
    I have written A Quick Tour of Kedge Keep to stimulate interest in this under-utilized dungeon. For the past two days, I have done extensive recon work to learn the habits and spawn patterns of Kedge's residents. This is a rough draft and a work in progress. I need to do more research, but this guide can be used if you want to get your feet wet... so to speak. Special thanks to Radia Delfin, my Kedge mentor; to Shuri and Deirdre for the ports from Freeport after my many deaths (and lost level); to Henna, whose insatiable greed for farming items began this endeavor; and last but not least, to Estrella, whose incredible aggro range and ability to see invis is an inspiration to us all. Enjoy. 

    We begin just inside the zone exit to Dagnor's Cauldron. Enter the first floor room with the Lancers and the Impaler, and go down THE HOLE, the vertical tube in the middle of the room. This takes us to the second floor which contains four rooms at each compass position, N, S E, W. Warning: Exit THE HOLE when you see the eight columns, do not continue to swim down into the piranha pit. Enter the EAST ROOM, which has one vertical tube entrance in the floor. Regroup in the EAST ROOM. 

    The vertical tube in the floor is BUBBLE'S TUBE, named after Cauldron Bubble, the 49th level shark who sleeps in the room at the bottom of the tube (Common Drop: Sharkbone Warhammer, 1HB 8/26 +5 WIS, Rare Drop: Hammerhead Helm AC 13 +7 STR +7 STA). BUBBLE"S TUBE has an exit halfway down, on its north wall. This exit leads to the ACCESS HALLWAY. Go down BUBBLE'S TUBE and exit into the ACCESS HALLWAY. When you enter the access hallway you will be facing north, and you will see two strands of green seaweed. Take an immediate right (facing east) and approach the vertical access tube there. You have the option to go up or down; go up. (This tube goes left (north), then right (east), then up again to the left (north).) You are now in the octagonal ATRIUM, facing north. The ATRIUM is distinguished by a lovely, crashing wave motif along the border of the ceiling. It has an alcove to your left (west), an empty room straight ahead (north), and a vertical tube to your right (east) with a gate lying on the floor in front of it. The room to the north is the SAFE DEN, and is adorned with a beautiful pattern of golden sea horses along the ceiling. This is one of my favorite places in Norrath. It is a perfect place to quietly rest and recuperate after a long day in Guk. The SAFE DEN is simple, yet majestic, and can be used for buffing and regrouping, as no fish venture into this area. 

    Leave the ATRIUM through the eastern exit, over the iron gate that Henna d'Guk and I finally removed after 2 days of pounding and blasting. Go down this vertical tube all the way to the bottom and STOP! You are now standing on the TINY LEDGE facing south into a room with a Gloomwater Mermaid. Warning: Be very careful here! This mermaid is one of Estrella's hand maidens, and although she can't see invis, her cousins can, and they must be avoided until you are ready to fight. Leave the TINY LEDGE by hugging the left hand wall (moving east). Swim over the two Gloomwater Mermaids, and the Withered Tree they protect, and enter the small elevated room straight ahead. This elevated room is THE BALCONY, and is a safe area to rest and change your shorts. Remember, when swimming over the Withered Tree, do not turn to the south to get a "better look" at the pretty green room. If you do, you will die, and you will train everyone with you. The Gloomwater Mermaids in that room see invisible, and so does Estrella. They are xenophobic and have a really bad attitude - you have been warned! 

    The north side of THE BALCONY has vertical access tube, which goes up into the GRAND HALL. The GRAND HALL is a testament to the architectural genius of the ancient Kedge engineers. Flanking the hall are eight massive granite columns that separate the main hall area from the east apse and west apse. Warning: Nesting in the ceiling of the GRAND HALL as you enter are five Stingtooth Piranha, who disprove the old adage that size matters. They are small and tenacious, and will wear you down if you don't have an enchanter or bard to control them. If you march down the GRAND HALL to the north, as the ancient Kedgian Clergy once did, you will enter the CATHEDRAL, with its awe inspiring conical ceiling reaching upwards into the darkness. Tending to the barnacle encrusted alter in the middle of THE CATHEDRAL are two Soothbrine Sea horses. If you ascend to the apex of the conical ceiling, you will eventually meet Undertow, or his place holder, the Swirlspine Seashores. It is considered bad manners to begin a fight in this room without praying first at the alter. Also, giving your deity a heads up that you will be joining him soon might be a good idea if you plan to take on Undertow. 

    FIGHTING IN THE GRAND HALL 

    As you enter the GRAND HALL out of the vertical tube from THE BALCONY, take an immediate left (west) and go into the southern corner of the western apse. This is where you will fight. After you clear the five Stingtooth Piranhas in the ceiling of the GRAND HALL, you can fight the aquatic bard, Coralyn Kelpma (Common Drop: Sharkskin Drum - VERY RARE drum that is better than the Mistmore Drum) or her Gloomstalker Mermaid place holder. They reside in the southern part of the eastern apse, near a hole in the eastern wall. Through the hole in the wall are the SEA HORSE CAVES, which contain various Squallsurge, Soothbrine, and Spinereef Sea horses in their mid forties. 

That's all for now, I'll add more detail later, but I must sleep now. 

Phreekitty