EverQuest: Full Version and Expansions -  Manual Supplement
REVISED DECEMBER 4TH, 2001
EVERQUEST: FULL VERSION AND EXPANSIONS -  MANUAL SUPPLEMENT	1
INTRODUCTION	3
DIRECTX 8.1 OR HIGHER REQUIRED	3
ADDITIONAL AND NEW INFORMATION	4
Sense and Disarm Traps	4
Corpse Dragging in Velious	4
Dragon Circles In Velious	4
User Interface	5
Positioning	5
Scaling	5
Enabling / Disabling Windows	5
Experience Bar Enhancement	5
Selecting, Buying and Selling Stacks	5
Same Resolution Looting, Trading, Inspection, and Inventory (Velious Only)	6
EQCLIENT.INI	6
Social Scripting	10
Custom Animation Text	10
Emote Codes	11
Pauses in Social Batches	11
Voice Recognition	12
Activating Voice Recognition	12
Other related typed commands:	12
Server Selection	13
The Rallos Zek Server (PvP)	13
The Vallon/Tallon Zek Servers (PvP Teams, Coin Only)	14
The Sullon Zek Server (Deity based team PvP)	14
Firiona Vie Server Feature List	16
* Trivial Loot Code *	16
Antonius Bayle	17
The Test Server	17
Giving Another Consent to Drag Your Corpse	17
The /Report Command	18
Item Flags	18
Tail Rake	18
Melee Disciplines	19
Warrior Disciplines	19
Monk Disciplines	20
Rogue Disciplines	21
General Hybrid Disciplines (All Hybrid Classes) (Velious expansion or later only).	21
Paladin Disciplines (Velious expansion or later only).	21
Shadowknight Disciplines (Velious expansion or later only).	22
Ranger Disciplines (Velious expansion or later only).	22
Bard Disciplines (Velious expansion or later only).	22
APPENDIX A - VARIOUS COMMANDS AND EMOTES	22
APPENDIX B - ERRATA FOR THE EVERQUEST: THE RUINS OF KUNARK MANUAL	31
Player Corpse Decay Times	31
Character Creation	32
Sitting and Camping	32
Safe vs. Dangerous Locations	32
"Feeling Out" Strangers	32
Skills and Combat: Skills	32
Party Experience	33
Before You Attack	33
Right Hand vs. Left Hand	33
PvP: Fighting Other Players	33
Reclaiming Items	33
Participating in Parties	33
Guild Halls	33
Contacting a Game Master	33
Guide program information and application location	34
APPENDIX C - NEW COMMANDS AND EQCLIENT.INI SETTINGS FOR SHADOWS OF LUCLIN	34
APPENDIX D - ALTERNATE ADVANCEMENT FOR SHADOWS OF LUCLIN	35
Alternate Advancement	35
Unlocking Archetypes and Class Abilities:	36
Skill Levels and skill points:	36
Titles:	36
Ability Types:	37
General Abilities	37
Archetype Abilities	38
Caster Archetype Abilities	38
Melee Archetype Abilities	39
Priest Archetype Abilities	40
Class Abilities	41
Bard Class Abilities	41
Beastlord Class Abilities	42
Cleric Class Abilities	42
Druid Class Abilities	43
Enchanter Class Abilities	43
Magician Class Abilities	44
Monk Class Abilities	45
Necromancer Class Abilities	45
Paladin Class Abilities	46
Ranger Class Abilities	47
Rogue Class Abilities	48
Shadowknight Class Abilities	48
Shaman Class Abilities	49
Warrior Class Abilities	50
Wizard Class Abilities	50
 
Introduction

Welcome to EverQuest!  You are about to enter a world ripe with adventure and intrigue.  Before you do, please familiarize yourself with the manual and the information contained in this supplement.  If you are new to EverQuest, or have just purchased one of the expansions (EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark or EverQuest: Scars of Velious), this supplement contains information that you may find vital on your adventures.

The PDF version of the manual at http://www.everquest.com and this supplement make the files in your EverQuest directory labeled everquest_manual.doc and everquest_manual.txt obsolete.


DirectX 8.1 or Higher Required

EverQuest now requires that clients have DirectX 8.1 or higher installed.  

To determine what version of DirectX is currently installed on your system:

1. Click on start; 
2. Go up to the run box.
3. In the Run window, type DXDIAG than hit ok. This will launch the DirectX diagnostics tool. 

Your version of DirectX will be listed at the bottom of System Information.  Version 8.1 is listed as "DirectX 8.1 (4.08.01.0881)"

Please do the following prior to playing EverQuest.  It is very important that your drivers are installed in the order indicated to avoid potential problems:

1. Go to http://www.microsoft.com/downloads/release.asp?releaseid=33790&area=top&ordinal=3and install the latest DirectX drivers for your operating system.

2. Go to the website for your video card manufacturer. There are a number of different manufacturers, and it is preferred that you visit the website for the manufacturer of your card.  You can, at your option, go to the chipset manufacturer site.  Most will be able to use either www.3dfx.com (for Voodoo cards) or www.nvidia.com (for TNT/GeForce cards).  Download and install the latest drivers for your card and operating system.  See our Video FAQ: (http://everquest.station.sony.com/support/audio_video/index.jsp) for more details.

3. Go to the website for your sound card manufacturer and do the same.  If you do not know what brand of sound card you have, you can right-click on "My Computer", go to properties, click on "Device Manager", and open "Sound, Video, and Game Controllers".  If you use a SBLive sound card, you can run "LiveUpdate" from the Windows Control Panel off of your start menu.  View our Sound FAQ: (http://everquest.station.sony.com/support/audio_video/general_audio_troubleshooting.jsp ) for driver locations and more details.

If you experience any issues of this type, please do the following:

1. Run DXDIAG.EXE from your Start menu (click start, run, then type dxdiag.exe)
2. Click the "Save all Information" button at the bottom of the program window.
3. Save the file as dxdiag.txt

Copy the contents of that file into the form at http://www.station.sony.com/services/everquest-technical.jhtml along with a complete description of your problem, any text from any error messages that are presented, and a phone number that you can be reached at if you are willing to assist our testing department over the phone.

Also, if you experience a crash to the desktop while running EverQuest, please email your dbg.txt file from your EverQuest directory to EQtech@station.sony.com.

Additional and New Information

This section contains information that is either new to the game or information that was not included in the manual.  It also contains some specific information on skills and abilities available to those who have purchased the EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark upgrade or retail box, and/or the EverQuest: The Scars of Velious Expansion.

Sense and Disarm Traps

Bards, who always had the ability to disarm traps, have gained the ability to sense them as well.  Since we are aware that some may have not trained sense or disarm traps because they were unimplemented, bards and rogues will have the ability to gain skill without training, once they have reached the appropriate level and have crossed a zone boundary.

These skills now have use within Velious.  There are traps, and they range from annoying to deadly throughout Velious.  They are invisible and can only be detected and disarmed by rogues and bards.  

Use "Sense Traps" to see if there are any traps in the vicinity.  If so, you can then use "Disarm Traps" to try to disarm the trap.  Once disarmed, the trap will remain inactive for a short period of time while your group passes through the area. 
 
If there are multiple traps within range, your attempt to disarm will be directed towards the closest one.  

Corpse Dragging in Velious

Due to the importance of faction within Velious, we wanted to avoid a situation where a group could die in an area, and then easily bring in someone with good faction to drag all of the corpses out without consequence or risk.  As such, there are some zones in Velious where dragging a corpse is considered "assisting the enemy" by the inhabitants of the area.  They will react accordingly.

Dragon Circles In Velious

Players in Velious will notice "Dragon Circles" in the Iceclad Ocean, the Great Divide, the Wakening Lands, and Cobalt Scar.  These dragon circles are teleport locations for the wizard and druid teleports into Velious.

They are however unlike other teleports.  In order for a wizard or druid to teleport you to the area, you must have in your inventory a "tooth" from the appropriate or "higher level" dragon circle.  These teeth are soulbound (they stick with you when you die) and spawn on the ground in the center of each circle with exception to the one in Iceclad.

The Tooth of the Great Divide will allow you to be teleported to the Great Divide.
The Tooth of the Wakening Lands will allow you to be teleported to the Wakening Lands AND the Great Divide.
The Tooth of Cobalt Scar will allow you to be teleported to Cobalt scar as well as the previous dragon circles.

Again, you must have a tooth in your possession in order to be teleported to that location.  In other words, you must reach each location on foot before you can be teleported there.

User Interface

The User Interface features new options and screens that allow players to remain in the "Full Screen" video mode when playing the game, rather than switching to the lower resolution "Overlay" mode.  As a result, the additional windows superimposed on the full screen UI are greater in number and support additional options:

Positioning

Windows can now be moved to a location of your preference by clicking on the upper left-hand corner of each window, moving it to a location of your preference, and clicking again to set it into place.  This option is set on a "per-resolution" basis, so you can have different window positions for each resolution.

Scaling

The Chat and Spell-effect windows can be scaled in size by clicking on the lower right-hand corner, dragging to the desired size, then clicking again to set the option. This option is set on a "per-resolution" basis, so you can have different window scaling for each resolution.

Enabling / Disabling Windows

Each window in full screen mode can be enabled or disabled for viewing by engaging the customizable hot-key combination for that feature and window.  The defaults are:

ALT - B: Buff/Spell Effects Window
ALT - P: Party (Group) Window
ALT - C: Chat Window
ALT - S: Spell Gem Window
ALT - H: Hotbox Window
ALT - T: Target Window
ALT - Y: Self-Status Window
ALT - M: Menu Window
ALT - L: Lock down window position

Experience Bar Enhancement

Players will notice a blue line in their experience bar in addition to the bars.  The blue line is a "macroview" of each bubble of experience.  The blue line will fill the entire experience bar for each bubble of experience earned.

Selecting, Buying and Selling Stacks

Holding down the Shift key while right-clicking a stack of items will place the entire stack of items onto your cursor.  Holding down the Control key while right clicking a stack of items will place a single item on your cursor.

When selling stacks of items to a vendor, the same is true.  After selecting the item to be sold, holding down the Shift key while right-clicking the Sell button will sell the entire stack of items to the vendor.  Holding down the Control key while right-clicking the Sell button will sell only a single item to the vendor.  Similarly, holding the Shift key while right-clicking the Purchase button will purchase an entire stack (20) of items from a vendor, if your character has the money needed.  Holding the Control key while right-clicking the Purchase button will allow your character to purchase a single item.

Same Resolution Looting, Trading, Inspection, and Inventory (Velious Only)

Previously, when looting, trading, or viewing inventory, the screen would switch to a lower resolution mode (that small UI in the center if you are at resolutions above 640x480).  Now, if you are in resolutions above 640x480, nearly all functions take place in the higher resolution mode.  Functions that currently do not take place in the higher resolution mode will do so in the near future.


EQCLIENT.INI

Your EverQuest directory now contains a file named EQCLIENT.INI.  This file contains custom settings for most user preferences within EverQuest.  The EQCLIENT.INI file is split up into several sections.  The following information is presented in the order it appears in the EQClient.ini file:

[Defaults]

This section contains general information regarding client setup:

Log = TRUE or FALSE

Sets the default state of chat logging to the log file for your character and server.  Setting this option to true would have the same effect as logging into the game and typing "/log on" at the beginning of every play session.

AttackOnAssist = TRUE or FALSE

Sets whether or not you want "autoattack" to be automatically turned on after issuing the /assist command in game.

ShowInspectMessage = TRUE or FALSE

Sets whether or not you want the "CharacterName is inspecting you" message to be displayed when you are inspected by another character.

RunMode = TRUE or FALSE

Sets whether or not you want to automatically "run" when you log into the game.

LoadArmor17 through LoadArmor23 = TRUE or FALSE	(Velious Only)  

Defines whether or not you want to load the new armor implemented with Velious into your video card's texture memory.  Players with older video cards may choose to set one or more of these options to FALSE if you experiencing slow framerate or excess swapping when viewing these armors in areas with many textures.

By default, these are all set to "FALSE", as it is possible that those with lower end systems will have problems when attempting to load all of the new armor files.  At your option, you can switch all or part of them to "TRUE" to see the new armor.  If you have problems with framerate or disk swapping, turn all or part of them back to "FALSE".

As a note, though you may be able to obtain the files and make these entries if you are not Velious-enabled, the new armor will not be displayed unless you are.

ScreenMode = NORMAL or FULL

Sets the default screen mode for when you enter the game.

LockWindows = TRUE or FALSE

This statement is the same as hitting Alt-L in game.  This allows windows to be rearranged with your cursor if FALSE and locked in place if set to TRUE.  You can very easily do this in game with using the Alt-L function to toggle the lock off/on.

HidePlayerWin =  TRUE or FALSE

This statement is the same as the Alt-P function in game.  If this statement is set to TRUE, than the window that shows your character name, hit point bar, mana bar and stamina bar will not show up.  You can easily get it to show again in game by hitting Alt-P.

HidePartyWin = TRUE or FALSE

This statement is the same as the Alt-G function in game.  If this statement is set to TRUE, than the window that shows your group members hit point bar and names will not show up.  You can easily get it to show again in game by hitting Alt-G.

HideTargetWin = TRUE or FALSE

This statement is the same as the Alt-T function in game.  If this statement is set to TRUE, than the window that shows target's name and hit point bar will not show up.  You can easily get it to show again in game by hitting Alt-T.

HideSpellsWin = TRUE or FALSE

This statement is the same as the Alt-S function in game.  If this statement is set to TRUE, than the window that shows your spells gems (to hit to cast spell with mouse) will not show up.  You can easily get it to show again in game by hitting Alt-S.

HideBuffWin = TRUE or FALSE

This statement is the same as the Alt-B function in game.  If this statement is set to TRUE, than the window that shows your buff icons and icons of spells cast upon you will not show up.  You can easily get it to show again in game by hitting Alt-B.

HideHotboxWin = TRUE or FALSE

This statement is the same as the Alt-H function in game.  If this statement is set to TRUE, than the window that the six pages of hotkeys will not show up.  You can easily get it to show again in game by hitting Alt-H.

HideChatWin = TRUE or FALSE

This statement is the same as the Alt-C function in game.  If this statement is set to TRUE, than the window that shows your chat text will not show up.  You can easily get it to show again in game by hitting Alt-C.

HideMainMenuWin = TRUE or FALSE

This statement is the same as the Alt-M function in game.  If this statement is set to TRUE, than the window that shows your main menu window with your abilities, socials, combat abilities, etc., will not show up.  You can easily get it to show again in game by hitting Alt-M.

ChatLineSpacing = [0-2] 

This line controls the number of spaces between each line of text in your chat window.  Default is 0.  It is not suggested putting this value over 2, or it could be very difficult to read text as it scrolls by.

ShowDynamicLights = TRUE or FALSE 

Having this line set to TRUE enables the player to see special graphics due to light sources on your character such as torches, greater lightstones, in a new light so to speak.

ChatFontSize = [0-5]

This line controls the size of the text font in your chat window.  Default is 0.  When using full screen mode with higher resolutions, it is helpful to set this value to 2 or higher, depending on your taste, eyesight, and reading comprehension ability.

VideoMode = [0-4]

0 is 640/480 resolution, 1 is 800/600.  2 is 1024/768.  3 is 1280/1024.  4 is 1600/1200.  Players need to have the Velious expansion in order to set this line to 3 or 4.

LastCharSel = [1-8]

This line controls which character is selected at the character select screen, so that whichever character you played last will be selected when you go to the character select screen the next time you play Everquest.

InvWinLabels = TRUE or FALSE 

This is a Velious only line that enables the labeling to show up when in the full screen inventory mode.

MousePointerSpeedMod = [0-3]

This is to allow faster movement across the screen by your mouse.  The higher the number, the faster the mouse scrolling will be.  Default is 0.  It is not suggested to set this to higher than 3, as it makes it difficult to accurately control the mouse movement.

TrackPlayers = [TRUE/GROUP/FALSE]

This line shows the current selection  (Default is TRUE) for showing players in tracking, not showing players, or only group members.  It is suggested to change this setting in game to change this value.

TrackSortType = [Normal/Distance/Consider/Rdistance/Rconsider]

This is a Ranger only ability and is best changed in game.  It changes the way that tracking is sorted, and how it shows up.

TrackFilterType = [0]

This is another Ranger only line that is best changed in-game.  The command in game allows you to specify not showing certain conning creatures.  Default is 0.  Please refer to the section later in this manual dealing with all of the /commands to see the proper use of this in game.

InspectOthers = TRUE or FALSE

This line set to TRUE allows you to inspect others.  If set to FALSE, you will not be able to right-click on their character to inspect.  The default value is TRUE.

ShowSpellEffects = [0-1]

0=No, 1=Yes.  This line allows particle effects to be shown if it equals 1.  If this line equals 0, no particle effects will be seen in-game when someone casts a spell.

ServerFilter = [0-1]

0=No, 1=Yes.  If this line is set to 1, than Server side filtering is occurring.  Default is 0.  If you are having problems with lag in a raid situation, or when many other players are in the same general area in Everquest, it is best to have this set to 1.

VideoModeBitsPerPixel = [16/32]

This line reflects and controls the video mode while in Everquest.  Default is 16 bits.  It is suggested that most players keep this value at 16 as increasing to 32 can cause a decrease of performance.

UseD3DtextureCompression = TRUE or FALSE 

This line turns on/off texture compression.  If set to TRUE, it can add much time loading to the game between the server select and character select screens, but can also improve performance.

[TextColors]

The [TextColors] section contains entries for various text colors in the client. All colors are to be set with Red, Green, and Blue values, in decimal. Valid settings for each color range between 0 and 255. "Black" (0 red, 0 green, and 0 blue) will be white in overlay mode, and black in normal mode. 

Here is a list of user colors to use as a guide when editing the file:

 1 - Say
 2 - Tell
 3 - Group
 4 - Guild
 5 - OOC
 6 - Auction
 7 - Shout
 8 - Emote
 9 - Spells (memorizing, scribing, casting, etc.)
10 - You hit other
11 - Other hits you
12 - You miss other
13 - Other misses you
14 - Some broadcasts (duels)
15 - Skills (ups, non-combat use, etc.)
16 - Disciplines or special abilities
17 - Unused at this time
18 - Default text and stuff you type
19 - Unused at this time
20 - Merchant Offer Price
21 - Merchant Buy/Sell
22 - Your death message
23 - Others death message
24 - Other damage other
25 - Other miss other
26 - /who command
27 - yell for help
28 - Hit for non-melee
29 - Spell worn off
30 - Money splits
31 - Loot message
32 - Dice Roll (/random)
33 - Others spells
34 - Spell Failures (resists, fizzles, missing component, bad target, etc.)

[WindowsXXX]

Sections labeled in this fashion store the full screen window locations (per resolution) as set by you in game.  You should not edit this section manually.

[KeyMaps]

The KeyMaps section stores your keyboard customizations as set in game.  It is best for this to be edited in game.

[WindowColors]  (Velious Only)

This section contains custom color settings for the transparent polygons behind chat and other windows in full-screen mode.  It can be set using the /wincolor command in game.

[LoadSocialAnimations] (Luclin Only)

This setting will tell the game to load or not to load (=TRUE or =FALSE) the social animations (such as /wave and /cheer) created for the Luclin models.  If you turn these off you will not see any social animations.  Not loading social animations can improve load times for those with systems below the recommended specifications.

[UseLuclinHumanMale] (Luclin Only)

There are a series of lines like this in the ini file, each pertaining to a specific race and sex.  Setting these lines to TRUE will tell the game to load the new Luclin character models for the specific race and sex.  Not loading some of the new character models might improve performance on systems below the recommended specifications.


Social Scripting

EverQuest now supports a total of 120 configurable "socials" in game, as opposed to the previous 12.  Along with these additional socials, there have been several enhancements to your ability to develop custom emotes and sequences of commands:

Custom Animation Text

EverQuest has default text for all existing animations.  For instance, when typing /point, or /point with a specified target (e.g. /point Blibby), your character will execute the "point" animation and "CharacterName points at <target>" will be displayed to all other characters in your vicinity. 

You can now use the animation, but substitute your own text.  To do this you need to specify the "target" after the command as "say" followed by your custom text.  For instance, typing "/point say points at a dangerous creature indicating that he is ready to kill it" will cause your character to execute the "point" animation and display "CharacterName points at a dangerous creature indicating that he is ready to kill it" to those nearby.

Emote Codes

When creating custom socials, you can now use a series of "%-codes" that expand into various pieces of information when the social is executed.
 
The %-codes are: 

%M - Returns the character's pet's name (when they have a pet)
%T - Returns the current target.
%S - Returns the subjective gender-specific pronoun for the target (He, She, It).
%O - Returns the objective gender-specific pronoun for the target (Him, Her, It).
%P - Returns the possessive gender-specific pronoun for the target (His, Her, Its).
%R - Returns the race of the target (only works on Player characters).

For example, if you have a target of "a gnoll", the following emote:

/point say points at %T indicating that he is ready to kill %O.

...Your character will execute the "point" animation with a text output of "CharacterName points at a gnoll indicating that he is ready to kill it."

Pauses in Social Batches

You may now enter pauses in social batches with the /pause command.  /pause takes an argument from 1 to 600 (600 = One minute), with the value being equal to the number of tenths of seconds (i.e. /pause 100 will yield a 10 second pause).  

For example, a social consisting of:

/sit off
/cast 1
/pause 100
/sit on

...would cause you to stand up, cast the spell in slot 1, wait 10 seconds after you've STARTED casting the spell, and sit down.

Furthermore, you can also use the /pause command on the same line as another social by separating the commands with a comma. Even though the pause command is specified first, it is executed AFTER the command on the same line.

For example:

/sit off
/pause 100,/cast 1
/sit on

...would have the same effect as the example above.  It is important to note that the comma can only be used to separate a /pause command from another, and MUST be specified first on the line.  

Voice Recognition

EverQuest now supports SAPI 4.0 (Microsoft's Speech API) compliant voice recognition packages, such as Dragon NaturallySpeaking(r) 4.0.  

Activating Voice Recognition

1) You must already have a voice recognition engine, such as Dragon Naturally Speaking, installed on your system, and have the default user (this was "Unknown" for me) trained, etc.  You do NOT have to run the engine yourself, the game will do that for you.

2) Once in EQ, bring up the chat bar (hit enter) and type in "/voice". Make sure it gives you the message, "Voice Recognition will be *ON* the NEXT time you run the game..."  If it does, then quit all the way out of EverQuest like the message instructs you to do and re run it.

3) After you have done this, you should get a message in the chat box when you get back in letting you know that Voice Recognition is Enabled.  You must turn the Microphone	on though.  Typing in the /microphone command (/mic also works, perhaps even /mi) will toggle the microphone on/off.  Voice commands and dictation are ignored when the Mic is off, and the game starts up with the microphone off.

Other related typed commands:

/vrdelay <delay in milliseconds> - Allows the user to set how long EQ will Sleep in the main rendering loop in order to improve voice recognition response.  The higher the delay, the lower framerate will be, so it is recommended that the user start with "/vrdelay 1" and go up by one each time until they are happy with the voice recognition response time.  Use the lowest number that provides adequate response time.


Command
Action
Computer
Toggles the state of the chat bar (typing mode on/off)
Slash
Brings up the chat bar with a "/" in it, just like "/" key.
Delete Line
Delete the whole line in the chat bar (if in typing mode).
Auto Run
Toggles Autorun on/off, just like numlock key.
Attack
Toggles Autoattack on/off, just like "A" key.
Consider
Considers your current target, just like "C" key.
Hail
Hails your current target, just like the "H" key.
Inventory
Brings up Inventory screen, just like "I" key.
Tell
Brings up chat bar with "/tell" already typed in, like "T" key.
Use
Use whatever is at the center of the 3d view, like "U" key (good for opening doors).
Camera
Toggles through camera modes/angles, just like F9 key.
Target Me
Target your character, just like F1 key.
Player One
Target your character, just like F1 key.
Player Two
Target Party Member 1, like F2 key.
Player Three
Target Party Member 2, like F3 key.
Player Four
Target Party Member 3, like F4 key.
Player Five
Target Party Member 4, like F5 key.
Player Six
Target Party Member 5, like F6 key.
Target Player
Target Nearest PC, just like F7 key.
Target Mob
Target Nearest NPC, just like F8 key.
Hot One
Activates the skill in hotbox 1, just like 1 key.
Hot Two
Activates the skill in hotbox 2, just like 2 key.
Hot Three
Activates the skill in hotbox 3, just like 3 key.
Hot Four
Activates the skill in hotbox 4, just like 4 key.
Hot Five
Activates the skill in hotbox 5, just like 5 key.
Hot Six
Activates the skill in hotbox 6, just like 6 key.
Reply
Brings up chat bar with "/reply" already typed in, like "R" key.
Escape
Cancels your target, & goes back one screen, just like ESC key.
Up Command
Scroll back to previous chat bar command, just like SHIFT-UP ARROW when chat bar is up.
Down Command
Scroll to next chat bar command, just like SHIFT-DOWN ARROW when chat bar is up.


Shift Hot One
Switches to the first hotbox bank.
Shift Hot Two
Switches to the second hotbox bank.
Shift Hot Three
Switches to the third hotbox bank.
Shift Hot Four
Switches to the fourth hotbox bank.
Shift Hot Five
Switches to the fifth hotbox bank.
Shift Hot Six
Switches to the six hotbox bank.
Target Pet
Targets your pet, otherwise, just targets you.
Assist 
Same as typing "/assist" in chat bar and hitting enter.
Location 
Same as typing "/location" in chat bar.
Corpse 
Same as typing "/corpse" in chat bar.
Follow 
Same as typing "/follow" in chat bar.
Time 
Same as typing "/time" in chat bar.
Pet Attack 
Same as typing "/pet attack" in chat bar.
Pet Guard Me 
Same as typing "/pet guard me" in chat bar.
Pet Guard Here 
Same as typing "/pet guard here" in chat bar.
Pet Health 
Same as typing "/pet health" in chat bar.
Pet Back Off 
Same as typing "/pet back off" in chat bar.
Pet Sit Down 
Same as typing "/pet sit down" in chat bar.
Pet Taunt 
Same as typing "/pet taunt" in chat bar.
Say
Brings up chat bar with "/say" already typed in. 
Guild
Brings up chat bar with "/guildsay" already typed in. 
Group
Brings up chat bar with "/gsay" already typed in. 
Delay
Brings up chat bar with "/vrdelay" already typed in. 

You can also dictate into the chat bar once it is up.


Server Selection

Choosing a server is one of the first decisions you must make when you enter EverQuest.  Though it is true that many people who have friends in game will choose the server where their friends are, it is generally recommended that unconnected people choose the least populated server for play.  

There are also at least three special servers that new people will want to take care before choosing.  These are the PvP servers.  Each PvP server has a different theme and should you choose to play on one, the following information should be considered.

The Rallos Zek Server (PvP)

The Rallos Zek Server is the oldest PvP server in EverQuest.  On this server, everyone has the ability to attack each other subject to a 4 level limit.  For instance, a level 45 person may attack or be attacked by anyone from level 41 through 49.

In the event that you kill or are killed by another player on this server, the loot rules are "Coin + 1 item".  You may loot (or have looted from you) all coin on the corpse, plus an item.  Items in bags, in a melee slot (primary, secondary, ranged, or ammo), or item marked NODROP may not be looted.

The Vallon/Tallon Zek Servers (PvP Teams, Coin Only)

The Vallon/Tallon Zek Servers is what we call PvP-Teams servers.  Only races on opposing teams may attack, kill, or loot each other.  The four teams are:

Dark Races - Comprised of Iksar, Dark Elves, Ogres, and Trolls
Short Races - Comprised of Dwarves, Halflings, and Gnomes.
Elven Races - Comprised of Half Elves, Wood Elves, and High Elves.
Human Races - Comprised of Humans, Erudites, and Barbarians.

Anyone on one team may engage in PvP combat with anyone on any of the other three teams subject to an 8 level limit. For instance, a level 42 person can attack or be attacked by anyone between level 34 and 50, assuming that they are on opposing teams.  

The loot rules on these servers differ from Rallos Zek.  Only coin may be looted from a fallen opponent.

The Sullon Zek Server (Deity based team PvP)

The Sullon Zek server is a new server with a new rule set. The rules for this server are very different than those on any other EverQuest server. In general the server is based on the concept of a PvP teams server, like Tallon and Vallon Zek, but with the teams chosen based on which god the character worships rather than the race of the character. 

Sullon Zek rules: 

1. Player v. Player (PvP) combat can occur between any characters that are not on the same team, regardless of level. A level 50 character can attack and kill a level 6 character if that character is not a member of his alliance. But rules 2 and 3 apply. 

2. Characters will be immune to PvP combat until they have gained enough strength to survive the struggle. Characters below 6th level are not able to participate in PvP combat, unless they stray from city and newbie zones. As soon as a character 'dings' into 6th level he or she will become PvP enabled. 

3. Characters will lose experience when killed in PvP combat if the character that killed them is within 5 levels. The amount of experience lost will be the same amount that is lost if that character is killed by an NPC. Your corpse can be resurrected by a cleric to partially restore lost experience. 

4. Characters will only be able to loot coins from other characters, and then only if the victim was within 5 levels of the killer. Only the character getting the killing blow will be able to loot the corpse. 

5. Players may only have one character at a time on this server. This means that you will have to delete the existing character in order to create a new one. Because we are introducing a new class and a new race with the release of Shadows of Luclin we plan to make allowances at that time for those that wish to explore these new characters.

6. Characters will not be able to group with anyone that is not on their Deity Team. 

7. Characters will not be able to invite someone to join their guild that is not on their Deity Team.

8. Combat skills' effective value is capped at 2 levels above a players current level.

9. Resistance debuff spells have a 50% increased effectiveness against player characters.

10. /consider returns only three kinds of results when used against player characters. 'Green' means that the character is below your range. 'White' or 'black' means that the character is within your range. 'Red' means that they are above your range. 'In range' means +/- 5 levels.

11. /consider will also display a message indicating what team the target is on. Members of your own team will be displayed as an 'ally'.

12. Faction hits for PvP will be taken for killing characters within their racial home towns. Killing a human in any human starting city will cause a faction loss with the locals. Freeport, Qeynos and Surefall Glade are considered starting cities for humans. All of Greater Faydark and Felwithe are considered the starting city for all elves (high elves and wood elves), except dark elves. Paineel and Erudin are both starting cities for erudites, and killing one in either city (regardless of their place of origin) will result in a faction loss with that city. Other cities are not considered home towns, despite being run and controlled by a certain race. For example, HighHold is not a human home town. Thurgadin is not a dwarven home town.

13. Rules such as the Play Nice Policy do not apply to this server. Characters have the ability on this server to deal with their conflicts through combat. Causing experience loss by 'training' NPCs on other characters is not an offense that would warrant a warning this server. HOWEVER: All rules regarding general decency still apply. Cursing, threats and other such things will be dealt with sternly, and are still unacceptable behavior on any PvP server.

14. Beneficial effects can not be used on members of another team.

15. No character will be able to bind in dungeon zones.

16. 'Buff' spells will not affect characters more than 20 levels lower than the spell level. Existing spell restrictions on spells over 50th level will supercede this rule.

17. There will be 'insignia' dropped on the corpses of characters over 20th level that are killed by another character. We plan to allow those to be turned in for a reward of some sort. What that reward will be is undetermined at this time, but we are leaning towards a team reward rather than a personal reward.

18. Naked corpses will disappear when looted by a player character. If you are naked and killed by a player character, your corpse will disappear when it is looted. 

The 'Teams': 

The Good Alliance consists of: Erollisi Marr, Mithaniel Marr, Rodcet Nife, Quellious, Tunare 
The Evil Alliance consists of: Bertoxxulous, Cazic Thule, Innoruuk, Rallos Zek
The Neutral Alliance consists of: Brell Serilis, Bristlebane, Karana, Prexus, Solusek Ro, The Tribunal, Veeshan. 

There are no Agnostics on Sullon Zek. With the new influence of the gods, those that had not declared for one deity or another have been killed. Everyone now worships a deity, if not out of respect, love or fear of the god, then out of fear for their lives at the hands of fanatics. 
Barbarian Shaman and Warriors can choose to worship Mithaniel Marr. Mithaniel Marr was unwilling to abandon all of the noble barbarians that served the good, and many declared themselves in favor of an alliance with Good. 
Monks will be able to worship Veeshan. The Temple in Qeynos has discovered some ancient writings that opened up new avenues. 
We will be including a method for the Good and Neutral teams to use Summon Corpse or something similar.


Firiona Vie Server Feature List
 This is a PvE (Player vs. Environment) server, NOT a PvP (Player vs. Player) server. In other words, it's a standard "blue" server with the same rules and features regarding PvP as the vast majority of our servers. It is not one of the "Zeks". 
 Auction restricted to city zones: Qeynos, Surefall Glade, Highkeep, Freeport, Rivervale, Erudin, Halas, Neriak, Grobb, Oggok, Greater Faydark, Ak'Anon, Kaladim, Felwithe, Paineel, Cabilis, Kael and Thurgadin. 
 Beneficial buff spells will not work on characters 20 levels lower than the caster. 
 Each character will be assigned an "alignment" upon creation. This alignment will be described in brief on the character creation screen (in the same location their Deity is described).
 Each character will be able to change their alignment once any time after they reach 10th level if they choose. A character is not required to change alignments, but may do so any time after attaining 10th level. The player will be able to choose from a list of alignments based on their race, class and deity. 
 A character's alignment will determine whether or not they can group or guild with other characters. 
 A character's alignment will determine an experience bonus or penalty when grouping with other characters. 
 A character's alignment will determine if they can cast beneficial spells on other characters (including resurrections). 
 Language skills will improve only through group chat in the same zone and from /say. 
 Languages will only improve 1 point each hour and will be capped at level*5+5 skill points. 
 Common will not exist. A Human language will be added and only made easily available to certain races. 
 One character per account. 
 The Trivial Loot Code will be in effect in all zones. 
 Very few items will be No-Drop. Exceptions will include things such as newbie notes and epic weapons.
 Bind Affinity will be restricted for all characters to locations where melee characters can bind on other servers. 
 /emote will be language specific 
 All characters will be /roleplay. 
 /alignment will display the alignment of your character and probably a more detailed description of that alignment. 

* Trivial Loot Code *
Briefly, the Trivial Loot Code works like this: If a character kills an NPC and that NPC does not give them experience, then the Trivial Loot Code takes effect. This can happen when either a member of your group is too high in level to receive experience from killing the monster, or when a member of your group is outside of the level range of the group for receiving experience from the kill. If any member of a group does not get experience for a kill, the Trivial Loot Code will take effect. The Trivial Loot Code prevents magical, lore and no-drop items from appearing on the corpse. Normal items and coins will appear on the corpse in all cases as usual.

Choosing an alignment

With this server we have decided to introduce the idea of alignment into the world of Norrath. This is an idea used in many roleplaying games to help the players and the game master further describe their characters, to express their social and emotional personality in much the same way that we take the time to describe a character's physical appearance.

Because this concept is new to EverQuest, we have written descriptions of each of the nine possible alignments. Each description is an outline of the ideals of these alignment types; characters can, of course, move around within the border of those ideals as they see fit. We encourage you to choose an alignment that suits the personality of your character. A character that is in all ways neutral, but refuses to aid a dark elf or troll because he believes them to be evil, might be neutral good, not neutral.

These are things that often develop as you play your character. When you started out with a new character you may have had certain designs in mind for her. You might have seen her as tolerant of both good and evil, willing to help anyone that needed it. But as she travels and meets people, she might realize that helping evil people has never been a pleasant experience, and that indeed she feels obliged to obey the rules and learns to despise rogues. A character that you thought would be neutral when you created her may end up being neutral good after the two of you experience Norrath a bit.

This is why you will not be able to choose the alignment of your character until you reach 10th level. Instead, your character will be given an alignment when you choose his class, race and deity. That alignment will match the ideals of that character's teachers. If your character starts as an agnostic human warrior, he will have left his training with all the impressions that his teachers gave him about the world. Because the character spent so long under the tutelage of people who insisted that a warrior must follow the middle road and be willing to fight when and where he was needed, he will enter his career as a neutral. But adventuring changes people, and after ten levels of such adventure you will be able to decide your character's alignment, within restrictions determined by that character's race, class and deity. For example, high elves must be good, and will be restricted to good alignment options when they reach tenth level, or at any time thereafter.
This will be the only time that you will be able to make this decision, so choose wisely. Get to know your character before choosing.

The EverQuest.com website has more detailed information about this server.


Antonius Bayle

Antonius Bayle is physically located in the United Kingdom.  The rules for this server are the standard rules for an EverQuest server.  The only difference is its location.  If you live in Europe you might want to try playing on this server to see if it can provide you a better connection.


The Test Server

The Test Server is a server maintained for testing new ideas, spells, NPCs, zones and many other new concepts.  You can access the Test Server by running the testeverquest.exe file located in your EverQuest directory.

Because this is a functioning test server, you may find that you are downloading patches frequently from this server.  If you play on a standard server, you may also have to patch files from those servers to play there to replace files altered by the Test Server patch process.

If you plan to play on the Test Server, please read the following disclaimer.

Test Server Disclaimer

Playing on the Test server will give users an opportunity to experience changes firsthand before they are made available to the live world servers.  However, it should be noted that due to frequent changes and revisions, enhancements made to the Test server will not necessarily make it to the live servers.  Any quest-related bugs should be submitted via e-mail to eqtesting@verant.com.  In addition, the Test server has NO official Game Master support, therefore, if an item(s) is lost due to a bug, server outage, or any other reason, there will be NO reimbursement for the lost goods.  It should also be noted that due to the nature of testing, the Test server may be brought down at anytime, without notice.  Finally, it may be necessary from time to time to execute character and/or equipment wipes in order to maintain the integrity of the test platform.

Giving Another Consent to Drag Your Corpse

As mentioned in the manual, only you are allowed to loot your corpse, thus retrieving all of your items after death.  You can, however, give another person permission to "drag" your corpse. You can do this by typing "/consent" followed by the first name of the character that you wish to be able to drag your corpse.   Once consent is granted, you can also revoke it by repeating this operation.

Once consent is given, the target character will be able to move your corpse providing the character is near the corpse, has it targeted, and types the /corpse command.

The /Report Command

The /report command instructs your client to send authenticated data from your chat window to the EverQuest servers for logging.  The purpose of this command is to create a record of any text sent to you by another player that might be in violation of the EverQuest Rules of Conduct or the EverQuest license agreement.  The usage of this command in game is a little bit misleading.  The syntax of the command is "/report CharacterName", however the true function of the command sends the bottommost ten lines of your chat window.  To properly use this command, use shift-PgUp to scroll until the suspect text is in the chat window, then type "/report CharacterName".  You should then file a "/petition" (see EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark manual), explaining the fact that you have filed a /report, with a brief explanation of what the /report is meant to show.

Item Flags

When you inspect an item (right-click and hold on the item), there are often several different flags printed right below the name of the item:

MAGIC ITEM:  This means that the item is imbued with magic.  If this item is a weapon, it will have the ability to damage creatures that can only be harmed by magic.  

LORE:  This means that you may only have one of these items in your possession at any one time.  If you attempt to acquire another, you will not be able to pick the item up.  This will check your bank account.

NODROP:  This means that the item cannot be traded to another player nor sold to a merchant.  However, you can hand the item to an NPC, which is necessary for many quests.

NO RENT:  A no rent item will disappear from your inventory 30 minutes after logging out.

ARTIFACT: This means that the item is unique upon the server that you play, and that there will never be another one given out.  Artifacts are usually earned through participation in dynamic quests that occur in game regularly.  Artifacts however remain so rare that most people may never see one, much less own one, which is why they are called Artifacts of Great Power.

Item Size:  The size of any item will be listed (and for containers it will show what sized items it will hold).  This should make organizing your inventory a little easier.

A Deity's name: If a deity's name is listed upon the item, it means that only followers of that deity may equip the item or use its effects.  

Weight Reduction:  If a percentage for weight reduction is listed on a container, that container will reduce the weight of any item placed into it by that percentage while it is in the container.

Tail Rake

The "dragon punch" skill has been replaced by "Tail Rake" for Iksar characters.  

Melee Disciplines

In addition to the many automatic skills and abilities that characters will receive past 50th level, we've added player-controlled fighting "disciplines" to the repertoires of the pure melee (warriors, monks, and rogues) and hybrid (Paladin, Shadowknight, Ranger, and Bard) classes.  These disciplines are activated using the /discipline command on the command line, and have a duration and base reuse time associated with them.  You cannot use any other discipline until the reuse time of the last-used discipline has expired.  You can type /discipline on the command line to view the disciplines available to you, as well as the amount of time before you can use another one.

Some disciplines, particularly the ones with long duration, have a disadvantage in addition to the advantage provided by the discipline.  In all cases where this happens, the disadvantage is less severe than the advantage.  For instance, where the Evasive Discipline allows a warrior to be hit by his opponent less by a factor of 35%, the warrior will also hit his target less, but only by a factor of 15%.  In the interest of exploration, further formulae will not be provided. 

Warrior Disciplines
 
RESISTANT (Level 30 - Velious Only): +3 to all resistances increasing to +10 at 50th level.  This discipline lasts for 1 minute, and has a base reuse time of 1 hour.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as you level.

FEARLESS (Level 40 - Velious Only): Immunity to "Fear" and all spells that cause "fear".  This discipline lasts for 11 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 1 hour.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as you level.

EVASIVE (Level 52): The warrior is hit by his opponent less often, but also will hit his target less often.  This discipline lasts for 3 minutes, and has a base reuse time of 15 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the warrior gains additional levels.

CHARGE (Level 53): When using this discipline, the warrior will automatically land all attacks against his opponent.  In other words, he will not miss.  This discipline lasts for 14 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 30 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the warrior gains additional levels.

MIGHTY STRIKE (Level 54): When using this discipline, all landed attacks will automatically be either Critical Hits or Crippling Blows.  This discipline lasts for 10 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 60 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the warrior gains additional levels.

DEFENSIVE (Level 55): The warrior takes less melee damage, but also deals less.  This discipline lasts for 3 minutes, and has a base reuse time of 15 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the warrior gains additional levels.

FURIOUS (Level 56): When using this discipline, the warrior will automatically riposte every attack landed on him by the opponent he is facing.  This discipline lasts for 9 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 60 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the warrior gains additional levels.

PRECISION (Level 57): The warrior will have a greater chance to hit his target, but will also have a greater chance of being hit. This discipline lasts for 3 minutes, and has a base reuse time of 30 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the warrior gains additional levels.

FELL STRIKE (Level 58): When using this discipline, all hits landed by the warrior will be for at least four times the base weapons damage. This discipline lasts for 12 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 30 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the warrior gains additional levels.

FORTITUDE (Level 59): When using this discipline, the warrior cannot be hit in melee combat. This discipline lasts for 8 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 60 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the warrior gains additional levels.

AGGRESSIVE (Level 60): The warrior will do more damage with every blow landed, but will also take more damage as well. This discipline lasts for 3 minutes, and has a base reuse time of 27 minutes. 

Monk Disciplines

RESISTANT (Level 30 - Velious Only): +3 to all resistances increasing to +10 at 50th level.  This discipline lasts for 1 minute, and has a base reuse time of 1 hour.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as you level.

FEARLESS (Level 40 - Velious Only): Immunity to "Fear" and all spells that cause "fear".  This discipline lasts for 11 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 1 hour.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as you level.

STONE STANCE (Level 51): When using this discipline, the monk will take roughly 1/3rd damage from most physical attacks. This discipline lasts for 12 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 12 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the monk gains additional levels.

THUNDER KICK (Level 52): When this discipline is activated, the next successful flying kick will do additional damage.  The base reuse time for this discipline is 9 minutes, and will decrease as the monk gains additional levels.

WHIRLWIND (Level 53): When using this discipline, the monk will automatically riposte every attack landed on him by the opponent he is facing.  This discipline lasts for 9 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 60 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the monk gains additional levels.

VOIDDANCE (Level 54): When using this discipline, the monk cannot be hit in melee combat. This discipline lasts for 8 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 60 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the monk gains additional levels.

INNERFLAME (Level 56): When using this discipline, all hits landed by the monk will be for at least four times the base weapons/hand damage. This discipline lasts for 12 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 30 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the monk gains additional levels.

100 FIST  (Level 57): When using this discipline, the monk will be hasted (e.g. will hit much faster).  This haste stacks with every other haste in the game, including haste items and spells.  This discipline lasts for 15 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 30 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the monk gains additional levels.

SILENTFIST (Level 59): When this discipline is activated, the next successful Dragon Punch (Tail Rake for Iksar) will do additional damage, and have a chance of stunning the target.  The base reuse time for this discipline is 9 minutes, and will decrease as the monk gains additional levels.

ASHENHAND (Level 60): When this discipline is activated, the next Eagle Strike will do a surprising amount of damage, and under certain circumstances may have a chance to kill the target outright.  The base reuse time for this discipline is 72 minutes.

Rogue Disciplines

RESISTANT (Level 30 - Velious Only): +3 to all resistances increasing to +10 at 50th level.  This discipline lasts for 1 minute, and has a base reuse time of 1 hour.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as you level.

FEARLESS (Level 40 - Velious Only): Immunity to "Fear" and all spells that cause "fear".  This discipline lasts for 11 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 1 hour.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as you level.

COUNTERATTACK (Level 53): When using this discipline, the rogue will automatically riposte every attack landed on him by the opponent he is facing.  This discipline lasts for 9 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 60 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the rogue gains additional levels.

DEADEYE (Level 54): When using this discipline, the rogue will land every attack.  This discipline lasts for 14 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 30 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the rogue gains additional levels.

NIMBLE (Level 55): When using this discipline, the rogue will dodge the attacks of the opponent he is facing.  This discipline lasts for 12 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 30 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the rogue gains additional levels.

KINESTHETICS (Level 57):  When using this discipline, all rolls for double attacks and dual wields will be successful, giving the rogue 4 attacks per round, guaranteed.  This discipline lasts for 18 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 30 minutes. The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the rogue gains additional levels.

BLINDING SPEED (Level 58): When using this discipline, the rogue will be hasted (e.g. will hit much faster).  This haste stacks with every other haste in the game, including haste items and spells.  This discipline lasts for 15 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 30 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the rogue gains additional levels.

DUELIST (Level 59): When using this discipline, all hits landed by the rogue will be for at least four times the base weapons damage. This discipline lasts for 12 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 30 minutes.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as the rogue gains additional levels.

General Hybrid Disciplines (All Hybrid Classes) (Velious expansion or later only).

RESISTANT (Level 51 - Velious Only): +10 to all resistances.  This discipline lasts for 1 minute, and has a base reuse time of 1 hour.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as you level.

FEARLESS (Level 54 - Velious Only): Immunity to "Fear" and all spells that cause "fear".  This discipline lasts for 11 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 1 hour.  The reuse time for this discipline will decrease as you level.

Paladin Disciplines (Velious expansion or later only).

HOLYFORGE (Level 55 - Velious Only): Critical Hits and Crippling Blows versus undead with an increased probability of going off.  This discipline lasts for 2 minutes, and has a base reuse time of 72 minutes.  

SANCTIFICATION (Level 60 - Velious Only): Immunity to most types of harmful spells.  This discipline lasts for 10 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 72 minutes.

Shadowknight Disciplines (Velious expansion or later only).

UNHOLYAURA (Level 55 - Velious Only): 25% increase to damage done by Harmtouch in addition to making it nearly un-resistable.  This discipline has a base reuse time of 72 minutes.  

LEECHCURSE (Level 60 - Velious Only): Heal self for every point of melee damage dealt while discipline is active.  This discipline lasts for 15 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 72 minutes.

Ranger Disciplines (Velious expansion or later only).

TRUESHOT (Level 55 - Velious Only): Max to two times max bow damage with an increased hit probability.  This discipline lasts for 2 minutes, and has a base reuse time of 72 minutes.  

WEAPONSHIELD (Level 60 - Velious Only): Parry all melee attacks.  This discipline lasts for 15 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 72 minutes.

Bard Disciplines (Velious expansion or later only).

DEFTDANCE (Level 55 - Velious Only): Auto dodge and auto dual-wield.  This discipline lasts for 10 seconds, and has a base reuse time of 72 minutes.  

PURETONE (Level 60 - Velious Only): Makes it as if you are wielding the best instrument of every type, whether or not you are actually wielding an instrument.  This discipline lasts for 2 minutes, and has a base reuse time of 72 minutes.


APPENDIX A - Various Commands and Emotes

Below is a list of more command /command available within game.  You can get a complete list of all /commands available to you in game by typing /help [type] where "type" is "guild", "emotes", or "normal".  Type /help alone to return usage instructions.

When you see [ ] below, the text within those brackets are parameters for the command being described.  They are the options that you can choose when using that command.  They will be separated by commas when there is more than one.  Typing the command and then parameter (without the brackets) will give you the result described.  If you see [ON/OFF] then the command is a toggle.  That means that you do not need to type on or off, just typing the command will change the state of the toggle.  So if you are currently Anonymous and you type /anon, the command will toggle the state of your anonymous flag to OFF (since it was ON before).

[target] indicates that you must have a character targeted for the command to work.

Also, where you see < >, the information within the brackets is not a specific parameter, but is a kind of text that you will need to type.  For example if you see <character name>, then you will need to type in a character name as the parameter for the command, without the brackets.  If it just says <text>, then the nature of the text is up to you to determine (though the brackets are not needed).


/anon or /a [ON/OFF] - Makes you Anonymous in /who and /who all, preventing other players from seeing your class, level, and current location.

/afk [ON/OFF] <text> - When activated, all private tells sent to the user will auto-respond with the following text, "You told <players name>, 'Sorry, I am A.F.K. (Away from keyboard) right now.'".  If you add <text> then that text will replace the default AFK message.

/assist [target] or <character name> - if you target a character that is within 200', the /assist command will automatically target for you whoever that character has targeted at the moment- this can be very useful in heavy combat.  To be most effective, it is best to set this as a Social (see IV.F above)

/assist [ON/OFF] - Toggles the autoattack function associated with the /assist function.  The default of ON turns on your autoattack when you use /assist.  If you type /assist off then autoattack will not start when you use /assist.  This is one case where you must use the parameters on and off for this to work.

/attack [ON/OFF] - Toggles in and out of attack mode.  This will put you in attack mode even if nothing is targeted.  Be careful not to use this when near NPC's that you have targeted.  By default, this is set to the "a" key.  Care should also be taken when you are near an NPC that you have targeted not to hit the "a" key, as this may cause you to attack the NPC.

/auction <text> - Allows users to send auction messages throughout the current zone.  Please use this channel only for auctions.

/autosplit [ON/OFF] - automatically splits any loot you get with the rest of your party.  Each member must do this to split all loot.

/book [1-50] - Opens your spell book to the specified page.

/bug or /b - takes you to a bug-reporting screen

/camp [desktop/server] - Allows the player to exit to the server select screen or desktop depending on what is specified.  You can use just /camp by itself as well.  You must be sitting in order for this command to work.  If attacked while camping out, the /camp command will be cancelled, thus preventing exit from the game.

/cast [1-8] - causes your character to cast the spell in the specified memorization slot.

/channel [gsay/ooc/shout/guild/auction] - toggles the chat channels on or off.

/chatfontsize [0-5] - This is for Velious subscribers only.  It is used in full screen mode only to change the chat font size.

/consent <character name> - gives the character permission to drag your corpse

/consider or /con - gives vital statistics of a targeted PC or NPC

/corpse [target] - will summon the target's corpse if it is within a 50' radius of the character.  You can either target the character or the character's corpse.  This will only work if the targeted character has used the /consent command on the character trying to use the /corpse command.  If no target is selected when the /corpse command is used, it will summon your own character's corpse if it is within 50' of the character.

/decline - Declines a duel.

/disband [target] - Allows a character to disband from a group if he/she has themselves targeted.  This command also allows the group leader to disband a targeted member of the group if they are in the same zone.

/dismount (Luclin Only) - This command allows your character to dismount from a horse if for some reason he has lost the ability to do so using the bridle.  There is no /mount command, only the bridle will allow you to mount a horse.

/doability [1-6|7-10] - 1-6 performs the associated ability from the "abilities" page, 7-10 perform the associated combat skill.

/duel or /d - challenges targeted PC to a duel - to accept, they have to type /d with you targeted as well. Duel is in effect until one combatant "dies" (is knocked unconscious) or flees the zone.  Until the duel is resolved, the two combatants can't be affected by spells from PCs not in the duel, nor can they cast spells on those outside the duel.

/dynamiclights [ON/OFF] - When on, this command enables players to see specially rendered lighting.  This command is most useful when the player is holding, or has a light source with them, such as a torch.  Turn this command to off if you notice low frame rate. 

/em <text> or : <text> - emotes the text.  Most emotes have animations associated with them, though some do not.  Predefined emotes are listed in the table below.

/exit -  This command is the same as /quit and should not be used by players unless to escape from a death bind loop.

/facepick (Luclin Only) - this command brings up an interface that allows you to choose a new face for your character using the new models for Shadows of Luclin.  You must have the Luclin character model enabled for the race of the characters whose face you are trying to change.  Currently this command can be used more than once on the same character.  In the future it will be a once per character command.

/fastdrop [ON/OFF/NEVER] - Disables or enables the ability to drop items on the ground without a confirmation box. The recommended setting for this option is the same as the default setting, which is /fastdrop off.  If set to never, you will never be able to drop any items on the ground.  If set to on, no confirmation box will come up before dropping the item on the ground.  Caution is advised as many  NPC's (Non player characters such as merchants) do pick up items dropped on the ground by players.

/feedback - takes you to the feedback/comments screen.

/filter [ON/OFF]- Toggles the profanity filter on and off.

/follow [target] - When this command is used while targeting another player, the user will automatically follow the targeted character.

/friend <character name> - adds or removes a 'friend' from your friends list.  /friend <character name> will add the player to your list, and /friend <character name> again, for the same character, will remove him/her.  /friend by itself will list the players in your friends list.  A /who friend will let you know if anyone on your friends list is in the zone you are in, and a /who all friend will let you know if anyone on your friends list is on the server you are on.  Your friends list can only contain 30 names per character.  And be aware that in order to remove someone from the list, you must type their name precisely.

/gems - This command allows a player to play the game Gems.

/gsay <text> or /g <text> - text is seen by all in your group


Guild Commands:

/guildsay <text> or /gu <text> - Sends a text message to all fellow guild members currently on-line.

/guildinvite [target] - Guild Leaders and Officers may use this command to invite new guild members.  In order to make an officer, the guild leader must use the following command:  /guildinvite o <playername>.  You can also just have the player targeted and type /guildinvite o.  You must be in the same zone as the player you want to invite into the guild. The letter o must be lower cased.  If the player you want to make an officer is currently in the guild, they will have to /guildremove themselves (with themselves targeted) , in order to be made an officer through this command.

/guildremove [target] - Guild Leaders and Officers may use this command to remove guild members.  Keep in mind that if you target yourself when executing this command, you will remove yourself from the guild.

/guilddelete - Guild Leaders may use this command to disband a their guild.

/guildstatus [target] or <character name> - Will return the guild status of the targeted or named character (their rank within their guild, if any).  This command will only work on characters within the same zone.

/guildleader [target] - Transfers guild leadership status to the targeted guild officer..

/guildwar <guild leader name> <number> - Allows the guild leader to challenge or accept another guild in guild war.  Both parameters are necessary, and both guild leaders must execute the command.  The number is the number of days that the guild war will last, from 1 to 14.  All members of a guild at war with another guild are PvP with each other for the duration of the guild war.

/guildpeace <guild leader name>- Allows the guild leader to end a guild war.  Both guild leaders must execute this command to end the war.  Guild war will end in any case after the time limit has passed.

/guildmotd <text> - Officers of a guilds can specify the text to show up after the regular server MOTD (Message of the Day) for each of their guild members when they log in.  The guild message of the day will always be preceded by the name of the guild officer that set it up.  There is a maximum of around 200 characters for this guild motd.  Any new guild message of the day overwrites the last guild message of the day.  When a server goes down, all guild messages of the day will be deleted and will need to be reset.  There is no other way to delete a guild message of the day.

/help [emote/guild/normal] - Shows the player all of the commands available in area specified.

/hidecorpses [all/none/allbutgroup] - This command allows the player to choose to not see other player's corpses in-game.  This allows for less lag in situations where there are many corpses around.  Keep in mind that the all and the allbutgroup options will hide NPC corpses.  Your own corpse is never hidden.  The default is none.

/ignore <player name> - Will block all text from that character.

/inspect [ON/OFF] - Toggles on and off your ability to inspect others with a right-click of the mouse.  Use this toggle if you use the mouse for movement and find yourself accidentally inspecting others.

/invite [target] - Invites targeted player into a group.  This command can only be executed by the group leader.

/invwinlabels - For Velious subscribers only.  This command toggles on and off the descriptions for the full screen mode inventory.

/language - Returns the number of the language that you are currently speaking.  /language [help] returns a list of languages and their identification number.  /language [#] sets the current language.

/lfg [ON/OFF] - Indicates that you are "Looking for a Group" in the /who and "/who all" lists.

/log [ON/OFF]- Logs all text locally to the user's machine.  The file that is generated can be found in your EverQuest directory.  The format of the filename is eqlog_(server #)_(character name).txt.

/location or /loc - Displays the character's current location coordinates within the zone.  The location will show as x, y, z.

/loot - Allows the character to loot a corpse from a short distance. The corpse must be targeted when performing this command.  You can achieve the same result by right clicking on a corpse.

/lootnodrop [ALWAYS/SOMETIMES/NEVER] - This command is used to specify how you loot no drop items on corpses.  Always is default and will cause a prompt box to always be shown when looting no drop items.  Set to sometimes so only items not usable by your character will show a prompt box.  When you have this set to never, you will never get a confirmation box to see if you want to loot or not. 

/mcicontrol - Allows a player to control sound devices such as cdaudio or mp3s to play when in-game.  This command will be further developed in the future to be more user friendly.  Until that point, the following are some commands you can use to play audio CD's:

Before using any other of these commands, use the following to open up communications:

/mcicontrol open cdaudio 
To play:
/mcicontrol play cdaudio 
To pause:
/mcicontrol pause cdaudio 
To stop:
/mcicontrol stop cdaudio 
To skip forward:
/mcicontrol step cdaudio 
To skip back:
/mcicontrol back cdaudio 
To eject the CD:
/mcicontrol eject cdaudio 

Note:  Though ejecting itself should not cause any gameplay problems, putting in a new disk may. 
If you have AutoPlay enabled on your computer (which is windows default), it may start your CDaudio program and possibly, switch out of EverQuest, causing EverQuest to likely crash, or at the least may cause a phantom cursor to appear. 

If you have AutoPlay disabled, putting in a disk should not cause any problems.

/mousespeed [0-3] - Changes the mouse travel speed across the monitor.  3 is the maximum setting (the higher the number the faster the mouse moves).  Don't set this above 3.  Your mouse will move too quickly and you will probably not be able to play.

/msg - This is the same as using /Tell.

/note <text> - Allows the player to write notes when in-game to be referenced later out of game.  This creates a notes.txt file of the text.  Each line of text sent using /note is appended to the end of this file.  There is a maximum number of 455 characters when creating a note.

/ooc <text> - allows you to say something as yourself, not as your character, heard throughout the zone.  Please only use this channel for out of character speech, and please try to limit your out of character speech to this channel.

/pet [command] - gives orders to a charmed or summoned pet.  Sample pet commands:

/pet guard here - tells the pet to guard its current location.

/pet guard me - tells the pet to attack anyone that attacks it's master, or that it's master attacks.

/pet follow me - tells the pet to follow you, but ends when you cross a zone line.

/pet attack [target] - tells the pet to attack the designated target.

/pet back off - tells the pet to stop its attack.

/pet as you were - returns the pet to neutral, belaying all prior orders.

/pet get lost - will send the pet back to where it came from.

/pet report health - Reports the health of your pet in percentages.

/petition <text> - Used to request assistance from a GM.  The more detailed <text> is, the quicker the assistance can be rendered.  To prevent 'spamming' of the petition queue, each character can only send in one petition (for as long as that petition is in the queue).

/played - Returns the birth date and hours played for the current character.

/quit - Immediately exits the game.  However, when you exit in this manner, your character has not 'camped out' in the proper fashion, and he or she will remain in the game world for a short period after you have quit.  Your character will be under the control of the server, and may very well die while you are not there to tell it what to do.  So only use this command when you are in a rush to leave the game or are in an in-game situation that you can't get out of with the standard sit and camp method.  The risk you take when using this shortcut to exit the game is all yours.

/random [x, x y] - /random x generates a random number between 0 and x.  /random x y will generate a random number between x and y.  This can be used to decide things randomly, for instance, who gets a recently acquired treasure.

/reply <text> - If a "/tell" is received, the user may respond by using this command.  /reply will reply to the very last person to send you a /tell.

/report <character name> -  Allows a player to report the text that is currently being displayed in the chat window.  If you are reporting harassment, bad language, threats, or other actions by another player, use their character name for the <character name> in the report.  If you are reporting falling for 10,000 points damage, or other irregularities that affect your character, then use your character's name.  You should then use /petition and let a GM know that you have used /report so that they will know to look for your reported text.  To prevent 'spamming', you can only send one report at a time.  You can do another /report only after zoning.  Please make sure to have the text you want to report in the chat window when you use this command, /report will only send the bottom ten lines of text that are actually shown in your chat window.  Use Shift-Page Up and Shift-Page Down to move through your chat text until you see the text you want to report.

/resetwindows -  Used to reset to default the locations on-screen for the different Graphical User Interface (GUI) boxes.

/reverb [ON/OFF] - Toggles the reverb (echo) sounds on or off.

/reversesound -  This command will reverse the left and right channel for your sound.

/roleplay [ON/OFF] - Hides your race, class, and location while still displaying your guild tag, and turns your name purple to indicate that you prefer to remain "in-character".

/serverfilter [ON/OFF] - Allows player to turn off or on packet messages from other players, allowing for less lag in raid situations.

/shout <text> - Shouted text is seen across entire zone.  Shout is an 'in-character' channel, so please keep your speech in this channel in character.

/shownames [ON/OFF] - turns on or off visible names above PC's and NPC's heads.

/showspelleffects [ON/OFF] - Toggles spell effects (visuals) on or off.

/sit [ON/OFF] - Causes your character to sit or stand.

/split # # # # - splits a defined amount of money with your group members in the same zone: platinum, gold, silver, & copper respectively...i.e. /split 4 4 2 0 splits 4 plat, 4 gold, 2 silver, and 0 copper with the rest of the group.  For example, /split 4 will only split 4 platinum with your group members.  /split 0 0 0 200 will split 200 copper pieces with your group.

/stopsong -  Bards can use this command in hotkeys to stop singing their songs.

/surname <last name> - Players with a character level 20 or over may use this command to assign a last name to their character.  Once you have chosen a last name, you will not be able to change it.  So make certain that you choose a name that you like, and make certain that the name meets the requirements for our naming policy (see www.everquest.com for more details).

/targetgroupbuff - This command toggles on and off when issued.  When on, all group buff spells you cast will require a target but will affect everyone grouped (and in range) with that target, even if it is not your own group.  When it is off your group buff spells will act normally.  This will only work with group buffs that have a duration, and will not affect heals, portals, change form spells or spells cast from items.

/tell <character name> - The text is seen by the named character anywhere in the game.

/time - gives you the time of day in Norrath and your local time (based on the clock on your computer).

/trackfilter (Ranger only) [Red/Yellow/White/Blue/Green]) - Specify here what NPC /con colors you do not want to see in your tracking display.  For example, /trackfilter Red will remove all 'red' (dangerous) NPCs from your tracking display.

/trackplayers [ON/OFF] - Allows those with the tracking skill to indicate whether or not they want player characters to show up in their tracking list.

/tracksort - (Ranger Only) [Normal/Distance/Consider/Rdistance/Rconsider] - This is used by Rangers to control how their tracking display sorts targets.  Normal is by how long they have been in the zone (oldest NPCs first), Distance will put the closest NPC on top of the tracking list, Consider will put the highest level NPCs on top, Rdistance will  have the closest NPC listed last, Rconsider has the tracking list from low level on top to high level below.  

/usercolor [Chat Type] Rvalue Gvalue Bvalue. - For example, For Guild chat to be yellow, you would type /usercolor 3 0 255 255.  This is the same as editing the TextColor portion of your Eqclient.ini file, and the list of Chat Type numbers can be found in that section of this manual.

/vrdelay [1- 5 ] - This command is used to specify the delay time for responses when using voice recognition software.

/who - lists all player characters in your zone.

/who corpse - lists all the corpses your character has in the current zone.

/who all - lists all player characters in the world.

Note: /who and /who all are also usable with masks to look for certain characters, races or classes online.  For example:

/who wiz all - generates a list of all Wizards online in all zones.

/who 1 5 all - generates a list of all characters online who are between levels 1 and 5.

/who fip all - generates a list of all characters whose names begin with Fip.

/who gm all - generates a list of all the GM's that are online and not hidden.

/who all friend - generates a list of the players in your friends list who are online (see the /friend command).

/whotarget - Does a "/who" on the player character targeted.

/wincolor - This command allows players with the Velious expansion or later, to change the color and transparency of the background for all of the window boxes for the updated user interface.

 Format: /wincolor <window name> <red> <green> <blue> <trans>
<window name> -> CHAT, SPELL, PLAYER, PARTY, TARGET, BUFF, DATA, MAIN, INV, TRACK, or HOTBOX
<red> <green> <blue> -> 0 to 255
<trans> -> 0 = off, 1 = 25, 2 = 50, 3 = 75, 4 = 100 percent
To reset a window color use /wincolor <window name> reset

/yell - will issue a "cry for help" to all players within a 100 foot radius.  Characters hearing the yell will be told what general direction the yelling is coming from.


Emote Table
/command
emote with target
emote without target
Agree
<player> agrees with <target>.
<player> agrees with everyone around him/her.
Amaze
Amazed, <player> gasps at <target>.
<player> is amazed!
Apologize
<player> apologizes to <target> whole-heartedly.
<player> apologizes to everyone in the room.
Applaud
<player> applauds <target>'s performance.
<player> gives a round of applause.
Bite
<player> bites <target> on the leg.
<player> looks around for someone to bite!
Bleed
<player> bleeds all over <target>.
<player> bleeds quietly.
Blink
<player> blinks at <target> in disbelief.
<player> blinks in disbelief.
Blush
<player> blushes at <target>.
<player>'s cheeks are burning.
Boggle
<player> boggles at <target>, shaking his/her head, looking confused.
<player> boggles, shaking his/her head, looking confused.
Bonk
<player> bonks <target> on the head. 
<player> looks around for someone to bonk!
Bored
<player> informs <target> that he/she is bored.
<player> informs everyone that he/she is bored.
Bow
<player> bows.

Brb
<player> let's <target> know that he/she will be right back.
<player> announces he/she will be right back.
Burp
<player> burps loudly at <target>.
<player> burps loudly.
Bye
<player> waves goodbye to <target>.
<player> waves goodbye to everyone!
Cackle
<player> cackles gleefully at <target>.
<player> cackles gleefully.
Calm
<player> tries to calm down <target>.
<player> feels peaceful and calm.
Cheer
<player> cheers.

Clap
<player> claps for <target> happily - hurray!
<player> claps his/her hands together - hurray!
Comfort
<player> comforts him.
<player> needs to be comforted.
Congratulate
<player> congratulates <target> on a job well done.
<player> congratulates those around him/her on a job well done.
Cough
<player> coughs at <target>.
<player> coughs.
Cringe
<player> cringes away from <target>.
<player> cringes in terror!
Cry
<player> cries.

Curious
<player> looks at <target> curiously.
<player> looks around him/her curiously.
Dance
<player> grabs hold of <target> and begins to dance.
<player> stands on his/her tip-toes and does a dance of joy!
Drool
<player> drools all over <target>.
<player> drools -- something must have him excited!
Duck
<player> ducks behind <target>.
<player> ducks.
Eye
<player> raises an eyebrow at <target>.
<player> raises an eyebrow inquiringly.
Gasp
<player> gasps at <target> in astonishment.
<player> gasps in astonishment.
Giggle
<player> giggles at <target>.
<player> giggles.
Glare
<player> glares icily at <target>.
<player> glares at nothing in particular.
Grin
<player> grins evilly at <target>.
<player> grins evilly.
Groan
<player> groans at the sight of <target>.
<player> groans loudly.
Grovel
<player> grovels in the dirt before <target>.
<player> grovels in the dirt.
Happy
<player> is happy with <target>.
<player> is sooo happy.
Hungry
<player> let's <target> know that he/she needs food, badly.
<player> needs food, badly.
Introduce
<player> introduces <target> to you.  Welcome!
<player> introduces himself/herself.  Hi there!
Jk
<player> let's <target> know that he/she was JUST KIDDING!
<player> was JUST KIDDING!
Kneel
<player> kneels before <target> in humility and reverence.
<player> feels righteous, and maybe a little foolish.
Lost
<player> let's <target> know that he/she is lost!
<player> lets everyone know he/she is lost!
Massage
<player> gently massages <target>'s shoulders.
<player> looks around for someone to message.
Moan
<player> moans at <target>.
<player> starts to moan.
Mourn
<player> holds his/her head down and mourns the loss of <target>.
<player> hold his/her head down and mourns the loss of the dead.
Nod
<player> nods.

Panic
<player> screams in panic.

Peer
<player> peers at <target>, looking him/her up and down.
<player> peers around intently.
Plead
<player> pleads with <target> desperately.
<player> pleads with everyone around him/her.
Point
<player> points at <target>.  Yeah, you!
<player> points <direction based on sense heading>.
Ponder
<player> ponders <target> -- what's going on with <target>?
<player> ponders over matters as they appear at this moment.
Puzzle
<player> looks at <target>, unsure of what he/she meant.
<player> looks puzzled.
Raise
<player> looks at <target>, raising his/her hand.
<player> raises his/her hand.
Ready
<player> asks <target> if he/she is ready.
<player> lets everyone know he/she is ready!.
Roar
A low rumble emits from deep within <player>'s as he roars at <target>.
A low rumble emits from deep within <player> and he roars like a lion!
Rofl
<player> rolls on the floor laughing.

Salute
<player> snaps to attention, saluting <target> briskly.
<player> salutes the gods in admiration of the amazing world around him/her!
Shiver
<player> shivers at the thought of messing with <target>.
Brrrrrrrrr. <player> shivers.
Shrug
<player> shrugs at <target>.
<player> shrugs unknowingly.
Sigh
<player> sighs at <target>.
<player> sighs, clearly disappointed.
Smirk
<player> smirks mischievously at <target>.
<player> smirks mischievously.
Snarl
<player> snarls meanly at <target>.
<player> bares his/her teeth in a terrible snarl
Snicker
<player> snickers softly at <target>.
<player> snickers softly.
Stare
<player> stares dreamily at <target>, completely lost in his/her eyes.
<player> stares at the sky.
Tap
<player> taps his/her feet as he looks at <target> impatiently.
<player> taps his feet, impatiently.
Tease
<player> teases <target> mercilessly. 
<player> looks around, trying to find someone to tease.
Thank
<player> thanks <target> heartily.
<player> thanks everyone!
Thirsty
<player> let's <target> know that he/she needs drink, badly.
<player> needs drink, badly!
Veto
<player> veto's <target>'s idea!
<player> veto's that idea. 
Wave
<player> waves at <target>.

Welcome
Welcome <target>!  <player> is glad you could make it!
<player> is here!
Whine
<player> whines pitifully at <target>.
<player> whines pitifully.
Whistle
<player> whistles at <target> appreciatively.
Whistling, <player> shows his appreciation.
Yawn
<player> yawns rudely in <target>'s face.
<player> open his/her mouth wide and yawns.



APPENDIX B - Errata for the EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark Manual

EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark was released with a new printed manual, which is also available for download on the main EverQuest site at www.everquest.com.  As with any static printed material associated with dynamic games such as EverQuest, information has a potential to be outdated.

In addition to some obsolete information included in the manual, there were also several inaccuracies. These are listed below.  Please refer to your printed or downloaded manual so that the comments may be taken in context.

Player Corpse Decay Times

p.20: The bottom half of this page outlines corpse decay times based upon level and login status.  The times provided are incorrect. The player-corpse decay times are as follows.  Please note that all times are in real time, not game time:

Level 1 - 5:	30 minutes
Level 6+: 	24 hours of online time, or 1 week of offline time, whichever comes first.

Empty corpses (with no items) have a different timer than those with items:

Level 1 - 29:  3 minutes
Level 30+  :  3 hours (total, online or offline).

*Note:  It is best advised to get your corpse right away.  Also note that when considering corpses that are not empty one-hour in game is the same as seven hours out of game, and that the timer on a corpse ticks down whether you are in game or not.  If you have a level 12 corpse with items on it in the game and spend 12 hours playing and 3.5 days out of game, that corpse will be gone.  Also, be advised that leaving your computer at the character select screen or play on another character on that same account counts as time in game as it relates to the corpse decay timer.

Character Creation

p.24: The starting city for the Iksar is listed as New Sebilis.  It should be noted that New Sebilis is also known as Cabilis.

Sitting and Camping

p.34: The "Jargon Note" makes reference to player-killers lingering around another player-killers regeneration point (bind point, where they return after death) in order to attack them again.  It should be noted that this tactic (called "Bind Point Camping") is considered un-sportsmanlike conduct in Player-versus-Player combat, and is against the rules.

Safe vs. Dangerous Locations

p.35: Section should read:

As a new player, stick to the cities - they're relatively free of monsters, and other players can't kill you.  (You have to become a player-killer, or PK, to give other player-killers "permission" to attack you.  You do this by giving a Priest of Discord the Child of Discord book in your inventory.)  If someone attacks you in the city, regardless of your PK status, numerous guards may immediately come to the rescue, providing that they are fond of you.  Beware though, if the guards are fond of your attacker, and are not fond of you, they may choose to assist your enemy.

*Note: Changes to the original text are in bold text.

"Feeling Out" Strangers

p.40:  It is stated that you cannot "consider" a merchant.  You can, but you must use the "Consider" key ("C" by default) or type /consider on the command line.

Skills and Combat: Skills

p.49: The next-to-last paragraph on this page reads, "You can have anywhere from 0 to 100 points in any skill, and it takes 10 skill points to get each next higher skill ranking".  This section is incorrect.  This section should read:

Skill values start at 0 and go up from there.  The maximum value of any skill is 250, however the maximum that you will be able to obtain is dependent upon your level, race, and class.  Upon reaching a skill level of 100 in any skill, you are considered a master of that skill.  Though you will continue to gain skill points as you use the skill, the highest that will be reflected on the skill page is "Master".

If your skill is over 100 you will also be shown the numeric value of your skill.

p.52: The "Tiger Claw" skill is listed under "Other Skills".  It should be listed under "Combat Skills" on p.51.

Party Experience

p.54:  This should specify that additional experience is granted with every kill based upon the number of people in your group.

Before You Attack

p.56: The bottom of this page references text color associated with "Considering" your target.  The procession of text colors listed is: Green, Blue, Yellow, White, Red.  The correct procession is: Green, Blue, White/Black (depending on video mode), Yellow, Red.  The listed descriptions apply in that order.

Right Hand vs. Left Hand

p.58:  This section makes several references to separate "auto-attack" keys for the right and left hands.  These functions were merged prior to the release of EverQuest, and are now controlled by a single auto-attack button (the "A" key by default).  

PvP: Fighting Other Players

p.67: The second bullet-point makes reference to the "Child of Order" book.  The correct name for the item is the "Tome of Order and Discord".

p.67:  The last line reads, "If you attack another player in the city, the guards immediately attack and kill you."  Please refer to the correction for p.35 above for the correct information.

Reclaiming Items

p.69: This section states that you can give someone permission to loot your corpse by typing /loot followed by the player's name.  The command given is incorrect.  The actual command is /consent.  Please read the section about /consent above so that you may be aware of the possible dangers associated with it.

Participating in Parties

p.76:  It is stated that, "Only people of similar experience levels can join a party.  A level 11 of 9 character can join a 10th level adventurer's party, but a level 30 player can't - even if everyone agrees to it."  This information is incorrect.  Any player can group with any other, however the amount of experience received while adventuring is associated to the level spread of the party members.  As a general rule, you will receive the most experience from a group that has the ability to accomplish the task at hand, but is not overpowered to the point that encounters are no longer challenging.  

Guild Halls

p.78: "Some of the larger player-created guilds may purchase halls as well".  This information is incorrect.  Players may not purchase guild halls, houses, etc., in EverQuest.

Contacting a Game Master

p.94: The bottom of this page makes reference to the commands of "/who Guides" and "/who GM-Admins all".  Neither of these commands exist.  You should use "/who gm all" to get a list of all visible GMs and Guides in game.  Furthermore, the description of a Guide is incorrect.  A Guide is a volunteer CS representative that serves as the first line of support for customers in game.  They can assist with most issues, however will not be able to give you hints or other information that is meant to be discovered in game.

Guide program information and application location

If you feel the EverQuest Guide program is something you would like to do, you are invited to go to http://guideapp.everquest.com to apply.  We ask a little of your time, but the benefits you can bring to Norrath are grand.  Please follow this link if you would like to get information on the EverQuest Guide Program: http://everquest.station.sony.com/support/policies/guide_faq.jsp

A few things to remember:
* You must have an active EverQuest account that is in good standing.
* You must be 18 years of age or older.
* Another person can not share your account.
* You need to have good communication skills.
* Positive attitude leads to positive results.
* Ability to participate as a team member is necessary.

The EverQuest Guide Program


APPENDIX C - New Commands and eqclient.ini settings for Shadows of Luclin

/facepick - this command brings up an interface that allows you to choose a new face for your character using the new models for Shadows of Luclin.  You must have the Luclin character model enabled for the race of the characters whose face you are trying to change. 

Note:  This command will be reusable for a while after the release of Luclin.  However, soon after release this will become a one time only command, meaning that you will only be able to change your character's face once.  Please read patch messages for an announcement on the date of this change.

/dismount (Luclin Only) - This command allows your character to dismount from a horse if for some reason he has lost the ability to do so using the bridle.  There is no /mount command, only the bridle will allow you to mount a horse.

New eqclient.ini information:  There are new lines in the eqclient.ini file for use with the Shadows of Luclin expansion.  The majority of these settings are for use when deciding to turn off some or all of the new character models.  This may be something that you need to do if your computer does not meet the suggested specifications in order to improve the performance of EverQuest.

UseLuclinHumanMale=true
UseLuclinHumanFemale=true
UseLuclinBarbarianMale=true
UseLuclinBarbarianFemale=true
UseLuclinEruditeMale=true
UseLuclinEruditeFemale=true
UseLuclinWoodElfMale=true
UseLuclinWoodElfFemale=true
UseLuclinHighElfMale=true
UseLuclinHighElfFemale=true
UseLuclinDarkElfMale=true
UseLuclinDarkElfFemale=true
UseLuclinHalfElfMale=true
UseLuclinHalfElfFemale=true
UseLuclinDwarfMale=true
UseLuclinDwarfFemale=true
UseLuclinTrollMale=true
UseLuclinTrollFemale=true
UseLuclinOgreMale=true
UseLuclinOgreFemale=true
UseLuclinHalflingMale=true
UseLuclinHalflingFemale=true
UseLuclinGnomeMale=true
UseLuclinGnomeFemale=true
UseLuclinIksarMale=true
UseLuclinIksarFemale=true
UseLuclinElementals=true

Each of these lines can be used to tell the game to load or not to load specific models from the Shadows of Luclin expansion.  Each model requires some system resources, so turning some or all of them off might improve the performance of the game.

Note:  If you have a character model turned off (using the old graphics) you will not be able to see any character of that type on a horse.  Because the old models can not ride horses, turning off the new model for a certain race/sex also turns off the ability to see them riding horses.

This line in the eqclient.ini file:

LoadSocialAnimations=true

Turns on or off the new Shadows of Luclin character social animations.  These animations also use up system resources, and turning them off might improve the performance of the game.  However, if you turn them off you will not see any social animations for characters that you are displaying as new models.  This includes things like /wave and /point animations.


APPENDIX D - Alternate Advancement for Shadows of Luclin

Alternate Advancement

The alternative advancement system allows anyone who has purchased and installed EverQuest(r): Shadows of Luclin to further customize their high level (51+) characters. Customized features include things such as minor permanent statistic and resistance boosts, unique skills based on your class (warrior, magician, etc.) or archetype (fighter, magic user, and priest), and general skills available to everyone. These skills include anything from enhanced metabolism to improvements in skills already available to your class.  You can also gain a title for your character based on the choices you make when enhancing your character.  These titles will be visible to other players. 

Gaining these alternate skills and powers will require the expenditure of experience points.  You will be able to funnel incoming experience either into your alternative advancement pool or into your standard experience pool. You can even choose to have a percentage of your incoming experience go into each pool.  Once enough experience has entered the alternative advancement pool, you will receive skill points that may be used to acquiring your enhancements. When you acquire the proper amount of training points, you will have the option of choosing which enhancement you wish to gain.  Some enhancements may have prerequisites.  A prerequisite is a skill or skills that you will need to obtain before you can get the enhancement.

Experience loss due to death suffered by the character will be taken from the "Leveling" experience pool, it will not impact your alternative advancement pool.

You can access the Alternate Advancement menu by clicking on the ADV button in the inventory screen.

Note:  All characters will be able to open the interface screen for Alternate Advancement.  But only those that actually purchase the Shadows of Luclin expansion will be able to earn any of these abilities.

Also Note:  EverQuest is an evolving game.  We may add new abilities or change existing ones at a future date.  We will, of course, attempt to keep changes to a minimum and will update this document to reflect such changes.

Unlocking Archetypes and Class Abilities:

There are three types of Alternate Abilities:  General, Archetype and Class Abilities.  Each is a stepping stone for the next.  Attaining a certain number of General abilities is required before you can learn any abilities from your Archetype.  Similarly, you will have to attain a prerequisite number of abilities from your Archetype to start gaining abilities from your Class group.   There are also level requirements for each of these levels.  Keep in mind that you can't gain any of these abilities unless you own Shadows of Luclin.

These requirements are in addition to any prerequisites needed for some abilities.

General abilities:  A character must be level 51 or higher to open up the General abilities.
Archetype abilities:  A character must have spent six skill points on General abilities and be 55th level or higher to open up the Archetype abilities.
Class abilities:  A character must have spent twelve skill points on Archetype abilities and be 59th level or higher to open up the Class abilities.

Skill Levels and skill points:

Once you have gained enough experience points toward alternate advancement (enough to fill the experience bar) you will earn one skill point.  It is these skill points that allow you to purchase alternate advancement abilities.  Each ability will require a certain number of skill points to purchase one skill level with that ability.

Every ability available through the Alternate Advancement system has a skill level associated with it.  For many of these abilities there is only one skill level, meaning that once you purchase the ability you have attained all the skill available for that ability.  But several abilities have more than one skill level.  Gaining a second or third (or more) skill level in an ability will improve that ability.  However, it is important to note that a second skill level is usually more costly than the first, and the third more costly than the second.  That expense is rewarded, however.  If additional skill levels cost more, the skill level also means a greater increase in the power of that ability.

Let's look at two examples:

Improved Natural Strength has five skill levels.  However, each skill level for this ability costs one skill point.  Each time you raise your skill level with this ability you gain two points of strength.

Healing Adept (from the Priest Archetype) has three skill levels.  Each skill level costs progressively more skill points.  The first skill level costs two skill points for a 2% improvement in healing spells.  The second skill level costs four points, but improves that percentage to 5%.  The third skill level costs six skill points, but raises the percentage to 10%.

Titles:

Upon attaining enough skill ranks with the Abilities of each type (General, Archetype and Class), characters will be granted a title to show their efforts.  The title for anyone meeting the requirements for General Abilities will be given the title Baron or Baroness.  Other titles will be given as the character progresses through their alternate advancement, but we don't want to spoil the fun by giving them all away here.

Ability Types:

There are two types of abilities, passive and active.

Passive abilities are always on and always have effect.  Most abilities are passive.  In fact, all General and all Archetype Abilities are passive.

Active abilities need to be triggered by the player.  Every active ability has a Refresh Timer associated with it.  This indicates how long it will be after using the ability before it can be used again.  Refresh Timers are given with two times, in game time and real life time.  For every minute that passes in the real world, 20 minutes passes in the game world. 


General Abilities

The General abilities are available to any character level 51 and above that has the Shadows of Luclin expansion.  All General Abilities are Passive.

Every skill level for every General ability costs one skill point.

Improved Natural Strength:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this ability increases the character's base Strength by two points.

Improved Natural Stamina:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this ability increases the character's base Stamina by two points.

Improved Natural Agility:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this ability increases the character's base Agility by two points.

Improved Natural Dexterity:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this ability increases the character's base Dexterity by two points.

Improved Natural Intelligence:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this ability increases the character's base Intelligence by two points.

Improved Natural Wisdom:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this ability increases the character's base Wisdom by two points.

Improved Natural Charisma:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this ability increases the character's base Charisma by two points.

Improved Natural Fire Resistance:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this ability increases the character's base resistance to fire by two points.

Improved Natural Cold Resistance:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this ability increases the character's base resistance to cold by two points.

Improved Natural Magic Resistance:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this ability increases the character's base resistance to magic by two points.

Improved Natural Poison Resistance:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this ability increases the character's base resistance to poison by two points.

Improved Natural Disease Resistance:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this ability increases the character's base resistance to disease by two points.

First Aid:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level increases the maximum percentage of healing that the character can grant using the Bind Wound skill.  The first skill level will increase the maximum by 10%, the second by 20% and the third by 30%.

Improved Natural Run Speed:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level will increase the character's base run speed.  This increase only adds to the character's natural running speed, it will not function with any other speed increase such as Spirit of Wolf or riding a horse.

Improved Natural Lung Capacity:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level increases the time that the character can hold his breath.  The first skill level improves lung capacity by 10%, the second by 25% and the third by 50%.

Improved Natural Metabolism:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces the character's need for food and water.  The first skill level reduces the consumption of food by 10%, the second by 25% and the third by 50%.

Improved Natural Regeneration:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level improves the character's ability to heal.  Each skill level increases the character's base regeneration by one point every six seconds.

Archetype Abilities

The Archetype abilities are available only characters level 55 and above that have spent six skill points on General Abilities.  There are three Archetypes - Caster, Melee and Priest.

Enchanters, Magicians, Necromancers and Wizards can choose abilities from the Caster Archetype.
Monks, Rogues and Warriors can choose abilities from the Melee Archetype.
Clerics, Druids and Shaman can choose abilities from the Priest Archetype.

Hybrids can choose their abilities from the Archetypes of both of their parent classes (with a few abilities excepted).

Paladins, Rangers and Beastlords receive both Priest and Melee Archetypes
Bards and Shadowknights receive both Melee and Caster Archetypes.


Important Note:  Some Archetype abilities are restricted and can only be acquired by certain classes.  For example, Spell Casting Mastery improves the use of specialization skills.  Hybrids don't get specialization, therefore they can not gain the Archetype Ability to enhance specialization.  Other restrictions will be listed in the skill description.


Caster Archetype Abilities

Abilities from this Archetype are available to Enchanters, Magicians, Necromancers and Wizards, as well as Bards and Shadowknights.  The first skill level of each Archetype ability costs two skill points.  The second skill level of each Archetype ability costs four skill points.  The third skill level of each Archetype ability costs six skill points.  All Archetype abilities are passive.


Channeling Focus:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces the chances of spell interruption due to damage or movement.  The first skill level reduces the chance of interruption but 5%, the second skill level increases the reduction to 10% and the third brings the reduction to 15%.

Mental Clarity:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level improves the character's ability to recover mana.  Each skill level increases the character's base mana recovery by one point every six seconds.

Spell Casting Deftness: (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces the casting time for beneficial spells with a casting time greater than four seconds.  The first skill level reduces the casting time of these beneficial spells by 5%, the second skill level increases the reduction to 15% and the third brings the decrease to 25%. Bards can not gain this Archetype Ability because they do not have 'casting times' over four seconds.

Spell Casting Expertise:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level negates any chance of spell failure (fizzle) for spells of a certain level.  The first skill level prevents failure of spells under 20th level, the second skill level prevents failure of spells under 35th level and the third prevents failure of spells under 52nd level.

Spell Casting Fury:  (3 skill levels) - Gives the caster the ability to do 'critical' damage with direct damage spells.  Each skill level increases the chance to do critical damage with a direct damage spell.  The first skill level gives a 2% chance for critical damage, the second increases the chance to 4% and the third increases the change to 7%.

Spell Casting Mastery:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill increases the caster's chance of successfully using his specialization skill for the spell he is casting.  This works for all spell types.  The result is a reduced chance of spell failure (fizzle) and a greater chance of a reduction of the mana cost for the spell.  The increase in the caster's chance to successfully use his specialization is 5% for the first skill level, 15% for the second skill level and 30% for the third skill level.  Hybrids can not gain this ability because they do not have the specialization skill.

Spell Casting Reinforcement:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level increases the duration of caster's "buff" spells.  The first skill level increases the duration of buffs by 5%, the second raises the increase to 15% and the third raises the increase to 30%.  The only Caster that can gain this ability are Enchanters.

Spell Casting Subtlety:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces the amount of attention casting spells generates for the caster.  The first skill level reduces the amount of 'hate' generated by spell casting by 5%, the second skill level improves the 'hate' reduction to 10% and the third improves the 'hate' reduction to 20%.


Melee Archetype Abilities

Abilities from this Archetype are available to Monks, Rogues and Warriors, as well as Bards, Beastlords, Paladins, Rangers and Shadowknights.  The first skill level of each Archetype ability costs two skill points.  The second skill level of each Archetype ability costs four skill points.  The third skill level of each Archetype ability costs six skill points.  All Archetype abilities are passive.


Combat Agility:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level gives the character an increased chance to avoid being hit in combat (damage avoidance).  The first skill level increases the character's ability to avoid being hit by 2%, the second skill level raises the damage avoidance increase to 5% and the third raises the increase to 10%.

Combat Fury:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level increases the character's chance for a critical hit (or grants a percentage where none exists).  With all three skill levels, non-warriors will approach the basic ability to critical that warriors have.  But a warrior with three levels of this skill will retain his a significantly greater chance to critical than any other class.

Combat Stability:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level gives the character an increased ability to reduce the damage he takes in combat (damage mitigation).  The first skill level increases the character's damage mitigation by 2%, the second skill level raises the damage mitigation increase to 5% and the third raises the increase to 10%.

Fear Resistance:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level increases the character's resistance to fear affects.  The first skill level increases the character's resistance to fear by 5%, the second skill level raises the character's added resistance to 10% and the third raises the increase to 25%.  This ability also increases the character's chance to break out of fear once it has taken hold.

Finishing Blow:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level gives the character a chance to kill an opponent with a single blow.  The opponent must be fleeing and must have less than 10% of their hit points remaining.  The first skill level grants a 1% chance for a finishing blow, the second skill level raises the chance for a killing blow to 2% and the third raises the chance to 5%.  Note:  classes without a natural chance to critical - which is all classes but warriors - will need to gain at least one skill level of Combat Fury for this ability to work.

Improved Natural Durability:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level increases the character's natural hit points (hit point total without any buffs or magic items).  The first skill level increases the character's hit points by 2%, the second skill level raises the hit point increase to 5% and the third raises the increase to 10%.

Natural Healing:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level improves the character's ability to heal.  Each skill level increases the character's base regeneration by one point every six seconds.  This healing is in addition to the increase gained from Improved Natural Regeneration and any natural bonuses to regeneration due to race.


Priest Archetype Abilities

Abilities from this Archetype are available to Clerics, Druids and Shaman, as well as Beastlords, Paladins and Rangers.  The first skill level of each Archetype ability costs two skill points.  The second skill level of each Archetype ability costs four skill points.  The third skill level of each Archetype ability costs six skill points.  All Archetype abilities are passive.


Channeling Focus:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces the chances of spell interruption due to damage or movement.  The first skill level reduces the chance of interruption but 5%, the second skill level increases the reduction to 10% and the third brings the reduction to 15%.

Healing Adept:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level improves the character's effectiveness with instant effect healing spells.  The first skill level increases the effectiveness of the character's healing spells by 2%, the second skill level raises the healing increase to 5% and the third raises the increase to 10%.

Healing Gift:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level gives the character a chance for a 'critical' healing effect when casting instant effect healing spells.  A critical effect will double the healing granted by the spell.  The first skill level grants a 3% chance for a critical healing spell, the second skill level raises the critical healing chance to 6% and the third raises the chance to 10%.

Mental Clarity:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level improves the character's ability to recover mana.  Each skill level increases the character's base mana recovery by one point every six seconds.

Spell Casting Fury:  (3 skill levels) - Gives the caster the ability to do 'critical' damage with direct damage spells.  Each skill level increases the chance to do critical damage with a direct damage spell.  The first skill level gives a 2% chance for critical damage, the second increases the chance to 4% and the third increases the change to 7%.

Spell Casting Mastery:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill increases the caster's chance of successfully using his specialization skill for the spell he is casting.  This works for all spell types.  The result is a reduced chance of spell failure (fizzle) and a greater chance of a reduction of the mana cost for the spell.  The increase in the caster's chance to successfully use his specialization is 5% for the first skill level, 15% for the second skill level and 30% for the third skill level.  Hybrids can not gain this ability because they do not have the specialization skill.

Spell Casting Reinforcement:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level increases the duration of caster's "buff" spells.  The first skill level increases the duration of buffs by 5%, the second raises the increase to 15% and the third raises the increase to 30%.


Class Abilities

The Class abilities are only available to characters level 59 and above that have spent twelve skill points to purchase Archetype Abilities.  Obviously a character can only choose Class Abilities belonging to their class.

There are two types of Class ability.  The first type is similar to the Archetype abilities, with three skill levels.  The cost for those types of skills are always the same.  The first skill level of these Class abilities cost three skill points.  The second skill level costs six skill points.  The third skill level costs nine skill points.

The second type of Class ability only has one skill level.  However, that one skill level costs a different number of skill points for each ability.  The skill point cost for each of these abilities is shown in the ability description.

All Class Abilities are passive unless a refresh time is shown.


Bard Class Abilities

Acrobatics:  (3 skill levels) - This ability reduces the amount of damage that the Bard takes from falling.  Each skill level increases the damage reduction.
 
Adv. Trap Negotiation:  (3 skill levels) - This ability reduces the Refresh Timer for the Bard's Sense Traps and Disarm Traps skills, making those skills available sooner after use.  Each successive skill level further reduces the time needed between uses of these skills.

Ambidexterity:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability makes the Bard more skilled with the use of two weapons by increasing his chance to successfully dual wield.

Body and Mind Rejuvenation:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points - Prerequisite:  3 skill levels of both Melee Archetype abilities Natural Healing and Mental Clarity) - This ability gives the Bard one additional skill level of both Mental Clarity and Improved Natural Healing.

Extended Notes:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level increases the range that the Bard's group songs can reach.  The first skill level increases the range of the Bard's group songs by 10%, the second raises the range increase to 15% and the third makes the increase 25%.

Instrument Mastery:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level increases the Bards skill with all instruments, even beyond the normal limitations.

Jam Fest:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level of this ability increases the effective level of the Bard with songs that use level in their calculation (for example, some songs calculate their damage based on the bard's level).  Note:  this does not allow the Bard to sing songs above his level.

Physical Enhancement:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Bard one additional skill level in their Natural Durability, Combat Agility and Combat Stability abilities.

Scribble Notes:  (1 skill level - cost 3 skill points) - This ability reduces the time required for the Bard to memorize songs by about 50%.

Singing Mastery:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level increases the Bards skill when singing, even beyond the normal limitations.

Beastlord Class Abilities

Ambidexterity:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability makes the Beastlord more skilled with the use of two weapons by increasing his chance to successfully dual wield.

Body and Mind Rejuvenation:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points - Prerequisite:  3 skill levels of both Melee Archetype abilities Natural Healing and Mental Clarity) - This ability gives the Beastlord one additional skill level of both Mental Clarity and Improved Natural Healing.

Double Riposte:  (3 skill levels) - This ability gives the Beastlord a chance for a double riposte any time he successfully ripostes.  The first skill level gives the Beastlord a 15% chance for a Double Riposte, the second skill level raises that chance to 30% and the third skill level makes the chance 50%.

Pet Discipline:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability allows the Beastlord to better control his warder.  The command "/pet hold" will prevent the warder from attacking any foe, even if that foe attacks the warder or its master.  The warder will remain passive until given another command.

Physical Enhancement:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Beastlord one additional skill level in their Natural Durability, Combat Agility and Combat Stability abilities.

Cleric Class Abilities

Bestow Divine Aura:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability gives the Cleric the power to cast the spell Divine Aura on another character without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 144 minutes (two days of game time).

Celestial Regeneration:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Priest Archetype ability Healing Gift) - This ability gives the Cleric the power to generate a large heal over time effect on a single target without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Divine Resurrection: (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Priest Archetype ability Healing Gift) - This ability gives the Cleric the power to raise the dead completely (restoring all experience) without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  The Refresh Timer on this ability is 4,320 minutes (60 days of game time).

Innate Invisibility to Undead:  (1 skill level - cost 3 skill points) - This ability gives the Cleric the power become invisible to undead without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  The Refresh Timer on this ability is 7 seconds (less than one second of game time).

Mass Group Buff:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability gives the Cleric the power to make his next group buff spell into an area of affect spell.  The spell would benefit everyone in the area, not just the caster's group.  This Ability causes the spell to use up to as much as twice as much mana.  It will require at least the normal casting cost, and will use up to as much as twice the mana if the caster has that much available.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Purify Soul:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points - Prerequisite: - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Priest Archetype ability Healing Gift) - This ability gives the Cleric the power to remove all negative affects such as poison, disease, damage over time spells (excluding charm, fear and resurrection effects) from the target without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Spell Casting Reinforcement Mastery:  (1 skill level - cost 8 skill points - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Priest Archetype ability Spell Casting Reinforcement) - This ability raises the increased duration granted by Spell Casting Reinforcement to 50%.

Turn Undead:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level gives the Cleric increasing power to destroy and frighten undead in an area without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  This ability produces and area of effect fear and damage over time spell that increases in damage with each skill level.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Druid Class Abilities

Dire Charm:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability allows the Druid to charm an NPC without fear that the NPC will break the charm (charm will end only when the Druid leaves the zone or logs out) without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  All of the usual restriction for charm spells along with a few others apply to this skill, except in regards to duration.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Enhanced Root:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Druid a 50% reduction to the chance that his direct damage spells will break the hold of root spells on his target.

Exodus:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability gives the Druid the power to cast the spell Succor instantly and without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure or mana.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Innate Camouflage:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Druid the power to hide when outdoors.  This works much like the invisibility spell, but with an unlimited duration.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 1 second (1/20th of a second of game time).

Mass Group Buff:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability gives the Druid the power to make his next group buff spell into an area of affect spell.  The spell would benefit everyone in the area, not just the caster's group.  This Ability causes the spell to use up to as much as twice as much mana.  It will require at least the normal casting cost, and will use up to as much as twice the mana if the caster has that much available.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Quick Direct Damage:  (3 skill levels - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Priest Archetype ability Spell Casting Fury) - Each skill level reduces the casting time of direct damage spells.  The first skill level reduces the casting time of direct damage spells by 2%, the second skill level makes the reduction 5% and the third makes the reduction 10%.

Quick Evacuation:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces the casting time for evacuation spells.  The first skill level reduces the casting time of evacuation spells by 10%, the second skill level makes the reduction 25% and the third makes the reduction 50%.

Spell Casting Reinforcement Mastery:  (1 skill level - cost 8 skill points - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Priest Archetype ability Spell Casting Reinforcement) - This ability raises the increased duration granted by Spell Casting Reinforcement to 50%.

Enchanter Class Abilities

Dire Charm:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability allows the Druid to charm an NPC without fear that the NPC will break the charm (charm will end only when the Druid leaves the zone or logs out) without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  All of the usual restriction for charm spells apply to this ability as well, except in regards to duration.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Gather Mana:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points - Prerequisite:  3 skill levels of the Caster Archetype ability Mental Clarity) - This ability allows the Enchanter to instantly regain all of his lost mana.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 144 minutes (two days of game time).

Jewel Craft Mastery:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces the chance of failure when using the jewel craft skill.  The first skill level reduces the failure chance by 10%, the second skill level raises the reduction to 25% and the third skill level raises the reduction to 50%.

Mass Group Buff:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability gives the Enchanter the power to make his next group buff spell into an area of affect spell.  The spell would benefit everyone in the area, not just the caster's group.  This Ability causes the spell to use up to as much as twice as much mana.  It will require at least the normal casting cost, and will use up to as much as twice the mana if the caster has that much available.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Permanent Illusion:  (1 skill level - cost 3 skill points) - This ability allows the Enchanter's illusions to stay up when zoning.

Quick Buff:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces the casting time for beneficial buff spells with a duration.  Some spells may be specifically excluded from benefiting by this ability.  The first skill level reduces casting times on buff spells by 10%, the second skill level makes the reduction 25% and the third makes the reduction 50%.

Spell Casting Reinforcement Mastery:  (1 skill level - cost 8 skill points - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Caster Archetype ability Spell Casting Reinforcement) - This ability raises the increased duration granted by Spell Casting Reinforcement to 50%.

Magician Class Abilities

Elemental Form:  (3 skill levels) - This ability allows the Magician to transform himself into an elemental form.  The Magician will be required to attune himself to a single element, and will not be able to attune himself to the others once he has done so.  This means that the Magician will only get to choose one of the four elemental forms (Air, Earth, Fire or Water).  Each form has three skill levels, each level granting the Magician greater abilities when in that form.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 1 second (about 1/20th of a second game time).

Elemental Pact:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Magician the power to summon pets without the use of components.

Frenzied Burnout:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability give the Magician the power to drive their pet to extreme aggressiveness, so much so that the pet will literally explode after a short time at such a frenzied pace.  The explosion will cause damage to anyone near.  The forceful expulsion of the elemental pet will disrupt magic in the area as well.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Improved Reclaim Energy:  (1 skill level - cost 3 skill points) - This ability improves the Magician's ability to regain energy from their pets when sending them away.  Any time the Magician with this ability casts Reclaim Energy he will regain almost all of the mana expended during the summoning of that pet.

Mass Group Buff:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability gives the Magician the power to make his next group buff spell into an area of affect spell.  The spell would benefit everyone in the area, not just the caster's group.  This Ability causes the spell to use up to as much as twice as much mana.  It will require at least the normal casting cost, and will use up to as much as twice the mana if the caster has that much available.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Mend Companion:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Magician the power to completely heal his own pet.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 144 minutes (two days of game time).

Pet Discipline:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability allows the Magician to better control his pet.  The command "/pet hold" will prevent the pet from attacking any foe, even if that foe attacks the pet or its master.  The pet will remain passive until given another command.

Quick Summoning:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces the casting time of conjuration spells.  The first skill level reduces the casting time of conjuration spells by 10%, the second skill level makes the reduction 25% and the third makes the reduction 50%.

Turn Summoned:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Magician the power to dismiss all summoned creatures within an area. .  This ability produces and area of effect fear and damage over time spell that only affects summoned creatures.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Monk Class Abilities

Acrobatics:  (3 skill levels) - This ability reduces the amount of damage that the Bard takes from falling.  Each skill level increases the damage reduction.

Ambidexterity:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability makes the Monk more skilled with the use of two weapons by increasing his chance to successfully dual wield.

Critical Mend:  (3 skill levels - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the General ability First Aid) - This ability gives the Monk a chance to perform a 'critical' Mend, generating twice the healing.  The first skill level gives the Monk a 5% chance for a critical mend, the second skill level raises the chance to 10% and the third skill level raises the chance to 25%.

Double Riposte:  (3 skill levels) - This ability gives the Monk a chance for a double riposte any time he successfully ripostes.  The first skill level gives the Monk a 15% chance for a Double Riposte, the second skill level raises that chance to 30% and the third skill level makes the chance 50%.

Dragon Punch:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Monk a chance to produce a knockback effect when striking with a Dragon Punch.  This ability works in the same way that an item 'proc' works.

Purify Body:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability gives the Monk the power to remove all negative affects (such as poison, disease, damage over time spells - but excluding charm, fear and resurrection effects) from himself.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Rapid Feign:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level in this ability decreases the reuse timer for the Monk's Feign Death ability.  The first skill level in this ability reduces the reuse timer by 10%, the second raises the reduction to 25% and the third makes the reduction 50%.

Return Kick:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level in this ability gives the Monk a chance to do a flying kick on ripostes in addition to the normal riposte.  The first skill level with this ability gives the Monk a 25% chance of a Return Kick, the second skill level raises that chance to 35% and the third raises the chance to 50%.

Necromancer Class Abilities

Call to Corpse:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability gives the Necromancer the power to summon a corpse without the use of components or memorization of a spell.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Dead Mesmerization:  (1 skill level - cost 3 skill points) - This ability gives the Necromancer the power to confuse undead in an area without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  The effect is a low resist mesmerization spell that only works against undead.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Dire Charm:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability allows the Necromancer to charm an NPC without fear that the NPC will break the charm (charm will end only when the Necromancer leaves the zone or logs out) without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  All of the usual restriction for charm spells apply to this ability as well, except in regards to duration.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Fearstorm:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Necromancer the power to cause fear to all within an area.  This ability acts like a low resistance area of affect fear spell.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Flesh to Bone:  (1 skill level - cost 3 skill points) - This ability gives the Necromancer the power to burn the flesh from chunks of meat in order to obtain bones from which to summon his undead allies.  This ability will allow the Necromancer to turn meat items (chunk of meat, gator meat, etc) into bone chips without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  The meat item must be held on the cursor when this ability is used.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 7 seconds (less than one second of game time).

Innate Invisibility to Undead:  (1 skill level - cost 3 skill points) - This ability gives the Cleric the power become invisible to undead without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  The Refresh Timer on this ability is 7 seconds (less than one second of game time).

Lifeburn:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability gives the Necromancer the power to convert his own life force into power and direct that power at his.  The ability expends all of the Necromancer's hit points in order to cause the target to take the same amount of damage with no chance to resist.  It also places a life bond effect on the Necromancer that does 250 points of damage for six 'ticks'.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 144 minutes (two days of game time).

Mass Group Buff:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability gives the Necromancer the power to make his next group buff spell into an area of affect spell.  The spell would benefit everyone in the area, not just the caster's group.  This Ability causes the spell to use up to as much as twice as much mana.  It will require at least the normal casting cost, and will use up to as much as twice the mana if the caster has that much available.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Mend Companion:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Necromancer the power to completely heal his own pet.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 144 minutes (two days of game time).

Pet Discipline:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability allows the Necromancer to better control his pet.  The command "/pet hold" will prevent the pet from attacking any foe, even if that foe attacks the pet or its master.  The pet will remain passive until given another command.

Paladin Class Abilities

2 Hand Bash:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability allows the Paladin to use his Bash skill while wielding any two-handed weapon.

Act of Valor:  (1 skill level - cost 3 skill points) - This ability allows the Paladin to sacrifice his life in order to heal another.  The Paladin can use this ability to transfer all of his remaining hit points to a member of his group.  This transfer causes the Paladin to die.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Body and Mind Rejuvenation:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points - Prerequisite:  3 skill levels of both Melee Archetype abilities Natural Healing and Mental Clarity) - This ability gives the Paladin one additional skill level of both Mental Clarity and Improved Natural Healing.

Divine Stun:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability gives the Paladin the power to use spells with a stun component to affect NPCs of levels up to 60th.  Those spells will still grant the NPC a saving throw and its normal resistances, it only raises the level limitation for stun spells to 60.	

Double Riposte:  (3 skill levels) - This ability gives the Paladin a chance for a double riposte any time he successfully ripostes.  The first skill level gives the Paladin a 15% chance for a Double Riposte, the second skill level raises that chance to 30% and the third skill level makes the chance 50%.

Fearless:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Melee Archetype ability Fear Resistance) - This ability makes the Paladin permanently immune to fear effects.

Holy Steed:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability allows the Paladin to summon the ultimate steed.

Improved Lay of Hands:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Paladin the power to heal completely with his Lay on Hands power.

Mass Group Buff:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability gives the Paladin the power to make his next group buff spell into an area of affect spell.  The spell would benefit everyone in the area, not just the caster's group.  This Ability causes the spell to use up to as much as twice as much mana.  It will require at least the normal casting cost, and will use up to as much as twice the mana if the caster has that much available.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Physical Enhancement:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Paladin one additional skill level in their Natural Durability, Combat Agility and Combat Stability abilities.

Slay Undead:  (3 skill levels -  Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Melee Archetype ability Combat Fury) - This ability turns the Paladin's critical hits into massive damage to undead.

Ranger Class Abilities

Ambidexterity:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability makes the Ranger more skilled with the use of two weapons by increasing his chance to successfully dual wield.
 
Archery Mastery:  (3 skill levels) - This ability makes the Ranger a better archer.  Each skill level can increase the damage done by the archer.  The first skill level can increase damage by as much as 30%, the second skill level makes the potential increase 60% and the third makes the potential damage increase 100%.

Body and Mind Rejuvenation:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points - Prerequisite:  3 skill levels of both Melee Archetype abilities Natural Healing and Mental Clarity) - This ability gives the Ranger one additional skill level of both Mental Clarity and Improved Natural Healing.

Double Riposte:  (3 skill levels) - This ability gives the Ranger a chance for a double riposte any time he successfully ripostes.  The first skill level gives the Ranger a 15% chance for a Double Riposte, the second skill level raises that chance to 30% and the third skill level makes the chance 50%.

Endless Quiver:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability makes it so that the Ranger will never run out of arrows.

Innate Camouflage:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Ranger the power to hide when outdoors.  This works much like the invisibility spell, but with an unlimited duration.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 1 second (1/20th of a second of game time).

Mass Group Buff:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability gives the Ranger the power to make his next group buff spell into an area of affect spell.  The spell would benefit everyone in the area, not just the caster's group.  This Ability causes the spell to use up to as much as twice as much mana.  It will require at least the normal casting cost, and will use up to as much as twice the mana if the caster has that much available.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Physical Enhancement:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Ranger one additional skill level in their Natural Durability, Combat Agility and Combat Stability abilities.

Rogue Class Abilities

Acrobatics:  (3 skill levels) - This ability reduces the amount of damage that the Bard takes from falling.  Each skill level increases the damage reduction.

Adv. Trap Negotiation:  (3 skill levels) - This ability reduces the Refresh Timer for the Bard's Sense Traps and Disarm Traps skills, making those skills available sooner after use.  Each successive skill level further reduces the time needed between uses of these skills.

Ambidexterity:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability makes the Rogue more skilled with the use of two weapons by increasing his chance to successfully dual wield.

Chaotic Stab:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability allows the Rogue to do his minimum backstab damage on any backstab attempt, even if that attempt is not made while behind the opponent.

Double Riposte:  (3 skill levels) - This ability gives the Rogue a chance for a double riposte any time he successfully ripostes.  The first skill level gives the Rogue a 15% chance for a Double Riposte, the second skill level raises that chance to 30% and the third skill level makes the chance 50%.

Escape:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability allows the Rogue to completely hide from an opponent, even one that is actively seeking him.  When using Escape, the Rogue will be removed from all 'hate lists'.  If the Rogue is also out of immediate combat he will become invisible in a way similar to his Hide skill.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Poison Mastery:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces the chance of failure when using the apply and make skills.  The first skill level removes all chances of failure when applying poison and reduces the failure chance for making poison by 10%, the second skill level raises the reduction to 25% and the third skill level raises the reduction to 50%.  This ability also reduces the time needed to apply poisons by 50%.

Purge Poison:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Rogue the power to remove all poison affects from himself.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Shadowknight Class Abilities

2 Hand Bash:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability allows the Shadowknight to use his Bash skill while wielding any two-handed weapon.

Body and Mind Rejuvenation:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points - Prerequisite:  3 skill levels of both Melee Archetype abilities Natural Healing and Mental Clarity) - This ability gives the Shadowknight one additional skill level of both Mental Clarity and Improved Natural Healing.

Double Riposte:  (3 skill levels) - This ability gives the Shadowknight a chance for a double riposte any time he successfully ripostes.  The first skill level gives the Shadowknight a 15% chance for a Double Riposte, the second skill level raises that chance to 30% and the third skill level makes the chance 50%.

Fearless:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Melee Archetype ability Fear Resistance) - This ability makes the Shadowknight permanently immune to fear effects
.
Leech Touch:   (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability gives the Shadowknight the power to use a lifetap Harm Touch that does not require the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  This ability uses the existing Harm Touch Refresh Timer.

Pet Discipline:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability allows the Shadowknight to better control his pet.  The command "/pet hold" will prevent the pet from attacking any foe, even if that foe attacks the pet or its master.  The pet will remain passive until given another command.

Physical Enhancement:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Shadowknight one additional skill level in their Natural Durability, Combat Agility and Combat Stability abilities.

Soul Abrasion:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level increases the chance damage done by their self-only Lifetap procs spells.

Super Harm Touch:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability gives the Shadowknight a Harm Touch ability so that it is hard to resist and does not require the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana. This ability uses the existing Harm Touch Refresh Timer.
 
Unholy Steed:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability allows the Shadowknight to summon the ultimate steed.

Shaman Class Abilities

Alchemy Mastery:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces the chance of failure when using the alchemy skill.  The first skill level reduces the failure chance by 10%, the second skill level raises the reduction to 25% and the third skill level raises the reduction to 50%.

Cannibalization:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points - Prerequisite:  3 skill levels of the Priest Archetype ability Mental Clarity) - Gives the Shaman the power to cast a much improved version of the Cannibalize spell line.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 69 seconds (about three seconds of game time).

Mass Group Buff:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability gives the Shaman the power to make his next group buff spell into an area of affect spell.  The spell would benefit everyone in the area, not just the caster's group.  This Ability causes the spell to use up to as much as twice as much mana.  It will require at least the normal casting cost, and will use up to as much as twice the mana if the caster has that much available.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Pet Discipline:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability allows the Shaman to better control his pet.  The command "/pet hold" will prevent the pet from attacking any foe, even if that foe attacks the pet or its master.  The pet will remain passive until given another command.

Quick Buff:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces the casting time for beneficial buff spells with a duration.  Some spells may be specifically excluded from benefiting by this ability.  The first skill level reduces casting times on buff spells by 10%, the second skill level makes the reduction 25% and the third makes the reduction 50%.

Rabid Bear:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Shaman the power to transform into a bear.  The Rabid Bear form boosts all of the Shaman's combat abilities.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 120 minutes (forty hours of game time). 

Spell Casting Reinforcement Mastery:  (1 skill level - cost 8 skill points - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Priest Archetype ability Spell Casting Reinforcement) - This ability raises the increased duration granted by Spell Casting Reinforcement to 50%.

Warrior Class Abilities

Ambidexterity:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability makes the Warrior more skilled with the use of two weapons by increasing his chance to successfully dual wield.

Area Taunt:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability allows the Warrior to taunt every opponent in close range.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 36 minutes (twelve hours of game time).

Bandage Wound:  (3 skill levels - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the General ability First Aid) - This ability allows the Warrior to use the Bind Wounds skill to greater effect.  The first skill level makes his Bind Wound skill 10% more effective, the second skill level raises the increase to 25% and the third makes the increase 50%.

Double Riposte:  (3 skill levels) - This ability gives the Warrior a chance for a double riposte any time he successfully ripostes.  The first skill level gives the Warrior a 15% chance for a Double Riposte, the second skill level raises that chance to 30% and the third skill level makes the chance 50%.

Flurry:  (3 skill levels - -  Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Melee Archetype ability Combat Fury) - This ability gives the Warrior a chance of taking two extra attacks with his primary hand whenever he successfully hits an opponent.

Rampage:   (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability allows the Warrior to make a single attack against every opponent in close range.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 36 minutes (twelve hours of game time).

Warcry:  (3 skill levels - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Melee Archetype ability Fear Resistance) - This ability allows the Warrior to make everyone in his group immune to fear for a limited time.  Each skill level with this ability increases the duration of the immunity.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Wizard Class Abilities

Exodus:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability gives the Druid the power to cast the spell Succor instantly and without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure or mana.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Improved Familiar:  (1 skill level - cost 9 skill points) - This ability improves the Wizard's familiar, making it immune to spells and resistant to melee damage.

Mana Burn:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points - Prerequisite:  3 skill levels of the Caster Archetype ability Mental Clarity) - This ability gives the Wizard the power to expend all of his remaining mana and do damage directly to the target.  The damage done is greater than the value of the mana expended and can not be resisted by the target.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 144 minutes (two days of game time).

Nexus Gate:  (1 skill level - cost 6 skill points) - This ability allows the Wizard to instantly gate to The Nexus without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).

Quick Direct Damage:  (3 skill levels - Prerequisite: 3 skill levels of the Priest Archetype ability Spell Casting Fury) - Each skill level reduces the casting time of direct damage spells.  The first skill level reduces the casting time of direct damage spells by 2%, the second skill level makes the reduction 5% and the third makes the reduction 10%.

Quick Evacuation:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces the casting time for evacuation spells.  The first skill level reduces the casting time of evacuation spells by 10%, the second skill level makes the reduction 25% and the third makes the reduction 50%.

Spell Casting Fury Mastery:  (3 skill levels - Prerequisite: - 3 skill levels of the Caster Archetype ability Spell Casting Fury) - Improves the Wizard's ability to do 'critical' damage with direct damage spells.  Each skill level increases the chance to do critical damage with a direct damage spell.

Strong Root:  (1 skill level - cost 5 skill points) - This ability gives the Wizard the power to cast a powerful root spell that is nearly irresistible without the memorization of a spell or the expenditure of mana.  The Refresh Timer for this ability is 72 minutes (one day of game time).


EverQuest is a registered trademark, and Ruins of Kunark, Scars of Velious, Shadows of Luclin and You're in Our World Now are trademarks of Sony Computer Entertainment America, Inc. (c)2000 Sony Computer Entertainment America, Inc.  All rights reserved.  Portions of this software are Copyright 1998-2001 Criterion Software Ltd. and its Licensors.

