***ANNOUNCEMENT***

Ok. We put the poll in, and with roughly 15,000 people participating the
poll came up with 83% of the people being fine with us running the check for
cheating.
DESPITE THIS POLL we have decided that it's the wrong thing to do. Enough
people have convinced us that it's chipping away a little too much at
people's privacy EVEN if they do consent for us to implement this policy.

Therefore, the change to the EULA will read as follows:

Solely for the purpose of patching and updating the Game, you hereby grant
us permission to (i) upload Game file information from the Everquest
directory and (ii) download Game files to you.

Now, before anyone wonders exactly what this is, let me explain. Technically
speaking we probably should have had this language in there from day one for
you to consent us to even download new game files to you in the first place.
We apologize for not realizing that we should have gotten this consent, but
live and learn.

We can admit when we make mistakes, and I believe this is a case where we
owe an apology to our Playerbase. In our haste to try and thwart people from
damaging the game we went overboard.

There will be absolutely no scanning of anyones computer for any reason
other than the normal patching process (which won't do any sort of checking
on what you have running).

Regards,

John Smedley
President and CEO
Verant Interactive, Inc.

March 28th, 6:00pm
----------------------------

Are you looking for a real challenge? Do you like to help people and
enjoy the camaraderie of working with a team of bright, dedicated
people. Do you want to use your insight and good judgement to serve your
fellow player? Do you hate it when a verifiable bug happens and wish you
could help? Well, now you can. The Guide team is looking for a few
communicative, cheery souls to join us. Now is your chance. If you are
over the age of 18 and have ten hours a week to volunteer, we would be
happy to hear from you.  Please apply through http://guideapp.everquest.com

Make a real difference every day. Guide!

-The EverQuest Guide Program
