Dark Age of Camelot Standards & Conventions Supplement

This document SUPPLEMENTS the NOR Guild Standards and Conventions. All members are expected to comply with this document as well as the NOR Guild Charter and NOR Guild Standards & Conventions.

I. STANDARDS 
A. The Guild EPI (Epithet) shall be in all Capital {CAPS} letters and shall follow this format:
*NOR/LD-DAoC
Where:
* = Cross (Star)
NOR = The Guild
/ = The Sword
LD = your rank
- = a separator
DAoC = your "home" Duchy (Host)
This format should be used when corresponding with a fellow NOR either by e-mail, or when posting on the NOR Bulletin Boards, except where the use of such , would interfere with a Role Play. 
( e.g.: NOR Aglavalin *NOR/LD-DAoC )

B. Names (NOR Jacket) - A NOR Jacket, "NOR <Name>," is not required for affiliation and identification to your NOR Brothers and Sisters within DAoC. With the naming convention in use by DAoC, the Guild Tag in game will suffice.
1. All characters on the roster, regardless if they are wearing a Guild Tag or not, will be subject to the Standards and Conventions of NOR and this Branch. Only one member name will be allowed on the Roster. Alternates of the same character name and persona are permitted, and must be tagged to prevent confusion. Alternate characters of different names are not considered NOR, and will not be tagged. (i.e. Aglavalin, Aglavalinn and Aglav are all the same member/persona, while an alt named Franklin is a non-NOR alt which can not be tagged.) NOR will disavow any knowledge of association between a non-NOR alternate and the guild.

II. CONVENTIONS
A. Greetings - A greeting of "HAIL *NOR/" should be given to all your fellow NOR upon meeting up. This can be done by typing "Hail *NOR/" in the Guild channel upon entry into game.
B. Party Traveling - Is part of the fun in DAoC but there are certain rules that should be followed. Party travel is at the discretion of the party forming, and depending on the situation. Individual discretion should be used at all times. 
C. Kill Stealing - Please do not attack other player's opponents unless you are asked for help or they are obviously in dire need of assistance. Jumping into a fight where you are not needed is rude, and reflects poorly on the guild.
D. Dying. You will die in this game but please try and keep track of where you are. Binding nearby to where you will be fighting is usually the best method to speed game play along, especially when in a group.

Approved by the High Council November 4 2001