Brits Invade With Superb TV - Good week to watch 'telly'
Tuesday, June 10, 1997
By: Claire Bickley of the Toronto Sun

Hail Britannia and hand me that remote.

The biggest event for TV Anglophiles is the final instalment of
Cracker, the movie series about the criminal psychologist, airing
tonight at 9 on A&E.  It's more accurate to call fans of the
gritty serial 'Fitz-ophiles,' because without Robbie Coltrane's
lead character, Cracker just wouldn't have the same crackle.

Which is to say that American actor Robert Pastorelli has his work
cut out for him trying to take Coltrane's place this fall when the
franchise is airlifted to U.S. TV as an ABC (and CTV) weekly drama.
Tonight's Cracker: White Ghost, shows the awkward effect relocation
can have.

The two-hour film finds Fitz not in Manchester but in Hong Kong,
singing a lament to criminology students and investigating a series
of murders featuring ritual humiliation in darkened locations.

There's no mystery.  We see the crimes and know the killer - the
title's white ghost, the Chinese expression for a Westerner in
trouble.  His motivation is somewhat original and there is a measure
of creeping dread as we worry over the one potential victim we come
to care about.

But having moved itself all the way to Hong Kong, this makes little
use of the location other than to pass some Pol-Sci 101 commentary
about British colonization.  The attempted paralleling of the case
and the impending hand-over to China falls absolutely flat and the
plot is rife with credulity-stretching twists.

Most importantly, taking Fitz out of his element costs him familiar
company. It reduces the important running subplot of his fractured
family life to a single phone call home from a strip bar.  The other
half of his personal life, Det. Sgt. Penhaligon, is also absent,
written off with a remark about her having been promoted and thus,
unavailable.

Although there are a few true Fitz moments - his profane bargaining
session with an oblivious, non-English speaking hotelier, his
discourse on the sexual potential of the pinky finger as compared
to the penis - he seems to have left a lot of his rowdy, randy
spirit at home.

Before White Ghost, Coltrane had said he was finished with Cracker,
but changed his mind and agreed to do this one more.

Fitz would have told him, the easiest way to go wrong is to ignore
your instincts. He was right the first time.