 -----Original Message-----
 From: "Fizzwizz"
 Sent: Thursday, August 02, 2001 6:31 AM
 To: "Yakatizma"
 Subject: Tinkering and the future
 
 
 Yakatizma, 
 
 Are there any plans to add items and recipies to Tinkering before Luclin
 comes out?  The difficulty of raising skill up to 175 is seeming dwarfed
 (should that be gnomed?) by the outrageous fortune of time, platinum, and
 luck it takes to raise past that.  To create the most useful item past
 rebreathers requires a rare drop from a haze panther.  The most I've ever
 seen in Wakening Lands at one time is two.  Is this just bad luck, or are
 they really being killed that quickly?  I doubt it.  Someone (I think it
 was you) made mention that they would be increasing the number of haze
 panthers in the zone, or the rate of eye drops.  Neither has happened as far as I
 can tell.
 
 Other items from the Greasy Diagram Book requires killing things that
 lower your faction with the Tunarean Court.  Perhaps you could implement a quest
 so that those wishing to keep their good faction could still get some of
 the items that are required, such as fawn hooves and sifay dust.  Perhaps they
 would have a use for giant toes or catapults or gemcutters!  
 
 I, and all of us in the tinkering community, would love to see a post from
 you on the state of the tradeskill, where you would like to see it go, and
 what your plans are for the future.  You could direct email back to me, or
 post to the Developer's Corner, or even to the Tinkering EZBoard at
 http://pub7.ezboard.com/bfulcrumstinkeringforums
 
 Thank you for your time, and hard work, making Tinkering what it is today!
 
 Sincerely,
 Josh Ward
 Kredal & Fizzwizz Cookiegnomie
 Tunare Server
 
 p.s. It was great meeting you at the Fan Faire in Minneapolis, and I look
 forward to seeing you at the next State-side event!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: 	  "Yakatizma"
 Sent: 	  Thursday, August 02, 2001 12:02 PM
 To: 	  "Fizzwizz"
 Subject: RE: Tinkering and the future
 
 There will be some additions to tinkering that will included within Luclin
 but I'm not sure yet if there will be anything before the expansion
 releases. There are some ideas being tossed around here that may happen if
 the resources become available. I can increase the drop rate of the haze
 panther eyes and check the frequency of the mobs themselves, they're
 tricky little cats since they like to invis themselves 8).