NOR Jacket Creed

1) I promise that I will wear the NOR name with pride, always following the *NOR/ Charter, Standards & Convention, and Guild Laws when doing so.

2) I agree to return the jacket, in a manner specified by the guild, if I ever resign from the guild or I am expelled. 

3) I understand that wearing the Jacket is an honor.

4) While I recognize that people who wear the jacket falsely, are considered a threat to the guild, I will always treat them according to the TOS of the service I am on. 

4a) If I am of the rank of Squire, Knight, or Champion I will report people falsely wearing the *NOR/ jacket in writing to my Baron/Baroness, Count/Countess, AND Duke/Duchess, taking no further action. 

4b) If I am an Officer I may, without guilt or threat of recrimination, choose not to and should not participate in non-NOR/ events with people falsely wearing the *NOR/ Jacket when in-game or in another area where in-game roles can reasonably be expected to be followed (eg. The Great Hall of Neverwinter).

5) I will take into account the possibility of (4b) when I invite NOR officers and persons wearing a false NOR jacket to any event. I will specify in any such invitation whether this event does or does not fall under section (4b) 
(assuming the event is to be held outside of the game; all events held in-game are included in the section (4b) requirements and require no additional notification).

6) I will never ask a *NOR/ officer to be an active participant in a event where a person wearing a false *NOR/ jacket is an active participant unless this event is not covered under (4b).

7) I understand that I am fully responsible for my actions and words at all times while wearing my NOR Jacket. This includes, but is not limited to, any message board, chat room, game, event or meeting where I am generally considered to be in my official NOR persona.

7a) In the event of an issue, which the majority of members within the Branch and/or Guild consider controversial or in bad taste, I agree to be held responsible for my actions to my Chain of Command.

7b) In the event of (7a), I understand that, in addition to whatever discipline they deem appropriate, the Chain of Command may suggest a voluntary public apology is appropriate, and in the absence of a voluntary public apology, the Chain of Command may issue or post a public notice within the same forum in which the issue occurred stating that I have been disciplined in connection with that issue.

Revised by the High Council April 9, 2000