Standards and Conventions of The New OutRiders

Welcome to the Guild of the New OutRiders!!! The following is a list of standards and conventions that will help you understand NOR and what is expected of you as a Guild member. It will also aid you when playing in realms that NOR exists. It will assist others in identifying you as a member of the GREAT Guild of NOR!!

Please be aware that this document is the GUILD's overall STANDARDS and CONVENTIONS. Each realm or branch may have a separate STANDARDS and CONVENTIONS document which is considered part of this document.

I. STANDARDS
A. The New OutRiders is an Oligarchy (not a democracy). It is a Guild with a High Council {HC} that makes decisions pertaining to, and for the benefit of all the Guild members. The HC is required to make decisions and judgments within the scope and limits set forth in the NOR Charter. The HC acts unilaterally on all matters pertaining to the New OutRiders Guild.

B. In guild correspondence (e-mail and such) members should sign the documents and include the Guild EPI. The Guild EPI (Epithet) shall follow this format:

*NOR/SQ-NWN (optional awards)

Where:
* = Cross (Star) 
NOR = The Guild,
/ = the sword 
SQ = your rank
- = a separator 
NWN = your "home" Duchy Name (Host)
optional awards = optionally you may add the two letter designation for any
award you have received, follow by a "-" and a number if you've
received more than 1 of the award. 

Example:
Lord EdU signs his letters:

Your Friend,
EdU
*NOR/Lord

Squire XRay who is a member of the Sky duchy on "Swords of Chaos", and has been awarded 3 silver star bursts, and a gold star of the Aldaborha Tree signs his letters:

Your Friend,
Xray
*NOR/SQ-Sky SB-3 GS


C. Standards for screen names in each realm, and related policies, are located in a separate realm standards and conventions document, as well as the Guild Name Policy.

D. Ranks of the Guild are divided into seven (7) major categories.

0. NEW denotes a new Guild member that has not been Squired yet. {e.g. - *NOR/NEW-NWN}

1. Squire (SQ), Squire Court (SC), Squire Honor (SH), Squire Elite (SE) 

2. Knight (KT), Knight Court (KC), Knight Honor (KH) Knight Elite (KE), Knight Protector (KP)

3. Champion (CH), Champion Court (CC), Champion Honor (CN), Champion Elite (CE), Quest Specialist (QS)

4. Baron/Baroness (BA), Grandee (GR), Herald (HE), Quest Master (QM)

5. Count/Countess (CT/CS), Viscount/Contessa (VC/CO), Grandee (GR), High Council Scribe (HCS), Dungeon Master (DM) 

6. Duke/Duchess (DK/DC), Marquis/Marquise (MQ)

7. Lord/Lady (LD/LY), Advisor (Adv).

E. A Realm is a location where NOR/ resides. Examples: EverQuest, The Realm. A Realm Leader will be assigned to each game NOR maintains at least one Branch.

F. Duchy is a branch in which NOR has a Duke or Duchess as a presiding officer. There may be one or more Duchies in a Realm. The Duchy reports directly to the HC.

G. In new Realms there may be provisional Baronies and Counties formed (called branches) that report directly to the HC.

H. Guild Officers consist of offices, with a summary of their duties:

1. Baron/Baroness - Assist the Count/Countess and Duke/Duchess in running the Duchy. They may promote, with Ducal consent, to Champion Elite. 

2. Count/Countess - Assist the Duke/Duchess in running the Duchy. They may promote to Baron/Baroness with Ducal consent.

3. Duke/Duchess - Is the ranking authority in the Duchy. Reports directly to the High Council. Can promote to Count/Countess.

4. Lord/Lady - Oversees all the affairs of the Guild. May promote to Level 7 providing the HC concurs. May make "on-the-spot" binding decisions to resolve any conflicts or problems. (Decisions are subject to review/modification/reversal by a quorum of the HC).

5. Realm Leader - A member of the HC, who is responsible for carrying out the duties of GM in the realm, coordinates the activities of the realm, and may resolve any problem that needs immediate attention in his/her realm.

6. Branch Leader - Usually a BA, CT, CS, DK, or DC who heads a new branch of the guild.

7. Herald - Is assigned to a Branch or Duchy, the herald maintains the branch/duchy roster and performs other herald like duties.

8. HC Scribe - Maintains the guild wide roster. Is usually responsible for the NOR News.

I. Any NOR Officer shall assume authority if they are the ranking Officer should any situation involving NOR need official attention. 

1. All subordinate ranks shall follow the superior Officer's direction in this type of situation.

2. Actions by any NOR OIC {Officer in Charge} can/may be reviewed/modified/reversed by a higher authority, up to and including the High Council.

II. CONVENTIONS
A. Greetings - a greeting of "HAIL *NOR" should be given to all your fellow NOR upon entering any Host, be it a NOR Duchy or not. This may be modified on a realm basis if it is difficult to do or hard to tell who belongs to the guild.... with the permission of the HC.

B. Real Names - do not ask for a person's real-life name. You may give yours, if you wish. Also, while asking someone where they live is generally OK, do not ask for their home address unless they offer to give it to you. This applies to telephone numbers too.

C. Guild posts - should be checked in your "home" Duchy on a regular basis to see if any messages have been posted there by your Officers or High Council. If you do not know where the guild posts are in your Duchy, ask your Duke/Duchess.

D. Party Traveling - is part of the fun in the realms. But there are certain courtesies that should be followed. Each realm has a seperate document covering policies with regard to this, REVIEW IT! The following applies to all realms:

Flirting and friendly banter are part of the game for most people. BUT!! If you are told to stop... then do so... IMMEDIATELY!! Remember that not all the people want this and some players are in the pre-teen age group where this type of communication is totally unacceptable.

E. Recruiting - new NOR members is actually very simple. Only invite those to join that you would like to travel in a party with. If they are rude or obnoxious, they are not NOR material!! See the separate documentation for correct recruiting procedure. DO NOT RECRUIT MEMBERS FROM OTHER GUILDS!!

F. NOR Functions - Fairs, Fox Hunts and other fun gatherings are planned and held so that all the members may socialize and get to know other members of the guild. It is usually good form to attend even if it is for a brief time.

G. Hacking - Hacking is a TOS violation and NOR strictly prohibits its use. If you alter the program code, or use hacking software for any reason, you will be dismissed from the Guild.

We hope this has helped to understand what *NOR/ is all about. Ask any *NOR/ officer if you have any questions. 

Amended by Lord Avatar - October 1994
Amended by Lady Leahh - January 1995
Amended by Lord EdU - March 25, 1995
Approved by the High Council July, 21, 1997
Amended by the High Council July, 19, 1998
Amended by the High Council March 4, 2001
