Dear EverQuest Players,

An exciting time is now at hand. Within the next 2 days the Login Servers will be coming down and we will be doing a patch 
that will add the EverQuest Store into the front end of the game. At that time, the first product we will be offering will 
be the EverQuest: Ruins of Kunark (RoK) upgrade for existing customers. This will allow existing customers of EverQuest to 
purchase RoK for $16.95 (Plus S&H). In addition, we will offer various shipping options depending on which country you live 
in. EverQuest: Ruins of Kunark will be launching on April 24th. We want to insure that this product is in everybody's hands 
on or before that date. 

In addition to this change, we will also be modifying our User Agreement and Software License to add in some additional 
Terms and Conditions that we will require everyone to agree to before playing EverQuest.

The first of these changes concerns the selling of EverQuest Characters and Items outside of the game (i.e. things like 
Ebay). Here is the text of this change:

"You may not sell or auction any EverQuest characters, items, coin or copyrighted material."

You may ask why we are doing this. There are many reasons, but first and foremost of them is the amount of trouble this is
 causing our Customer Service group. Simply put there are a lot of people out there who defraud others and we are being put
 in the middle of it, and we don't have the time or the resources to assist people with these disputes when they arise. The
 next reason is a more philosophical one and that is that we believe people should have to earn their items and characters 
in the game rather than from buying them outside the game. Obviously the second point can be argued from other perspectives
 that we do in fact respect, but we wanted you to hear ours.

The next change to the User Agreement and Software license concerns our efforts to stop people from hacking EverQuest and 
from doing malicious acts that we feel can affect EverQuest as an ongoing business concern. We have developed the 
technology to check for these hacking tools/programs and report that fact back to us. Without getting into the specifics of 
this technology, I can say that we in no way will search a user's hard drive(aside from the EverQuest directory during the 
patching process), registry nor will we send back any information other than the fact that a user is in fact running one of
 these programs (specifically we are NOT sending information about everything the user is running back to our servers). 
It's disturbing that the amount of recent developments in the hacking community  force us to do this. Many will say 
"ShowEQ" isn't worth worrying about. To us, it's cheating and it's not something we can allow in a game like EverQuest 
where it affects other people's enjoyment of the game. In addition, although this is the first time we'll be acknowledging 
this, ShowEQ isn't the worst offender. Recently we had someone attempting to bring down our servers with another malicious 
program. We were able to quickly identify what was going on and insure this didn't happen again, but nonetheless the 
potential is there and we need to be able to quickly identify and stop these types of programs. Again, I want to say it 
clearly that we will in NO WAY send any information back to the Everquest servers other than information regarding programs 
that we feel interfere with the intended operation of EverQuest. We have had this technology available for some time, but 
recently we've found it's going to be neccessary to go to greater lengths to stop this kind of thing. To those of you 
concerned about privacy (and rightly so) I want to say that we feel it's neccessary to do this but we want you to be 
informed that we are going to try these measures to protect both ourselves and the game's players.

Here is the text of this change:

"You hereby grant us permission to download Game-related files to you.  You also grant us permission to access, extract and 
upload (i) Game-related data as part of the patching process and (ii) data relating to any program that we, in our 
reasonable discretion, determine interferes with the proper operation of EverQuest."

Thanks,

John Smedley
President and CEO
Verant Interactive, Inc.