One of the most frequently asked questions over the guild channel is people asking where 
they should hunt at a certain level.  I have compiled a list of areas that I know of and 
think should be suitable for the levels listed.  In all cases the level range of each zone is 
much broader than the levels listed, but the levels listed are meant as a guide when to 
attempt the areas.  Keep in mind that all these areas may not be appropriate for all races 
as many of these experiences are coming from the perspective of a wood elf ranger.  
There are most definitely other possibilities than the ones listed below.

Levels 1 – 4:
For these early levels I would recommend staying close to your home city and fighting 
the low-level creatures.  At these early levels it is extremely important to avoid red and 
yellow creatures.  For the first couple of levels stick with creatures such as: rats, bats and 
wasps.  Continue fighting these creatures until they con green to you.  Move up to 
wolves, skeletons and orc pawns as they start to con better to you.  For these first levels 
concentrate on soloing and learning the game and the controls of the game.  One tip if 
you are fighting bats and skeletons, keep the wings and bone chips as higher level players 
will often be looking for them as they are components for spells.  You will make much 
more of a profit selling them to players than you will selling them to merchants.  
Remember to learn the location of the guards so you know where to run to when the 
situation warrants and where your bind point is for those unfortunate (yet inevitable) 
times that you lose the battle.

Levels 5 – 8:
For these levels you can usually find stuff to hunt in the opening zone or the zone 
adjacent to your home zone.  Once you hit this level you should start to seek groups and 
learn the basics of group play and your characters role in the group.  There are very 
different roles if you are playing a melee class, healing class or spell based damage class.  
Learning how to be an effective member of a group early will serve you well in the 
higher levels.  However, do not totally forget about soloing, as it is also important to 
learn the strengths and weaknesses of your character for those times when you are alone.  
The following is a list of areas I can suggest:

Orc Hill (Greater Fay)
This area is located between Kelethin and Clan Crushbone and is a very popular early 
hunting area.  Here you will fight Orc Centurions and Oracles.  

Pros: Close to city, usually easy to find a group, plenty of spawns to keep you safe, good 
xp for those early levels, great place to learn early group tactics such as pulling, guards 
are never being camped so you know you can always run and have guards there to help

Cons: Often crowded, can get hectic if new players over pull



East Commons
This area is adjacent to both Free Port and Neklotus Forest.  There are orc camps and 
various animals that can be fought in this zone.

Pros: plenty of variety and level range of creatures to fight merchants available to make 
purchases from or sell to

Cons: guards are sometimes hunted so your safety net can disappear at awkward 
moments, some higher level creatures that can quickly lead to the message "Loading 
Please Wait…"

Butcher Block Mountains
This is area is adjacent to Greater Fay and Kaladim, the dwarf starting point.  This zone 
has many ranges.  For these levels you can get good xp fighting goblins, dwarf skeletons, 
giant bats and scarabs.  This zone has druid rings and a dock for the boat to Freeport, 
which runs about every 25 minutes.

Pros: a large variety of creatures and areas to fight, close to cities and teleports, higher 
level creatures to fight making it possible to spend a number of levels in the zone

Cons: wandering bandits and ogres can make it tricky at times for low level characters 
(but makes it so much fun to return at higher levels and kick some serious Qued butt for 
the times he back stabbed you for 50+ damage and killed you)  *Note: No I am not bitter 
and do not hold a grudge*

Levels 9 – 12:
By this point you should be feeling comfortable with the game and the character you are 
playing.  You should have a good idea of your role in a group and know your limits when 
soloing.  By this time you should be collecting some upgraded equipment and a few 
platinum to upgrade further in the future.  Do not worry if at this time you do not have a 
lot of money or fantastic equipment.  Most people your level are in the same situation.  
Money and equipment will come in time.

Clan Crushbone (Centurions)
Clan Crushbone is located just off of Greater Fay very close to the elf tree city of 
Kelethin.  Starting at this level range you can be prepared to spend many levels battling 
the orcs of this area.  At this level stay closer to the zone entrance and concentrate on 
fighting centurions.  This will be the first area you will encounter very bad trains.  
Always be aware of the shout channel and watch for trains to the zone.  Remember to 
save any crushbone belts you loot as they can be used for an xp quest in Kaladim or sold 
to players who are looking to do the xp quest.

Pros: Usually easy to find a group, good xp, loot is okay if you can get a lot of belts and 
sell them to people looking to do the quest for faction or xp, quick respawn times to keep 
you busy.

Cons: Can be a lot trains to the zone created from within the castle, sometimes crowded 
and you will have to deal with kill stealing



Butcher Block (Chessboard)
This area is located by taking a right if you have just zoned into from Gfay.  Follow the 
wall and you will come to a large chessboard.  Here you will be fighting Undead Pawns, 
Bishops, and Knights.

Pros: Great xp for this level, steady spawn times

Cons: often camped, poor loot (a trade off for the great xp), Undead King if spawned can 
make life difficult at this level

Steamfont Mountains
This zone has plenty to kill for this level range.  The Mino caves are great xp and a good 
spot to further your grouping skills.  Creatures of various level range throughout the zone.

Pros: a variety of creatures to kill, is off of a city zone so close binding is possible

Cons: guards are good xp for higher levels so they are often camped removing your 
safety net, higher level mobs around (such as mino hero) that can cause lower level 
players grief 

Lesser Fay
Here you can hunt at the various orc camps, the sister camp and Fae Drakes.

Pros: from my experience not a highly traveled zone so lots of open spawns usually, has 
three zones off of it so is easy to run to safety if you get in trouble

Cons: need to be careful of certain areas of the zone where higher level creatures are 
located

Levels 13 – 19:
Once you hit this level range it is a good time to start travelling the world as you will find 
places almost anywhere that will have creatures you can fight and get xp.  Get to know 
the world and different zones and find what parts of Norrath you like the most.

Crushbone (Legionnaires and slavers)
If you have spent some of your earlier levels here and like the zone you may want to 
continue with this zone and upgrade from centurions to legionnaires and slavers.  There 
are several areas in the zone that you can hunt these.

Pros: good xp, can make some money selling lego pads (about 2pp per), can gain 
valuable experience hunting in a zone with frequent trains (learning how to avoid them 
and how not to cause them), can be bound right outside entrance, close to city

Cons: often crowded, fair amount of kill stealing and competition over spawns, lots of 
trains, if zone is not crowded can be hard to keep orc population in check making it very 
dangerous





Oasis
No EQ experience would be complete with out a visit to the beach.  If you want to level 
fast and relatively safely I would highly recommend going to oasis around level 14 and 
staying until around 19.  If you are aware of your surroundings and watch out for Sand 
Giants and Specters you can level safely and quickly here.

Pros: excellent xp for this level range (one of the best I have seen), crocs and caiman do 
not aggro so you will not get swamped by pulling one creature, excellent place for tanks 
to learn pulling tactics, frequent spawns, spawns are random so no party can camp a 
specific area, with a good puller and group fighting can be almost constant

Cons: very highly level mobs that you need to be aware of (Sand Giants and Specters), 
loot is non-existent when hunting crocs and caiman, very busy zone in peak hours which 
can breed conflict over kill stealing

High Pass
This is a relatively small zone that connects Kithicor Forest to East Karanas.  There are 
only a few hunting areas.  On one side of the zone there are orcs (Kith side) and on the 
other side there are gnolls.  If you can find a good group and the zone is empty this can 
be a quick level spot.  During peak times it is not worth the headache you will have to 
endure.

Pros: very good xp, constant spawns make battles almost non-stop, classes without bind 
can be bound in this zone

Cons: as there are only really a couple of spawning points and the zone is so small this is 
one of the worst zones for kill stealing and competition over spawns (from what I have 
seen and experienced), is a confusing zone that takes a little while to learn because of all 
the paths and mountain walls

Levels 19 - 21:

This level range is nice.  You earn your last name and most classes start getting nice 
spells (self-telelport for example).  Some people also find this level range a little 
frustrating as it seems you can find lots of green creatures, lots of red creatures but not 
many in between.  The following is a list of a few places that you will find plenty of 
creatures in you level range.



East Karanas
This zone has plenty to offer in this level range and as most of the spawns are random 
like in oasis it is hard for any one group to camp an area and lay claim to the spawns.  
Gnoll hill is a great area to get xp killing gnoll reavers during the day and undead reavers 
once the sun sets.  The undead reavers for sure drop the occasional bronze weapon and 
the loot is not so bad.  Also in this zone are gorge hounds (great xp), Broon, griffawns 
and crag spiders.  This is a zone that you can easily find your self earning several levels 
in.

Pros: lots of spawns, large zone, okay loot, great xp, easy to find a group

Cons: no bank really close, some very heavy hitting high level mobs to be aware of 
(Droon, Proon, hill giants)

South Karanas
This is another large zone with a lot of different creatures to fight.  Aviak village has a lot 
of different level aviaks to fight and xp and loot can be really good.  Centaurs on the 
other side of the zone can be good and the various creatures roaming the land are 
plentiful. Also there are a number of rare named spawns that drop some nice loot.  This 
zone is great if you can find it at a non-peak time or luck into a good group and spawn 
during prime hours.

Pros: lots of different areas to hunt, good xp to be had, always lots of people to group 
with, close to other zones with creatures to fight if zone is crowded

Cons: this is one of the highest populated zones in the game making it one of the most 
annoying at times, due to crowds can be hard to get fights on a regular basis, no banks 
anywhere near for non-teleporting classes

Unrest
There will be plenty of disagreement as to what is a good level to go to Unrest.  You can 
most definitely go earlier than this level range, but due to the extreme volatile nature of 
this zone be prepared for a learning experience that will include a number of deaths.  
Many people love this zone, many people hate this zone.  I think that it is a very good 
zone to get to know and if you can learn the ins and outs of Unrest you will be very well 
off.  At this level range I would suggest parking your party on the lawn along the back 
wall killing any blues outside on the lawn and the sending an experienced puller into the 
house to pick the pulls.  This zone has huge trains that can kill quickly.  One bad pull and 
almost the entire house can end up on its way to the zone killing everyone in its path.  
Great xp, great loot, great learning experience.

Pros: great loot, great xp, inside dungeon zone so all spells work, a zone you can spend a 
lot of levels in

Cons: trains happen often, you will die a fair amount, if lower level even getting to the 
zone can be an adventure, can get crowded (but this is usually the safest time to hunt as 
trains can get derailed easier)




 Levels 22 – 24:

Lake Rathe
This zone has aviaks and aviak guards to fight and if you can find an open spawn on a 
regular basis you will level in a hurry and make some okay money at the same time.  The 
arena is right off this zone and is a bindable area for classes without bind.

Pros: very good xp from level 22 – 24, loot is pretty good and there are merchants to sell 
any bronze weapons you loot, once spawns are broken relatively easy to keep rotation, 
close to a bind point for classes without bind

Cons: because of the great xp the zone is often crowded making it hard to find one of the 
few spawns free, no where to run as most of the spawns are on islands so unless you have 
levitate if you get in trouble you are not in good shape, some wandering high level 
creatures

Unrest
At this level it is time to start moving inside the house.  Move in slowly and learn the 
spawn points and the creature pathing.  This is the origin of the trains in the zone. Be 
careful and have fun.  As you increase in level and zone familiarity you should start 
moving to different levels in the house.

Pros: great loot, great xp, inside dungeon zone so all spells work, a zone you can spend a 
lot of levels in

Cons: trains happen often, you will die a fair amount, if lower level even getting to the 
zone can be an adventure, can get crowded (but this is usually the safest time to hunt as 
trains can get derailed easier)

Levels 25 – 30:

Rathe Mountains
This is a great zone and one you can easily spend 25 – 35 leveling in and even beyond 
that.  On the lower end you can hunt giant skeletons and if you get a full group you can 
take on cyclops.  Cyclops and giant skeletons are good xp for this level range.  When you 
hit 30 you can start hunting hill giants in a full group, the xp is slow but the money is 
great.

Pros: the creatures spawn all over making it possible for both the cyclops and hill giants 
to be hunted by several groups and keep everyone relatively busy, possible to make good 
xp and good loot, possible to spend a lot of time in the zone and get xp all along, 
relatively easy to find groups

Cons: can get crowded at peak times and make it hard to get creatures if person pulling 
isn't aggressive, during peak times a lot of kill stealing occurs (mostly unintentional due 
to competition over spawns), no banking close if you are KOS to evil creatures




Mistmoore
Mistmoore is another one of those zones that you either love or hate and most people hate 
it upon first impression.  There are regular, deadly trains in this zone that will have you 
dead in a matter of seconds (the trains here are much worse than Unrest) and even greens 
stay aggro for some time.  However, if you take the time to learn the zone and learn the 
how avoid the trains you will find a zone that is rich in xp and loot for the level range.  
The creatures regularly drop platinum and FS weapons that quickly add up.  For this level 
range all you need do is stay in the lake entrance area and not even venture into the really 
hard areas.  Once you hit 29 – 30 the graveyard is a good place to go in a group.  Any 
other area of the zone such as the castle itself would be best done when you hit the mid 
30's or higher.  In the castle death can come quickly and with out warning regardless of 
your level.

Pros: excellent xp and loot, relatively close to merchants to sell items, bind zones are not 
too far off, groups are generally easy to find

Cons: massive, deadly trains on a regular basis, need to have a group at this level to 
survive and be successful

Outside of Paw
Fighting the gnolls that spawn on the pillars outside of Paw in South Karanas is excellent 
xp at this level.  Usually each pillar is taken by one group and that group pulls the three 
spawns and the occasional runner.

Pros: excellent xp, good loot, quite easy with good group and spawn broken

Cons: South Karanas is one of the most crowded zones at any time and it is sometimes 
very difficult to get an open spawn, some people may find the spawn too slow, not close 
to any banking 

Levels 35+:
Once you have reached this level there are many things you can do and places you can 
fight.  Many of the places you hunted at a lower level once again become feasible as you 
can take on the higher level creatures that used to cause you so much distress.  Some 
people choose to go to the higher level dungeons for experience and loot.  Many choose 
to camp the guards that are in place for the protection of newbies.  There are many 
options open to you once you hit this level.

No matter what your level remember to go out there and have fun and interact with 
others.  Regardless of your level or zone, the heart of this game is the people you interact 
with and the friends that you meet.  Stay safe and have fun!

Striider Wingfoot
Ranger of Tunare
Apprentice Questmaster - EQ

