From: Richard Hsia <hs...@ece.ucdavis.edu>
Subject: Everquest - Early Comments
Date: 1999/03/18
Message-ID: <7crf10$ion$1@mark.ucdavis.edu>#1/1
X-Deja-AN: 456184394
Organization: University of California, Davis
User-Agent: tin/pre-1.4-980618 (UNIX) (HP-UX/B.10.20 (9000/755))
Newsgroups: comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,alt.games.everquest

My background: have tried most CRPGs (finished BG most recently), a couple
of online RPGs (not UO), and a few MUDs (played one for quite some time) 

I should start by saying I really want to get into this game, but so far,
I haven't been able to.  I'm guessing it will take a lot more time and
patience to find the immersion that I want.  Unfortunately, my schedule
permits me only an hour or two per day of game time on the computer, which
seriously limits me in some respect.  I was hoping EQ would be the game I
could log on to for an hour, meet some people, kill some creatures, and
slowly explore and advance.  Only time will tell if this will work out.

I had no trouble with installation, and ran the tutorial which I enjoyed
very much.  Logging on the next day was much more of a chore, kept losing
connection during the patch process.  Finally set up my account, got on
and started a High Elf Wizard, probably a mistake for my first char. 
Unfortunately, I found myself lost immediately the first day, and no one
seemed to be willing to help, including all the NPCs I hailed.  Definitely
a different exp than all the MUDs I've been on, as well as the tutorial. 
Lag was not bad, and the sounds and graphics were very nice.  I ended up
wandering around aimlessly, admiring the graphics, and mistakenly turning
myself into a PK (thought I was completing a quest) :-) The highlight was
entering an area and watching a bunch of higher level chars casting spells
and doing weird stuff.  That was cool.  Couldn't find the wizard's guild
so I gave up.  Second day I created a new character in a new city and
wnadered around some more, found the guild master who gave me a robe and
watched a bunch of NPCs casting spells for no reason.  I then wandered
around the West Gate (Freeport) and watched a bunch of people running
around chasing snakes and rats.  Tried myself, but died.  Finally quit
after my stupid AOL timed out (any way to shut that automatic thing off?). 
Very funny experience, all in all. 

I guess in some odd way, I'm enjoying myself with these awkward
experiences, but what bothers me is that no one seems very talkative or
willing to help.  I got more interaction out of the few NPCs in the
tutorial than from the hundred or odd real and NPCs I tried to hail in the
real game.  What's up with that?  On all the mUDs I played in the past,
people seemed much more open to general chatting, or at least a hello,
regardless of your level of exp, etc.  On one MUD, I was one of the hihger
level chars, but that never stopped me from conversing with the regulars
or the newbies.  I guess as time progresses and I can hopefully establish
contact with a few players regularly, I will enjoy the game much more.  In
the mean time, it just seems kind of strange to have the focus be on
running around by myself chasing snakes to develop my character, who
basically can do nothing useful but cast a shield spell on himself. 

Anyway, I know it's still early, and I have mixed feelings, but my general
impression is that EQ has tons of potential; it will just take some time
and patience to fully explore and discover it.

(P.S.  ANy comments or tips for a newbie are greatly appreciated)


-- 
			------ Fight the Future ------

Richard Hsia
UC Davis Millimeter-Wave Group
TEL (916) 752-0942
FAX (916) 752-8978
email:  hs...@ece.ucdavis.edu

Home Page:  http://camelot.ece.ucdavis.edu/

