From: "Shade" <allen...@postoffice.co.uk>
Subject: Re: another "Wish I had done something else" EQ Night
Date: 1999/05/25
Message-ID: <7iea7o$j5u$1@igateway.postoffice.co.uk>#1/1
X-Deja-AN: 481914459
References: <3748bfae.481214432@news.io.com> <kqr23.615$I7.331@news.flash.net>
Organization: The Post Office
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3155.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg

Have to disagree with you a little bit on some things.

Your ideas about Rep and stuff are great, as are the ones on ressurection
and ghosts etc.  However i would like to see the following AD&D things put
in.
1 & 2 fine

3  If a character dies, his stuff becomes up for grabs, just like the real
world.  Also if a character dies, he gets resurrected at level zero with no
experience, basically you start a new character, and he should-be roleplayed
as such.  No looking up "old freinds" cos that's player knowledge.  This
stops players from just hunting down a "safe" corpse and blagging their old
horde of super-goodies.

3.5 Characters become unconcious at zero hit-points but do not die unless
they go to -10 or whatever is compatible with the system.  Leads to less
character death.  I agree about party healing after the fight etc.

4  Great!!

5 I say go with your first suggestion.  "When you die, your physical
possessions can be taken by whichever character is around when you died.
This is most realistic. If you adventure with friends, they can get your
stuff for you. If you're alone, well, tough noogie. You can always go kill
whoever takes it and get it back yourself.  Taking someone's stuff should be
a "blackmark" on the "reputation" or "alignment" of the character that takes
it, unless they were in your "group" when you were killed.
This will mean players who want to keep a good reputation and alignment will
not steal from the dead. And the others, well, I
have some ideas about how to handle the miscreants and evil-doers."

There should be TWO stats for a player - Alignment and Reputation.
Alignment is based on what you do, with black marks for stealing etc.  This
affects your afterlife - Undead - next set of stats etc.  Reputation is what
other people are saying about you.  If you see someone doing something
good/bad you should be able to award them -5 to +5 rep points.  This could
work in conjunction with charisma to sort out how you are dealt with by
npc's.  For example, some people reckon that Satan is beautiful, after all
he was an angel, therefore he probably has a charisma of 18-19, but he has a
baaaaaaaad Rep, which could downward affect his actual charisma based on his
actions.

The other things you could do though, is have a White (Good) Mage locked
away in his tower minding his own business, but he has a bad Rep around the
area for no apparent reason other than superstition.

Shade






