From: "grimzap" <grimzap@*nospamish*yahoo.com>
Subject: EQ: Don't get down on people who complain!
Date: 1999/03/21
Message-ID: <7d36ub$brh$1@cletus.bright.net>#1/1
X-Deja-AN: 457250015
Organization: BrightNet Ohio
X-Mimeole: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg

I'm getting tired of folks defending this beta...  wait, you have to be able
to *play* a beta to find the problems and I can't even do that (unless you
want to troubleshoot the walk-through or the login screen).  Everyone has
been making comparisons so here is mine...

I went to the store and bought a bag of apples.  Because I bought a whole
bag, the store gave me two extras.  Unfortunately ALL the apples were full
of worms.  When I went to the store to complain some folks standing around
by the counter said, "Why are you complaining?  At least you got 2 free
apples!"  This surprised me but then some others said, "hey, stop your
bi*ching!  You have a whole bunch of seeds!  Go home an plant them and
*eventually* you'll have a whole tree full of apples!"

Of course the apples are the product, Everquest.  The 2 free apples
represent the free month... which amounts to little if you can't play the
game.  I can understand a piece of buggy software or technology that doesn't
work.  I can't understand people being upset with others complaining about
their inability to play.  If we never made our true experiences with the
"finished product" known, believe me, there would be no incentive to make
ANY working software.  The people who are complaining are responsible for
triggering improvements to the product which will benefit all.  The
expectation with *any* product, no matter how complex, is that it will work
as advertised.  Would you be defending a non-functioning jet engine as you
plunged to your death in an aircraft not flying as a result?  I can just see
someone in seat 17B commenting, "Hey!  These are very complex machines!  It
is hard to get them to work correctly!  They did great in testing!  Just
give them some time to work out the bugs!"  Then there is the guy in seat
17E (the side with the working engine) saying, "My engine is working fine!
I don't see a problem!"  Remember, the game has only been out a few days.
The problems will get worse if not solved becuase more and more people will
be getting the game.  What is affecting myself and others today will
probably affect you tomorrow.  Let's keep up the pressure so that Everquest
will eventually be the product we all hope it will be...

grimzap



