From: ajco...@io.com (Adam Connor)
Subject: Re: EverQuest:Follow Up Take
Date: 1999/04/20
Message-ID: <371dc26b.352517462@news.io.com>
X-Deja-AN: 468540969
Sender: ajco...@cs9341-29.austin.rr.com
References: <37069131.87E87A64@concentric.net> <3707b5c3.5276824@news.concentric.net> <3707FA67.A88D86F0@concentric.net> <37090d24.23809482@nntp.a001.sprintmail.com> <37091cbd.25010211@news.mbnet.mb.ca> <370934ae.0@news.primary.net> <371909d2.233365013@news.znet.com>
X-Complaints-To: ab...@io.com
X-Trace: hiram.io.com 924572179 29032 24.93.41.29 (20 Apr 1999 01:36:19 GMT)
Organization: Illuminati Online
Mime-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: 20 Apr 1999 01:36:19 GMT
Newsgroups: comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,alt.games.everquest

dern...@earthling.net wrote:

>Until alt.games.everquest shows up on my news server, I will place
>this here...
>
>I've played Everquest so far one full night on a 56K
>dial-up/P200MMX/ViperV330/D3D, so now's the time to do the "first
>impression" thing.  On the school scale, I give it a B+.  Other
>scales...four stars outta five, two thumbs up, 87%.  
... [thoughtful review snipped]...
>So, my first impression of Everquest is very positive.  I'll be back
>in a couple weeks or so to give an "after the honeymoon" review.  :)
-------------------------------
I played EQ for almost four weeks, had a love/hate relationship to it,
and finally gave away my online possessions and canceled my account.
Obviously, I can't give it a "B+". Maybe a C+... Warning: long review
follows.

The good stuff:
The 3D world was wonderful. The animations for the monsters were very
well done, they landscapes are at times beautiful. The 3D sound also
worked very well; I was occasionally able to hunt by it in the dark.

There are many race/class combinations to choose from.

The game was quite stable, with no crippling bugs. The initial week
and a half was pretty rough (hard to logon, etc.), but it improved
quickly. The company seemed very focused on solving problems, rather
than denying them.

The networking worked great for me; little lag, and even when the
packet loss was high (in the first week), the game played well. The
only problems were in logging on in that first week.

I can't really comment on PKing, because I never played UO, but EQ did
seem to prevent non-consensual PKing. Most of the players are
courteous and even helpful (not all, of course).

The other human beings give the game a spontaneity and ambience that
solitary games can't really duplicate.

The so-so stuff: 
While the 3D engine is fine, the gamma correction didn't work at all
for my TNT-based card. This was a problem, because nights in EQ are
very, very dark. (No moons, or something.) I had to crank my
brightness all the way up, and it was still too dark for some of my
human characters. It was pretty dark even for my ultravision
characters.

The game supports high-resolution (1024x768), but cannot display the
frame around the view at this resolution.

The 3D engine doesn't draw distant objects. This becomes a problem in
areas that have creatures like griffins, because they appear out of
nowhere, far too late for you to run. Also, you will frequently find
yourself attacking something that according to your monitor is right
in front of you, only to get messages that you are too far away.
Perhaps this is a result of the UDP packet not reaching your machine
with the information to redraw the monster somewhere else?

The game blocks access to all other applications, apparently to
prevent cheating. While preventing cheating is a laudable goal, I
found this very irritating, especially in light of the many long waits
in the game (see below).

The world is divided into zones, and moving between zones requires a
wait of anywhere from 30 seconds to five minutes, depending on your
computer. Even if you have a fast computer, you may have to wait if
one of your party members doesn't. Moreover, you can only cross
between zones via special points on the map (kind of like, um, doors
in a room...) Daggerfall did this better three years ago --
admittedly, not across the network.

Although there are different race/class combinations, they differ only
in initial location and in their mechanisms for inflicting damage. The
goal of every race/class is the same: find weaker creatures and whack
them to death. Then take their treasures and rush back to the bank...
You cannot advance without whacking creatures, because "experience" is
measured by the quantity and quality of the creatures you have
whacked; neither long treks nor skills development counts an iota
towards raising ones "level". I would dock the game more for this,
except that this particular idiocy is so common. Daggerfall did this
better three years ago also.

There are quests, but at least at the lower levels they seemed to all
be "find the foozle" or fed-ex quests. They don't pay particularly
well; one's time is better spent whacking weaker creatures. Many
quests are broken, and Verant has set up an email address to report
broken quests... but, of course, one can't get to one's email from
inside EQ because they lock out other applications. Catch-22.

The game penalizes solo play, and as the level rises the penalties
become more and more severe. Basically, from level 6-7 on one is much
better off playing in a group.Then one can at least whack slightly
different monsters. (Below level 4 one should solo.) 

Groups can be fun, but after a while one notices that it is just a
chat session intermixed with whacking. How much this appeals to you
probably depends on how gregarious you are; I'm not very gregarious, I
thought it was boring.

The world isn't very big. It is possible to walk from one end of a
continent to the other in a few days. I can forgive this for obvious
reasons, but it does hurt the plausibility. Still, it's more than big
enough for gameplay, given the constraints I will discuss below.

There is a tutorial. I would put this in the "good stuff" section, but
it isn't a very good tutorial and doesn't really cover all of the game
mechanics. But it's better than nothing.

The bad stuff: 
The user interface is horrible... As an example, you must target a
character to hail or to attack. But 'a' is the auto attack key
(meaning, attack whomever is targeted). So if one tries to talk to an
NPC and neglects to press enter to open up the chat line, as soon as
one types the 'a' one ends up attacking instead. I got killed several
times this way. Another example: Many spells only affect the targeted
creature; so, if one is bashing a creature, one cannot cast a spell on
oneself. (Gerald Ford would feel right at home...) On the plus side,
one can remap the keys to a more convenient setup. The game does not
support Windows conventions at all, e.g., clicking on the scroll bar
arrows gets one nowhere.

The manual is also horrible; cynics have suggested it was an effort to
help sell the "strategy" guide, but I don't believe it because the
strategy guide is no better. Even if you love this game, you should
avoid spending money on such trash and instead use the various web
sites, e.g., http://www.eqvault.com/, http://gameznet.com/eq/, or
http://eqss.stratics.com/ .

There is no automap. There isn't even a compass. (Compasses supposedly
exist but are very rare and expensive.) One must instead raise one's
"sense heading" skill, which requires many, many thousands of clicks
of the appropriate button.

There are "trade skills" in the game, but it isn't clear that they
work well enough to bother with, with a few exceptions. Fishing works
OK for low-level characters, but takes a long time to develop and is
extremely boring. As the character rises in level fishing becomes less
and less attractive because of the value of the loot one is forsaking
while fishing (not to mention the experience). However, fishing does
provide a natural opportunity to press the "Sense Heading" button a
few million times.

The "tailor" skill does reportedly work at lower levels (I didn't try
it, but played with those who had). One can create "patchwork" armor
-- not quite as good as leather, but a whole lot better than cloth. At
higher levels one runs into difficulties because the armor to be
produced requires pieces from a blacksmith, and blacksmithing is such
a money loser that there are few to be found at the
lower-to-intermediate levels. (Say, up to 15 or so...)

Other skills have even worse reputations. One salient point: one can
not generally make a profit via a trade by selling the product back to
the vendors (except from fishing); the prices have been rigged to
prevent this, and "encourage" the development of a player economy.
Based on my four weeks, it's not working.

There is a lot of waiting around in EQ. As one levels, one takes
longer and longer to heal up after fights, because your hit points
increase but your rate of healing does not. (This effect is most
pronounced for tanks, of course.)

There are frequently not enough monsters to go around, so one ends up
waiting in line for the chance to wrack up a little experience. I
expect that this will affect those who signed on in the beginning the
most.

And when you fight the monster, what can I say? They look different,
but I didn't notice much change in strategy. Just keep whacking, and
run if your health gets too low.

I could keep going all night, but I think this is enough to give one
the flavor (as I see it, of course). In the end, I found the tedium
vastly overwhelmed the fun.

Summary: The game is pretty, has real live human beings, and plenty of
things to bash (or barsh, as we ex-trolls like to say). If you enjoy
bashing over and over while talking to your friends, you will probably
enjoy it. I kept looking for something more... and not finding it,
grew more and more frustrated. I think it's ironic that a game full of
NPCs, like Fallout, could have a more sophisticated feel to it, but
it's true. Maybe they should hire some of the writers to be GMs in
EQ...

I don't regret the $50, I got more entertainment from EQ than I did
from Baldur's Gate. But I don't think it's good enough to get really
excited about.

