Grymbok's Guide for Ogre Beastlords

Part 1 - The Feerott

First things first - track down the Beastlord trainers (behind the Shaman 
Guild in Oggok), and hand in your note for the beginner's tunic. Once this 
is done, head out to the Feerott.

For your first two levels, you'll be running laps on the path in the 
Feerott. This is for two reasons - firstly, Sense Heading is unreliable at 
these levels, and secondly, the Feerott is very difficult to negotiate on 
sight alone once you're off the path. I would recommend either noting down 
some key locs or getting a map (I use this one link) to help you out in case 
you get lost.

The route is simple - from the Oggok zone, follow the path going left at the 
first two forks. This will take you past a strange altar and two sets of 
vendors. When the path runs out, carry on in a straight line for a short 
distance, and you will meet another path. Turn right onto this, and it will 
bring you back to the junction by the altar you passed earlier. Turn right 
again here, and you start another lap. It sounds confusing written down, but 
should make sense when you're actually there. Once you've been around a few 
times, you should feel confident enough to stray off the path a bit as you 
lap.

As you're running this route, fight the Lizardman Broodlings, Snakes, Bats, 
Froglok Tads, Decaying Skeletons and any Spiderlings that con even. When you 
reach level two, you can start attacking the Scarabs, and more of the 
Spiderlings. Avoid the Marsh Bear Cubs - they attack on sight and will 
likely kill you easily. Keep the Lizard Meat and Spiderling Silk, which you 
need for your guild quests, wear any cloth or netted armour you loot, and 
sell everything else to the vendors.

Once you reach level three your main prey (assuming you've already collected 
the four Lizard Meats you need) will be Spiderings, Scarabs, and maybe the 
occasionally low con Jungle Spider or Marsh Bear Cub. To see more of these, 
you'll want to wander deeper into the Feerott. To do this, choose the right 
hand path at the second fork you pass coming from Oggok (or turn left after 
rejoining the path if you're coming around the "lap"). If you either see a 
full grown Marsh Bear, or find another fork in the path, then you've gone 
too far, and should turn and head back to Oggok. Disaster is bound to strike 
at least once, so you'll get a feeling for how far you can safely travel. 
You can work up and down this path, and around it, right up to level five. 
Be careful when attacking Spiderlings and Spiders - they will support each 
other very willingly, and it's not uncommon to find yourself running back to 
Oggok with five or six Spider(ling)s dogging your heels.

If the opportunity presents itself, at level four you should try to get a 
group at one of the Lizardman camps. This will allow you to get a shot at a 
Mystic Doll. A safe group would be three level four characters, or a 
partnership with one of a higher level. Each camp has three Lizardmen within 
it, which can be anyone of several different types. Only the Lizardmen 
Mystics drop the dolls you need, and unfortunately, they're the toughest of 
the lot, being the only casters.

Lizardmen Mystics are low level Shamans. They'll hit you with a small lick 
of flame, which you'll barely feel, and they'll also heal themselves a bit. 
What makes them really nasty, however, is their blinding spell. This is 
incredibly disorientating the first time it happens, so be prepared. 
Remember that even though you can't see, all your skills are still available 
to you. You'll stay on the target you're fighting until it's dead or out of 
range, and can also Slam. If you hear a lizard's death scream, then wait a 
second to see if another one hits you, and start auto-attacking again.

If all goes well, you should reach level five with your Ruthless Bracer, Cap 
and possibly the Leggings, an assortment of Cloth and Netted armor on other 
slots, and possibly some rusty weapons to help in training skills other than 
piercing/hand-to-hand.

Part 2 - Innothule Swamp

On reaching level five, the first order of business is to get back to the 
guild and train Kick. Whilst in Oggok, if you've a few pp to spare, it would 
also be worth picking up some Leather Armor for any empty slots (cover the 
empty slots first, and upgrade your Netted/Cloth later).

Next, if you haven't done it already, try to get a group at one of the 
Lizardman camps for your Mystic Doll, to complete the Ruthless Leggings 
quest.

Once this is done, you have two choices. If possible, get in a group of 
three or more characters of at least level 5, head to the Rathe Mountains 
zone area in the Feerrott, and hunt Giant Bats for your Ruthless Claw quest. 
There are a lot of Marsh Bears in this area, so be careful. Although you 
could probably solo the bats at this level, the bears make it far too 
dangerous to work in this area alone.

If there isn't a chance to group, then the best option is to turn your back 
on the Feerrott for a while, and head to Innothule Swamp. Although you won't 
be able to collect any items for the Ruthless quests in the swamp, you will 
find it much easier to level, and can then finish the quests more easily 
later.

Heading to Innothule across the Feerott is simple, but dangerous due to the 
bears. From Oggok, follow the path. At the forks go left, then right, then 
(after a long run) straight ahead, and then finally right. Try not to stray 
off the path (unless it's to avoid a bear), and be warned that you may well 
get eaten by bears en route. Although this is frustrating, it's far less so 
than trying to continue to hunt in the zone would be! You can of course 
pause to kill any blue cons as you run across the zone, but once you've 
passed the third fork you should always make sure to check the area for 
Bears before fighting.

Once you enter Innothule, turn right and hug the wall. Make a mental note of 
the entrance to Grobb (which is guarded by the Troll Bashers - don't worry, 
they're friendlier than they look), and then carry on until you reach the 
entrance to Upper Guk (a small cave roughly halfway up the opposite side of 
the zone to the Oggok entrance). Dive into this cave, but don't approach the 
Froglok Guards on the far side of it. You can sit in either of the two 
corners of the cave without them aggroing you.

This cave is your safe zone - a pathing bug means that if you run into this 
cave from the main zone area, anything chasing you will run off in the 
opposite direction and leave you alone (I have seen this fail to work, but 
this is extremely rare).

You can hunt here until level 7 or 8. Leave the cave, cross to one of the 
near islands, and fight all the Frogloks, Froglok Fishermen and Fungus Man 
Trackers that attack you. In the rare event that nothing does, you can also 
pick on the Giant Rats and Water Moccasins. Fight until you either need a 
rest or (more likely) have half the zone beating on you and are close to 
death, and then retire to the cave to recover. If you get attacked by a 
human, dwarf or similar, run for the cave immediately - there are a few 
"noble" NPCs who spawn randomly, and they're all over level 10. Grouping 
will greatly enhance your durability here, with no real impact on XP 
(there's more than enough Frogloks to go around), so I recommend it whenever 
possible. Once you reach level 6, you can start including the two Froglok 
Guards in your campaigns. If things go badly with them, dart down the 
corridor they guard and zone into Guk.

Whenever you're laden down, dart into Grobb to sell up and buy bandages.

From level 7, the Frogloks (but not the Fishermen or the Guards) will start 
to go green. If you either have a group going, or are getting lucky with 
higher level spawns, then you can stay in this area. Otherwise you may want 
to start moving up the zone, although it can be tough at this level. 
Certainly at level 8 you will want to move on.

Your next hunting area is the north side of the Innothule Swamp zone, around 
the zone to the Southern Desert of Ro. From the Guk cave, turn right and hug 
the wall. It's best to carry on until you find the little valley that leads 
to the zone, so that you know where it is. This valley appears to be "safe" 
in the same way as the Guk cave, although it's not as reliable.

Hunting here, just run up and down the north wall, fighting anything that 
cons appropriate, dashing over to nearby islands occassionally. Try to avoid 
getting into situations where you would have to swim long distances for 
safety, as everything in the zone can swim faster than you. The Fungus Man 
Trackers, Froglok Foragers and Kobold Hunters, along with the snakes, 
alligators and skeletons and zombies in the ruined tower (but avoid the 
mummies) should see you through to level 9.

Part 3 - The Feerott (again)
If you've been following my guide, you will have reached level 9 in 
Innothule Swamp. What you will of course be wanting to do now is summon your 
first warder. There's no harm in it, so go ahead. Cute, isn't he?

Right - the first priority at this level is of course getting your spells, 
which means a trip back to Oggok. Since that bear's only level 5 or so, you 
should dispel him before you get moving. Getting back to Oggok should be 
fairly simple - follow the walls out of Innothule, and the follow that path 
through the Feerrott again.

Hopefully you will have enough money to purchase the entire spell set (and 
maybe even some more leather armour). If not, then work through the list in 
the following order:

- Spirit of Sharik
- Inner Fire
- Sharik's Replenishing
- Cure Disease
- Minor Healing
- Endure Cold

You can't buy Flash of Light here, but we'll pick that up soon. One thing 
you may think is odd is the placing I've given to Minor Healing. There's a 
simple reason for this - Inner Fire adds 20HPs to your total, and heals you 
for those 20HPs at the same time. This is twice as much healing as Minor 
Healing, for the same mana. The only circumstance in which you'll want to 
cast Minor Healing is if you're fortunate enough to have a high level 
character buff you, in which case Inner Fire will refuse to stick. This will 
be your main healing spell until level 22, when you may want to swap to 
Light Healing (although still less mana efficient than Inner Fire, it is a 
faster cast with more healing on each cast).

With your spells scribed and memorised, the chances are that you still have 
two Ruthless item quests to complete - the Claw and the Leather tunic. 
Fortunately, these should now be relatively easy to finish off.

If you've managed to get these items (or better ones) already, then skip 
ahead to part 4 of the guide, as the remainder of this part concerns 
claiming these two items.

Run through the Feerrott to the Rathe Mountains zoneline area, and summon a 
warder. Now hit F9 a few times so that you can see you and the warder, and 
cast Spirit of Sharik.

...

Yes, it really did shrink.

If your warder didn't shrink, then this means that someone at Verant 
realised that having Ogres run around with a bear that doesn't reach their 
knees looked stupid. In which case, I'd like you to take a moment reflect on 
the indignities forced upon those Ogres who went before you.

On the other hand, if it did shrink, then you now have the "warder in your 
pocket". This guy may be small, but he packs a mean punch. With him at your 
side, you should be able to easily collect the giant bat parts you need for 
the ruthless claw quest. Although you can probably take the Marsh Bears out 
now, my advice is to keep avoiding them where possible. They pack a mean 
punch, and are very social, so it's not uncommon to find yourself fighting 
three or four of them. If everything does start going wrong, make a break 
for the zone. If you get out at around 40% hit points, then they're likely 
to stick to your warder, allowing you a clear run.

A few Giant Bats later, you should now have enough fur and wings for your 
claws. If you're not twinked, then these (at 5/24) are likely to be your 
primary weapons for the next few levels. There's now only one Ruthless quest 
left, for the tunic. The parts for this can once again be found in the 
Feerrott, this time on the Lizardmen guarding the entrance to the Lost 
Temple of Cazic-Thule. You should be able to solo this, but since I didn't, 
I can't guarantee success. A partner will make it all go faster, so if 
there's anyone around who's interested, then hook up with them.

To get to the Cazic-Thule entrance, head out into the Feerrott from Oggok, 
and head for the bridge. When you reach the bridge, don't cross it, but 
instead turn left and run down the coast. After a while you'll see a slab of 
stone on your right which forms a makeshift brige across the river. Cross 
over here, and you'll see a small stone temple ahead and to the left of you. 
Pass down the left hand side of this temple (but not too close to it - 
there's a Lizardman up there), until you reach the base of a ramp. Turn 
right, and then go left down the side of the ramp until you hit a corner. 
Stop here and summon and buff a warder.

Turn around and look back the way you came. You now have a small temple a 
short way off to the left, and another in front of you. On the opposite side 
of the ramp there is the same arrangement. All of these temples have 
Lizardmen on them, and there is also one wanderer. There is also the temple 
you passed on the way in, and two other Lizardmen Warriors at the top of the 
ramp (who are higher level than those down below).

You main targets should be the four near temples and the wanderer. All of 
them will attack you on sight, so you can pull them just by approaching. The 
Lizards will all be either Warriors or Mystics. They can range up to level 
12 or so, so be sure to con them. The safest method to pull is to set your 
warder to guard your corner spot, and make a hotkey for /pet back off. Go 
out and find a Lizardman, and then run back to your pet hitting the hotkey. 
Once you're near enough, let the pet join in.

Once you have the four Lizard Tails, go and turn them in for the Tunic. 
Congratulations, you've now completed all the Ruthless quests.

If you found the Lizardmen easy, then they will certainly support you level 
12 or so, and so you can go back to the Cazic-Thule entrance for XP if you 
want. However, if, like me, you're now sick of oppressive zones with short 
view distances and almost no players in them, then you may want to stretch 
your legs a little. In which case, I suggest the Northern Desert of Ro, 
which is covered in Part 4 of the guide.

Part 4 - The Northern Desert of Ro

The run to North Ro from Oggok is quite long, so grab a SoW if you can at 
some point. The route through to South Ro you should know by now, so I won't 
cover it again.

When you get to South Ro, you may of course wonder whether it's worth moving 
on, since there are a lot of mobs that you could hunt in this zone. Do a 
/who. If there are more than five characters under 20 in the zone, then have 
a party. On my server there never are, which is why I prefer the Northern 
Desert.

To cross South Ro, head north, avoiding the Orc camps as you see them. When 
you get into the desert portion, steer clear of any undead, and also madmen. 
These are the only monsters likely to aggro you. If you get aggroed in the 
green area of the zone, turn back, if in the desert, keep running. You 
should make it through OK - I've been aggroed here many times while at low 
levels, but as long as you keep running and don't look back, you can usually 
make it out with only a few scratches.

In Oasis, head north east, avoiding everything but the animals, until you 
come to the coast, and then run along that to the docks. If you have spare 
cash, then dart over to the Gypsy camp, and pick up a copy of Flash of 
Light. Otherwise, keep heading north up the coast to the Northern Desert of 
Ro.

In North Ro, head up the coast and then turn in for the "platform" (if you 
don't know the North Ro zone well, then refer to this map link). The 
platform will be your home base for the next couple of levels - the 
Rattlesnakes, Spiders, Scarabs and Madmen should see you through to level 
12. Run around with your warder in tow until you see something you want to 
fight, attack it on the spot, and return to the platform occasionally to 
rest. As long as you don't wander too far from the platform, the only things 
likely to attack you without being provoked are undead and Pumas. Your 
warder should be able top solo pumas, so don't worry about them.

Whenever you get poisoned, cast a heal or two if you're low on hit points, 
and then sit down and sweat it out. When diseased, you can of course cure 
yourself. At level 10 you may want to return home to train Dodge, and at 
level 12 you'll definitely want to do so for Meditate.

In levels 12 and 13, you can either try to get into a group at one of the 
Dervish camps, or otherwise move to Oasis. Personally, I swapped to Oasis 
for the simple reason that I was running back from Oggok after training 
Meditate and didn't see the point in keeping running. If you do go for the 
Derv camps, I would recommend moving through to Oasis at level 14 at the 
latest.

Part 5 - Oasis

When you first get to Oasis, hunt the coastal strip between the North Ro 
zone and the docks. As you continue to level, remember that your pet is not 
leveling with you, and so it will become harder to kill yellow and white 
cons as you approach level 15 (although you should still have no problem 
with blues). For this reason you may well want to seek out a group in the 
later levels, as it can sometimes be hard to find the monsters you want in 
Oasis. The Crocodiles, Caimans and other roaming wildlife should see you a 
safe passage to level 15 and the new spell circle.

With the second spell circle achieved, you have reached maturity as a 
Beastlord, and venture where you wish. Of course, you can continue to hunt 
in Oasis right through to level 18 and beyond. The level progression on the 
crocs is Caiman-Crocodile-Deepwater Caiman-Deepwater Crocodile. If you tire 
of them, try out the Orc Highway (either solo or grouped). I would suggest 
spending at least part of level 15 here, while you get used to the new 
spells, and the power of the new warder.

Part 6 - Grymbok's Travel Guide

In the final part of this guide, we'll discuss how to get out of Eastern 
Antonica, and also why you may want to stay.

Eastern Antonica

Let's start by discussing where you can go without leaving the "safe" zones. 
You're free to travel west from the Feerrott through to the Mountains of 
Rathe, Lake Rathetear and onto South Karana - three outdoor zones that could 
take you to level 30, and also a nice dungeon to take you further 
(Splitpaw).

Heading away from home in the opposite direction, through Innothule Swamp, 
you can pass through the Ro deserts to the Commonlands (east and west), 
Kithicor Forest and the eastern edge of High Hold Pass. Alternatively, going 
up through Nektulos Forest will get you to Lavastorm. Dungeons abound in 
these areas - Cazic-Thule, Guk, Najena, Solusek A/B and even the Plane of 
Fear can be accessed with barely a human guard in sight.

It's certainly possible to hit 50, or even 60, with just these zones as your 
stomping grounds. However, travel broadens the mind, so let's look at where 
else we can get to, and how we can get there.

Grymbok's Travel Guide - The Easy Way

Stage 1: Walk to either North Ro or West Commonlands.
Stage 2: /auc Paying for Wizard ports.

Wizard ports are great. Druids, on the other hand, keep teleporting me to 
Druid circles. Half of which have nasty little Druids all around them. Only 
teleport with a Druid who's taken Ogres before, and understands the 
potential problems, and even then it's probably prudent to always ask for 
invisibility.

Grymbok's Travel Guide - The Hard Way
Because getting there is half the fun...

Kunark

This one's easy. The boat for the Overthere leaves from Oasis. Although I've 
yet to make the journey myself, Ogres of other classes have always been 
welcomed in the dark outpost on Kunark, and I see no reason why Beastlords 
should be any different.

Velious

You wont want to go until you're level 35 or so, but when you do, it's just 
a hop, a skip and a boat ride from North Ro. Hey, this hard way isn't so 
hard after all...

Western Antonica

This is where things get tricky. For my money, there are two places that 
define Western Antonica as a separate area. That's the zone in point in 
Northern Karana (from Southern), where the local guards always extend a 
friendly welcome to visiting Ogres with the pointy end of their swords, and 
also the twisty tunnels of High Hold Pass, which are hard enough to navigate 
without the locals hitting you in the back.

Basically, there's no real way to walk into Western Antonica without 
invisibility or a lot of hit points and a SoW. If you really want to be 
here, get a port. Once you're in, you can get bound in one of the quieter 
areas of North Qeynos, and get to work on your faction in Blackburrow. A few 
hundred Gnolls later (be sure to save their teeth - once you can get into 
Qeynos without being attacked you'll find a guard captain with a dental 
fixation) and you should be able to bank safely.

Odus

Travelling to Odus would involve

- Getting to Western Antonica (see above)
- Getting through Qeynos to the docks (tricky without faction, but can be 
done through the Catacombs)
- Sitting on the dock waiting for the boat without being killed by 
patrolling guards
- Somehow getting through Erudin

Basically it's not going to happen. Get a port.

Faydwer

ROFL. I don't even feel safe getting ported to this place.

This entire continent will attack you on sight, and it would start as soon 
as you got off the boat. Is visiting a bunch of Elves and various assorted 
midgets really that important to you?

This is a place to visit on business only. Port in. Kill things. Port out.

Luclin

As you can probably tell from the above, the only accessible portal spot to 
Luclin for an Ogre Beastlord is in the Dreadlands of Kunark. Unfortunately, 
the monsters in this zone render even this portal accessible to only higher 
level Beastlords.

I would advise any Ogres wishing to travel to Luclin to get a Wizard port to 
either Dreadlands or Toxxulia Forest, and then go straight to the moon from 
there. I did this myself, and have found the humans on the moon far more 
welcoming than those on Norrath itself.



This concludes my guide. If it is of use to even one young Ogre, or, even 
better, persuades one new person to join our great race, then it will have 
been worth the time it took me to write it.

I'm always happy to hear from Ogres of Veeshan in their travels, and look 
forward to seeing fellow Beastlords on Norrath and Luclin. Good travels!

- Grymbok Fizzog
Ogre Beastlord of the League of Gentlemen, Veeshan

(also Futhark Casanova, Ogre Shadow Knight, and Grymtooth, Ogre Shaman)

