Robert D. Beck
12160 NW Coleman Street
Portland, Oregon  97229
(503)644-4988
rbk@easystreet.com
http://www.easystreet.com/~rbkx/
Last updated: June 20, 1996

Professional Interests

    Practical application of object oriented tools and techniques to the
    solution of real world problems, particularly related to the Internet.
    Strong interest in continuing to work with Java.

Experience

Feb 1995 - Present: Senior Software Architect, Intel Architecture Labs

    I have been working primarily in Java since 8/95 on Windows NT and
    Windows 95, and am considered by many at Intel as a Java expert.  I have
    an excellent understanding of the Java language and environment,
    including its object oriented features and class library.  I was
    involved in a presentation on Java to the Intel executive staff in Q4
    1995 that resulted in Intel deciding to become involved with Java.  I
    have written several applets and applications in Java (e.g., a
    web-crawler, "Special Delivery" (to be deployed on the Intel CPS in Q3),
    and numerous support classes (client/server support, collections, thread
    cache, work queues, class loaders, AWT assists, etc.) in use by others
    at Intel).  I recently joined a project building a 3D virtual world
    implementation in Java, which will leverage Java's capabilities for new
    behaviour in the environment.
    
    I have written Several WWW/CGI based applications in C++ (web-based
    status report generator, web-based voting, web-based E-mail attachments
    (see http://www.intel.com/iaweb/atpoint/).  I worked with the Illustra
    ORDBMS (primarily evaluation).  I have maintained a personal web site at
    Intel since starting there.

    I have taken classes on and read up on Microsoft's Component Object
    Model.  I understand the model well, but have not done much work in it.

    I occasionally write utilities I find useful and publish them; see my
    personal web site for these.

Jan 1983 - Feb 1995: Principal Software Engineer, Sequent Computer Systems.
    
    Jan 1994 - Feb 1995: Sequent Enterprise Division.  My primary
    responsibility was evaluation of object oriented tools and environments
    including various C++ and Smalltalk tools, and study of Microsofts' OLE2
    technology.

    Jan 1992 - Jan 1994: Sequent Object Technology group.  My primary focus
    included assisting partners making their products run well on Sequent
    SMP systems (ParcPlace, Versant, Servio (GemStone)), consulting with
    customers in system scaling issues (primarily involving Smalltalk and
    GemStone), and work on a Sequent internal workflow application written
    in ParcPlace Smalltalk, using Oracle RDBMS and GemStone ODBMS for
    persistent storage (see publication reference).  During this time I
    became expert with the Smalltalk language and object oriented
    programming in general, and competent in the use of ODBMS and RDBMS
    systems.

    Previously, I was involved in operating systems technology exploration.
    This included: AAMP (see publication reference), UNIX enhancements for
    RDBMS support (shared open file table, bmap caching, "RAW" file IO),
    leading senior level engineers on new functionality specification and
    design (asynchronous IO, file system quotas), technical support for
    Sequents interest in TMAC, porting and work with the Sprite distributed
    operating system (UCB), participation in Sequents Third Generation
    System (TGS) initial architectural design, evaluation of several RISC
    microprocessor architectures, work with the Chorus microkernel operating
    system (including Symmetry port).  I was also involved in various
    strategic planning functions.

    I was the primary designer and implementer of all aspects of Sequents
    symmetric multiprocessing operating system (Dynix; initially a version
    of 4.2bsd UNIX), including mutual exclusion primitives, virtual memory,
    file system, process model, and device driver interfaces.  Continued
    involvement in the evolution of this system including: the industry's
    first implementation of mmap() in UNIX, virtual memory system
    restructuring to accommodate significant physical memory size
    efficiently with good parallel scaling, integration of SUN "vnodes"
    kernel modifications into the SMP kernel, significant interaction with
    hardware engineers on SW/HW issues/tradeoffs/etc.  I was also the
    primary designer and implementer of Sequents' shared-memory parallel
    programming model.

    In late 1986 I visited CMU to do a port of the Mach system to Sequent
    Balance hardware, completing the port in 2 calendar months.

    I was a co-founder of Sequent Computer Systems.

July 1977 - Jan 1983: Staff Engineer, Intel Corporation

    Primary engineer behind Intel's first implementation of UNIX (Xenix) on
    an i8086 platform.  This involved work with Microsoft engineers and
    adaptation of Xenix to an Intel i8086 system.

    Design and implementation of the iRMX/86 Basic IO System.  iRMX/86
    is/was a real-time operating system; the BIOS was an asynchronous IO
    service (drivers and file-system) on this system.  Participation in all
    aspects of iRMX/86 specification.

Languages & Environments

    Java, C++/VC++, C, many shell/scripting languages (awk, sed, ksh, sh,
    etc).  Less recent: Smalltalk (ST/V Win32 (Team/V and Parts) and
    Visualworks), numerous macro assembly languages.  Brief introduction to
    Visual Basic.  Some study of Prolog.  Many others not recently used.

    Comfortable working with and administration of Windows NT, Window 95,
    16-bit Windows, UNIX.

    Partial fluency in German.

Education

    Instructor for "Introduction to Object Oriented Programming"
    (Smalltalk and C++), Oregon Graduate Institute, fall term 1992.
    Similar class taught internally at Sequent, summer 1993.  Smalltalk
    only version (ST/V Win32) taught winter 1994.

    University of Wisconsin, Madison:  MS Comp Science 1977
    Rensselear Polytechnic Institute:  MS Mathematics  1975
    Rensselear Polytechnic Institute:  BS Mathematics  1975

Publications

    "Persistent Storage for a Workflow Tool Implemented in Smalltalk",
    Bob Beck and Steve Hartley, OOPSLA Proceedings 1994.

    "Hitting the Relational Wall", Mary Loomis, Journal of Object
    Oriented Programming, January 1994 (Mary interviewed myself and Steve
    Hartley of Sequent for this article).

    "Pragmatic Multiple Inheritance", Bob Beck, The Smalltalk Report,
    Volume 3 Number 2, October 1993.

    "Shared Memory Parallel Programming in C++", Robert D. Beck,
    IEEE Software, July 1990.

    "AAMP: A Multiprocessor Approach for Operating System and Application
    Migration", Robert D. Beck, Operating Systems Review (SIGOPS), Volume
    24 Number 2, April 1990.

    "A Parallel Programming Process Model", Robert D. Beck and Dave
    Olien, IEEE Software, May 1989.

    "A Parallel Programming Process Model", Robert D. Beck and Dave
    Olien, Winter Usenix 1987.

    "VLSI Assist for a Multiprocessor", Robert D. Beck, Robert A. Kasten
    and Shreekant Thakkar, ASPLOS-II proceedings, October 1987.
    Presented this paper at ASPLOS.

    "VLSI Assist in Building a Multiprocessor UNIX System", Bob Beck and
    Bob Kasten, Summer Usenix 1985.  Presented this paper at Usenix.

    "Multiprocessing With UNIX", Robert D. Beck and Robert A. Kasten,
    Systems and Software, October 1984.

    "The Design of an Asynchronous IO Service", Robert D. Beck, Intel
    iRMX86 Technical Symposium, 1981.

    "Four Aspects of Device Independence", with Bruce Schafer, Intel
    iRMX86 Technical Symposium, 1981.

References:

    Available on request.

Interests

    Computer gaming, Didjeridu playing, stunt kite flying, reading, music.
