NEW OUT RIDERS HIGH COUNCIL MEETING CODE OF CONDUCT

INTRODUCTION

The purpose of this document is to familiarize *NOR/ members with the procedures at 
*NOR/ High Council (HC) meetings and to set guild lines for conduct at HC Meetings.  
Anyone not following these guild lines will be ask to leave.

Everyone is welcome at HC meetings, however only active HC members may make motions 
and or vote on those motions.  The HC consists to the persons that have been 
promoted to the rank of  Lord or Lady and one person appointed by the CDM to 
represent the Dungeon Masters Guild, and one person from the Circle of Elders 
to represent that Group.

A high council member will act as moderator and conduct 
the meeting.  A quorum of 50% of the active HC members are required for any motions 
to be passed.  In emergencies proxies from HC member my be used to meet the quorum requirement.
An agenda is circulated to High Council members before the meeting.  
It contains the details of what is going to be discussed at the HC meeting.  

It usually reads something like this:
  1) Call to Order
  2) Duchy Reports - in random order including DMG report.
  3) Old Business - items that were tabled at previous meetings
  4) New Business - new motions the HC wishes to discuss.
  5) Meeting adjournment

Persons below the rank of Duke or Duchess are requested to discuss any "new ideas" 
with their Duke or Duchess before bring them up at HC meetings.  Dukes and Duchess are 
requested to contact HC members with ideas and get discussion of these ideas placed 
on the agenda.

MESSAGE COLORS
In the interest of HC members retaining their sanity and eye sight certain message 
colors are mandated.  All persons attending a HC meeting will set their background 
message color to BLACK.  Foreground color can be of any color accept for the following:
Yellow - HC MEMBER who is moderating  the meeting.
Red - HC MEMBER.
White - DUKE or DUCHESS
Green - Dungeon Master Group

SPEAKING AT MEETINGS
To speak at a meeting a *NOR/ member must first  be recognized by the moderator.  
A person wishing to be recognized must type a "?" to be recognized by the moderator.  
The moderator will then, usually in the order that people asked to be recognized, 
state the persons name and give them the floor.
Any other discussion which occurs between *NOR/ members should be done using the 
whisper feature.  This include greetings and good-byes.

3/1/95