From 5286847219869007209
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,58d3c118d069e201
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-07-28 05:08:47 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F25120D.22FC9EFD@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Some Thoughts :)
References: <3f24a635$0$23585$5a62ac22@freenews.iinet.net.au>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 157
Date: Mon, 28 Jul 2003 12:13:39 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.235.186
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1059394419 66.109.235.186 (Mon, 28 Jul 2003 08:13:39 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 28 Jul 2003 08:13:39 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:294814



James Hicks wrote:

> Have been doing a bit of grouping in PoI and PoD lately, they're both
> somewhat more brutal than PoJ but vastly better exp if you can get a group
> to work. Have finally worked out how to reliably single pull in the common
> camps of both of these planes, although it does involve being willing to FD
> and subsequently do the real thing if feigning fails.
>

RD is a heck of a way to handle adds, time consuming and mana consuming to put
you back on your feet and all buffed up, not to mention the sting of any lost
exp left over after your rez, assuming you got one.

Most camps in POI and POD don't involve casters, instead of using RD I'd
reccomend employing elementary crowd control.  Given that half the classes in
the game can either root, mez, or charm, and all the classes that can slow can
do at least one of those (plus if you were using RD, the classes that can rez
can all at least root), its better to just bring your add in and let the group
deal with it.

>
> Anyways, my first thought is: Are the planes designed for twinks or what?
> I've got a full suit of acrylia plate on with some parts upgraded to Blood
> Ember, and it isn't really enough to tank unless i'm in a group with a
> cleric AND a shammy. Well, it's ok in PoI now at 56 but still sucks in PoD.
> Mobs there *are* white and yellow to me in the camps I'm at, but still, I've
> always thought a full group of competant people should be able to handle a
> yellow or even low red mob... considering the 6:1 odds, WITHOUT having to be
> twinked to hell?
>

Nope, at low levels you can solo red mobs, then you can partner them, then you
can group them, then you have to raid force them.  This is the way the game is
designed, mob power goes up faster than player power as you level.   The flip
side of that is that item quality also soars, so that if you are using raid
forces to kill hard targets, you end up with very good gear compared to whats
out there you can solo or get in groups.  If you have a group kitted out in
excellent gear, they can do things that once would have been impossible without
three times as many people.


>
> Second thought: What is UP with pickup groups? Why do people play in a group
> for 10 minutes then piss off without finding a replacement and stranding the
> group without a healer or slower or tank or puller whatever other vital role
> they played? Why do they feel this is ok behavior? 5 other people now
> sitting on their butt contemplating their navels for 20 mins or more waiting
> for a replacment to be found and guided to the camp... Gives me the shits.
>

Because they have decided that your group is a lame waste of their time.  Rude
of them, sure, but anyone who takes the time to find a group in their 50s is
almost certainly prepared to play for longer than 10 minutes, if they are
leaving that quickly, its not them, its you.   They also feel that since you
only had them for ten minutes, you really haven't invested much effort getting
wherever you are, or lost much time looking for someone with their
qualifications.

I've done the reverse, joined a group, telling them up front I could only be
there a couple hours, then stayed another hour past when I meant to leave while
looking for a replacement.  This is when my only deadline was artificial, I
wanted to go to bed or something... but if I had an actual RL commitment, or
something really came up, I'd not stand on ceremony nearly so long.  There are
times when I can only stick around for ten minutes, and spend some of that time
semi afk gettting ready to leave, this is why old world (dungeon crawl) groups
should always include a porter, so if something unforseen makes the group
untenable, its easy to get everyone out to somewhere they can start over from.

>
> Third thought: Why are there so many twinks out there? The number of times
> I've given up MT position to a knight or warrior 5 levels below me because
> they've got 1300AC and 500 more HP than I do is.... stunning. Something like
> half the characters in these first level planes seem to be stupendously
> twinked - cultural at LEAST. Yes I'm jealous :)

Its hard to look on anyone in their 50s as a twink, although some of these do
exist.  Many people in their 50s started as twinks, but by the 50s most have
little they couldn't have earned for themselves, in fact a lot of "honest"
characters are better equipped than those that started as twinks, because the
twinks got gear that was unbelievable for a level 5 character, and haven't
really bothered upgrading it much since, concentrating on leveling up while the
"honest" characters stop and take the time to work on quests and farming cash
and going on raids to keep upgrading.

Most good gear is "no drop" as you get higher level, which means that you can't
twink with it very easily even if you want to; the character has to be there to
get the drop.  Its possible in some cases to take him to the spot where it
drops, log him out, and kill with your main till what you want drops... except
that usually it also requires raid sized forces to get the drop, and there's
usually someone actually there who can use the item, and gets preference over
someone's alt.

As a tank, gear is of paramount importance to you.  If you don't have the best
gear, you are relegated to secondary status, no two ways about it.  So you need
to work on gear, even if its to the exclusion of leveling up for a while.  Seek
out cash camps, say Death Row in POJ, or NG in Sebelis, or heck, even doing Hill
Giants in RM.  Collect cash to upgrade your gear as best you can in the Bazaar,
which is probably quite a lot.  At the same time, find a good guild around your
level, and start working with them on raids and so forth, and gradually start
collecting some of that drop only gear that will be an even better upgrade.
Both these practices will cost you exp; as you've observed, POJ isn't as good in
the exp department as POD, and anything old world like Seb is even worse, and of
course HG are green to you; at the same time, raid mode loses you the whole new
group bonus thing, plus splits your exp flow among a couple dozen people, raid
exp is usually only about enough to offset the occaisional death exp loss.

>
> Fourth thought: I remember the horrific struggle I had to solo pieces of
> decayed plate from lizards in feerott to quest my precious few slots of
> Darkforge armour... and the... minor dissapointment I felt when I found out
> I could buy bits of darkforge in the bazaar for (then) 50-100pp... followed
> by the subsequent LESS minor dissapointment I felt when I realised how CRAP
> darkforge is compared to what's available in the bazaar. I think the game
> designers should have put some reliable mechanism in place that made these
> lower level quests still worth doing even once the expansions came out. Or
> was it a pure commercial decision? Having expansions is *compulsory* because
> trying to quest old world armour is such a (comparitive) waste of your life
> now?

The expansions aren't compulsory, they are merely compelling.  And yes, the
designers -want- you to buy the expansions!  This is why ROK was required to
level past 50.  Not compelling, compulsory, without ROK you were stuck at 50
with a full exp bar while others could kill the same mobs and advance onward and
upward.  Subsequent to that, they've been kinder, but still, without Velious you
can't get velious armor, much less the next step NTOV/WTOV gear and so forth,
without that advancing into SOL+ stuff is extremely difficult.  SOL introduced
not only high end content like velious did, but eventually (once they got it
working) the bazaar, which advanced buying and selling as a way to upgrade by
twentyfold; no longer did you have to suffer standing around wasting your time
auctioning in EC, or shopping there on and off for days, and ten times as many
people or more -do- set up to sell their stuff since its so much simpler.  POK
introduced not only higher end content to continue on to post SOL, but also
fantastic experience for the 50+ set, and amazingly improved travel capability;
without POK you waste vast amounts of time simply moving around (since the taxi
services have largely closed up shop, its worse than it was pre POK if you don't
have POK).  Further, POK added levels 61 to 65 to the game, repeating the ROK
plan.

LOY is the odd man out, a supplement that doesn't boost the high end really,
rather it enriches the middle, adding a couple new spells per class that aren't
really all that important if you are much higher level, and generally featuring
group or solo content, and thus little in the way of raid level high end gear;
the only really important item would have been charms, except that they were so
rare and generally crappy that few pursued them.  The map function is great but
not game altering in the way that POK travel (or SOL travel prior to that) was.
And LOY sales have lagged compared to other supplements, SOE learning a harsh
lesson; if you don't make an expansion compelling, it won't do record box office
business.

That said, you have to wonder what they are thinking about in terms of LDON,
which so far shows all the signs of lacking any compelling content, just as LOY
did.  Perhaps sales of LOY aren't as bad as we think they are...

Bergh, 65 cleric, Morel-Thule



