From 3836001609348412142
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f0f29f8f4205b45f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-09 05:25:32 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!uni-berlin.de!82-37-9-171.cable.ubr02.wolv.blueyonder.co.UK!not-for-mail
From: "-martin" <nospam-villa_nospam_@cheerful.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Monual's GoD Loots
Date: Tue, 9 Mar 2004 13:25:23 -0000
Lines: 140
Message-ID: <c2kgkb$1nhbnk$1@ID-199534.news.uni-berlin.de>
References: <c2ij36018l4@enews4.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 82-37-9-171.cable.ubr02.wolv.blueyonder.co.uk (82.37.9.171)
X-Trace: news.uni-berlin.de 1078838731 58240756 I 82.37.9.171 ([199534])
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:22769

"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:c2ij36018l4@enews4.newsguy.com...
> Alas, we found that this was, indeed, bugged, and after trying over and
over
> and over again to get the right killshots, we finally got kicked from the
> expedition when time ran out.  Ah well; we'll try again after the patch
> tomorrow night.

The current bug is a warp to the zonein, when you try and enter the final
named room, and agro something.

The original bug has been fixed on most servers (i.e different servers are
running different versions of the zone code..) so if you arent being warped
to the zonein constantly, it may well be that your version is fixed.. and
you just did it wrong.  It sure does suck when you arent sure how to kill a
non-linear event, and don't even know if your doing it wrong.. or if its
just bugged :)

> corpses to the zone-in and reform there.  One thing I really dislike about
> GoD: how difficult the Corpse Runs are.  You can't bind anywhere in GoD;
the
> closest I've been able to get is Nedaria.  So you have a long run past
mobs,
> some of which see invis, run faster than SoW, and hit really hard.  I have
> made it a practice to have a corpse at Natimbi loaded with invisibility
<snip>
> folks as they get dragged or summoned.  I just don't get how making it so
> difficult to recover from group or raid wipes is considered fun.  I really
> think SOE blew it big time on this; GoD can be such a chore, and a non-fun
> chore at that, simply because they made CR's so gosh-darned difficult.

No, people are just lazy, and too used to the easy-mode PoP grave yards.

How easy did you recover from VT wipes, back in the day?  That place had
very few safe spots, rapid respawn rates, and was very tough "in the day".
It was also a long trek, through the "deadly" ME and Umbral, and then if you
had luck, Rumblecrush would pop sometime between zoning into VT to raid, and
when you wiped (and he sees invis!), remember he guards the VT zonein

What about nToV, VP, ST?   Those zones were all unforgiving on CR, and
partially what made the mobs in those zones such a challenge.  In particular
the keyed zones - for the longest time, the Sleepers key wasn't even
soulbound.  If your whole guild wiped in ST.. you were fucked =)

THAT was rough, and that was fun as hell.  If the game is slowly shifting
back to that kind of era, well.. its a year too late, after so many
dumbing-downs, but roll on real challenge.

Back in the day when my guild killed Tormax, it was a hard as shit pull.
The mobs ran faster than you, could kill you fast and easy, and made sure it
was never totally trivial.  5kHP and tormax (or anything in that room)
hitting on your back meant you had to pull out all the stops, to stay ahead
of him and deliver him safely.

Luclin, PoP?  Oh man, such tension. Throw a shuriken, press auto run.. then
afk / type / pick my ass, while I safely deliver the mob to the raid. It
can't gain on me, theres like zero damn risk

Imo its a good addition, to not easily outrun every single mob in the game
again.  Sure it makes pulling hard, its friggin brutal at times now, and im
gonna die a whole lot more as a result, but at least it adds some risk, some
kind of element of danger to make the game fun.  I can't just auto run a mob
back to camp now, merrily chat away with absolute zero risk to myself.

People got lazy, skill and everything else required to overcome real tough
challenges suffered as a result.. maybe GoD is a sign thats all to change. I
sure hope so, and the raids thus far are a sure sign of it (theres plenty of
thought in them, unfortunately almost every raid that isnt broken, is
incredibly, stupidly easy)

> the trial zone-in, moving through a bunch of see-invis mobs.  Everyone has
> to use their little tricks for rushing past such mobs; for clerics, than
> means casting Divine Aura and hoping you get there before it wears off.

If you just follow the warrior in (with disc, DA, whatever) he will clear
the way and take all blows for you anyway.  It <looks> tough to get to the z
oneins, but when it all comes together and everybody zones in unscathed,
you'll see its just a perception.

> warrior.  We two clerics try spamming fast heals on the tank - the mob
puts
> out just insane damage.  Alas, I completely forgot to cast Divine
> Intervention on the warrior, and a nasty damage spike kills him.  We
> immediately zone out.  After the mob resets we zone in, rebuff, and try
> again, this time with DI on the tank.

<snip>

> The mob comes.  We keep the tank up for quite a while.  DI goes off once,
> but we keep healing.  Finally, though, I run out of mana - spamming fast
> heals is expensive.  The other cleric is also out of mana, and the tank
> dies, followed quickly by the monk.

You are talking about trial 2 I assume.  The named who is immediatly at the
zonein, with 2 lullable mobs, either side of him.

How the hell were you wiping twice to it?? =p
Its easier than trial 1 (where 2 chealers, be it cleric or druid, are needed
to complete the trial), we farmed it for a period, because the ring (always
drops) is so nice.

We didnt have 2 clerics, heck we didn't even have 2 chealers.  Warrior,
Shaman, Cleric and 2 dps was our makeup.  The cleric easily kept the tank
alive for the duration of the fight (5 heals from the shaman -- go go dps
shamans !), anyway with 5 people, we found it ridiculously easy (cleric had
20mana at the end)

Did the mob spawn any pets? (trial 1 named is very near to zonein, and drops
earring common/ring rare)
In that case i could understand your difficulties some, as its a harder mob,
and also requires CC. (I 2boxed a chanter for trial 1 farming, and the
shaman 2boxed the tank for it though, so its not crazy hard. We did use 2
healers for trial 1, however)

> That kind of sums up Gates of Discord as a whole.  Stupidly difficult to
get
> to, stupidly difficult to recover from wipes, mobs that do massive DPS,
loot
> that's on par with Time loot.  It's not as fun as I'd hoped - but I have
to
> admit, I'm happy with the loot so far.  We'll have to see what the future
> holds; perhaps I'll be yearning for a new breastplate soon.  =)

There are several small things you can do, to make certain fights easier..
when you have a rough time, e.g a wipe with a very powerful group (e.g 2
clerics in trial 2), or at best, a near wipe, very close win.. look around..
read emotes.. its too early to give spoilers =p  But you are missing
something.

Also, whilst mobs have incredible DPS, they have next to no HP.  PoP mobs
had big dps and big hp.. at least we get a break this time! (PoP promised
short, explosive fights, that didnt require long chains.. which is why
virtually every ep named and god is a long cheal chain..)

Hopefully the raids get fixed and toughened up.. the group expeditions are
spot on!

-m




