From -7451980806006414052
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5f50e5cf7f49801b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-09 07:37:59 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsxfer.eecs.umich.edu!enews.sgi.com!news-out.superfeed.net!propagator2-maxim!feed-maxim.newsfeeds.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To:  emporer@dejazzd.com
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Positioning mage pets
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 95
Message-ID: <Lktrb.2301$y5.134689@nnrp1.ptd.net>
Date: Sun, 09 Nov 2003 15:47:55 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.178
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1068392875 66.109.254.178 (Sun, 09 Nov 2003 10:47:55 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 09 Nov 2003 10:47:55 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6521

  I've said this many times, although I don't actually have proof its 
true, logic suggests its at least on the right track:  melee other than 
the MT should be behind the mob so as to avoid 
parry/block/dodge/riposte.  The figure I've seen for this is that in 
this position you do around 15% more damage.

I think this may be an overgeneralization, at low levels mobs don't seem 
to do any of those things much at all... but since most of the game is 
post 50, maybe its a decent rule after all, and learning to do it at low 
levels wouldn't hurt anyway.

But here's my secret... I've been ignoring it as an issue for my latest 
melee character; my mage.  OK, he's not melee.  But a significant 
portion of his damage output IS delivered via melee; namely the pet.

Back when I was running my warrior character I practiced this 
assiduously; if I was designated MT I stood in front of mobs, if someone 
else was I stood behind or if there was a  rogue I'd stand off to the 5 
o'clock or 7 o'clock position.  Same for my bard, inasumuch as he meleed 
at all (less and less as he leveled up).  Even my heaviest hitting melee 
character, my cleric, same story.

But as a mage, I tend to just send in the pet and let him engage where 
he engages.

Yesterday I decided to change that, get started working on 
positioning... in a few levels my water pet will start having the 
backstab skill, I'm told, and I need to be taking advantage of that when 
it happens.

So there I am in an LDoN run with some people I've gone with many times 
before.  The warrior and cleric are a tight team, lull and arrow pulling 
back to designated killing areas or occaisionally calling "charge" to 
engage mobs in place.  We always fight in open areas because of this... 
so I watch for engage position and move around till I'm on the far end 
of this, wait for my pet to catch up with me, then send him in. 
Frankly, I'm hit or miss with this, my pet never ends up in front of the 
mob, but he's on one side or the other as much as he's really square on 
behind it.  Having not played a rogue past level 12 or so (and that 
loooong ago) I'm not really sure how much leeway there is on the "back" 
part of "backstab" and of course my pet doesn't really do it yet even 
though I'm using the water one, so he's no help.

We aren't DPS heavy; a 5 man group including an enchanter who isn't 
using a charmed pet or making sure her animation gets engaged, heck, she 
doesn't even cast nukes, she slows mobs but mostly lands that after the 
mob starts to run (this chanter didn't make my friends list, I'm afraid) 
and a cleric who legitimately isn't wasting time nuking or meleeing as 
between massive amounts of lulling and significant healing efforts. 
That leaves me, warrior, and our fifth man, an SK.  Midway thru the SK 
pulls out claiming family trouble.. which is a legit excuse, but pretty 
annoying for the rest of us.  Still, we squeak thru with a few minutes 
to spare.

Then during the mop up stage I send a tell to the warrior explaining 
about melee position and damage, and ask if he can try waltzing the mobs 
around so my pet is in the rear.  We chat about it for a bit and then 
start trying it.  Works like a charm, I send in pet and he swings mob 
around till pet is in position.  After a while of this he's pulling mobs 
back and turning them to face the party even before he calls assist, so 
the instant my pet engages its in position.  We do a second run with a 
ranger replacing the SK, and the warrior really tightens this skill up 
by the end of that, he's very "trainable".

Upshot of this is that the second run my pet is engaged about 10% sooner 
on each mob's HP bar, plus I'm able to nuke once or twice every single 
mob and still never run into mana loss, while before I had to skip every 
third mob or so.  Why?  Because I was wasting valuable "on my butt" time 
every pull getting pet into position!  I could have done this by guard 
here parking him... except that this is LDoN, and that means constant 
movement, further, I'd still have to rely on the puller putting the mob 
where I wanted it relative to my pet; he wasn't necessarily pulling to 
the exact same spot each time, or facing the same way to engage each 
time, after all, he had no reason to do so.

I was also somewhat safer, not running forward past the fight position, 
which means closer to mobs, potential roamers, running over traps... I 
was in a caster's natural position back past the battle spot at all 
times.  This particular warrior/cleric pair this wasn't a problem, lulls 
were very effective (on a previous run I'd convinced the cleric to load 
up on cha gear for lull duty and now we did two runs and no lull resist 
aggro) and efficient, and of course there was no FD pulling going on for 
  me to screw up; I didn't eat one add the whole first run.

I'd done the positioning dance before, myself, as my shaman; I MA'd 
quite a lot when it was just me and my pet, and noticed a difference if 
I did the waltz. It wasn't hard to do either, and didn't interfere with 
my own melee output (which mattered less and less as the shaman leveled up).

So, despite hearing mages talk about their positioning prowess I'm 
pretty convinced that on a group level, my positioning skill is going to 
come in how well I can explain to the MA what I want him to do.

Splendid One, 48 lazy ass gnomage, Firiona Vie



