From 3642135047299579959
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,12b1ffa3b8d0fc81
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-16 00:53:57 PST
From: "Diablo" <diablo@hellfire-clan.f2s.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <jmd7ju068t41j34htd6ut4kfca958ohafb@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: Simple Archetype Question
Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2002 09:56:19 +0100
Lines: 262
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6700
NNTP-Posting-Host: 195.137.34.54
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: 195.137.34.54
Message-ID: <3d33ce5d@post.newsfeed.com>
X-Trace: post.newsfeed.com 1026805341 195.137.34.54 (16 Jul 2002 02:42:21 -0500)
Organization: Newsfeeds.com http://www.newsfeed.com 100,000+ UNCENSORED Newsgroups. The #1 Usenet Service on the Planet!
X-Comments: This message was posted through Newsfeed.com's, FREE  publicly accessible Usenet Server   -  "post.newsfeeds.com"
X-Comments2: IMPORTANT: Newsfeed.com does not condone, nor support,  spam or any illegal or copyrighted postings.
X-Comments3: IMPORTANT: Under NO circumstances will postings containing illegal or copyrighted material through this service be tolerated!!
X-Report: Please report illegal or inappropriate use to <abuse@newsfeeds.com>
X-Abuse-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers, INCLUDING the body (DO NOT SEND ATTACHMENTS)
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!news-hog.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!news-out.nuthinbutnews.com!propagator-sterling!news-in.nuthinbutnews.com!news-in-sterling.newsfeed.com!post.newsfeed.com!not-for-mail
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:212329

*** post for FREE via your newsreader at post.newsfeed.com ***


"tobai" <tobai@i.hate.spam.but.hotmail.still.works.com> wrote in message
news:jmd7ju068t41j34htd6ut4kfca958ohafb@4ax.com...
> Ok, let me start off.
>
> I quit almost a year ago.  (Before Luclin).
>
> I quickly read about archetypes and class abilities after(at?) 51+.
>
> What is this about?  Just to understand the spending experence to gain
points
> which will get put into abilities which you can custumize better.
>
> So, lets just say, I'm 60, all kills and exp I gain will goto another exp
meter?
> Which goes towards points?  Am I'm understanding this correctly?
>
> Is this second meter done the same thing as level exp?  so gaining the
first
> point is easier then gaining the 2nd skill point... etc, etc.. etc...?  Or
do
> you just gain points when leveling up (like the 5 training points you get
for
> every ding?)
>
> Is there a limit on how many skill points you can gain?  Which will
naturally
> answer this question, whats to stop someone from gaining 5 levels in +str,
then
> +5 levels in +sta... another +X skill level in each of the attributes til
> everything is max out.  Is that possible?  (Given enough time)
>
> I'm just asking a few basic question, I'm sure this has been explain
better on
> guild boards and such, so if you happen to remember it, just throw the url
> towards me and I can read more about it.
>
> I only noticed planeteq's alternate advancement guide, which just tells
what
> each ability does.
>
> Thanks, I know it's a simple question, that probably anyone who's playing
atm
> can answer.

CUT FROM EQ MANUAL SUPLEMENT

APPENDIX D - Alternate Advancement for Shadows of Luclin

Alternate Advancement

The alternative advancement system allows anyone who has purchased and
installed EverQuest(r): Shadows of Luclin to further customize their high
level (51+) characters. Customized features include things such as minor
permanent statistic and resistance boosts, unique skills based on your class
(warrior, magician, etc.) or archetype (fighter, magic user, and priest),
and general skills available to everyone. These skills include anything from
enhanced metabolism to improvements in skills already available to your
class.  You can also gain a title for your character based on the choices
you make when enhancing your character.  These titles will be visible to
other players.

Gaining these alternate skills and powers will require the expenditure of
experience points.  You will be able to funnel incoming experience either
into your alternative advancement pool or into your standard experience
pool. You can even choose to have a percentage of your incoming experience
go into each pool.  Once enough experience has entered the alternative
advancement pool, you will receive skill points that may be used to
acquiring your enhancements. When you acquire the proper amount of training
points, you will have the option of choosing which enhancement you wish to
gain.  Some enhancements may have prerequisites.  A prerequisite is a skill
or skills that you will need to obtain before you can get the enhancement.

Experience loss due to death suffered by the character will be taken from
the "Leveling" experience pool, it will not impact your alternative
advancement pool.

You can access the Alternate Advancement menu by clicking on the ADV button
in the inventory screen.

Note:  All characters will be able to open the interface screen for
Alternate Advancement.  But only those that actually purchase the Shadows of
Luclin expansion will be able to earn any of these abilities.

Also Note:  EverQuest is an evolving game.  We may add new abilities or
change existing ones at a future date.  We will, of course, attempt to keep
changes to a minimum and will update this document to reflect such changes.

Unlocking Archetypes and Class Abilities:

There are three types of Alternate Abilities:  General, Archetype and Class
Abilities.  Each is a stepping stone for the next.  Attaining a certain
number of General abilities is required before you can learn any abilities
from your Archetype.  Similarly, you will have to attain a prerequisite
number of abilities from your Archetype to start gaining abilities from your
Class group.   There are also level requirements for each of these levels.
Keep in mind that you can't gain any of these abilities unless you own
Shadows of Luclin.

These requirements are in addition to any prerequisites needed for some
abilities.

General abilities:  A character must be level 51 or higher to open up the
General abilities.
Archetype abilities:  A character must have spent six skill points on
General abilities and be 55th level or higher to open up the Archetype
abilities.
Class abilities:  A character must have spent twelve skill points on
Archetype abilities and be 59th level or higher to open up the Class
abilities.

Skill Levels and skill points:

Once you have gained enough experience points toward alternate advancement
(enough to fill the experience bar) you will earn one skill point.  It is
these skill points that allow you to purchase alternate advancement
abilities.  Each ability will require a certain number of skill points to
purchase one skill level with that ability.

Every ability available through the Alternate Advancement system has a skill
level associated with it.  For many of these abilities there is only one
skill level, meaning that once you purchase the ability you have attained
all the skill available for that ability.  But several abilities have more
than one skill level.  Gaining a second or third (or more) skill level in an
ability will improve that ability.  However, it is important to note that a
second skill level is usually more costly than the first, and the third more
costly than the second.  That expense is rewarded, however.  If additional
skill levels cost more, the skill level also means a greater increase in the
power of that ability.

Let's look at two examples:

Improved Natural Strength has five skill levels.  However, each skill level
for this ability costs one skill point.  Each time you raise your skill
level with this ability you gain two points of strength.

Healing Adept (from the Priest Archetype) has three skill levels.  Each
skill level costs progressively more skill points.  The first skill level
costs two skill points for a 2% improvement in healing spells.  The second
skill level costs four points, but improves that percentage to 5%.  The
third skill level costs six skill points, but raises the percentage to 10%.

Titles:

Upon attaining enough skill ranks with the Abilities of each type (General,
Archetype and Class), characters will be granted a title to show their
efforts.  The title for anyone meeting the requirements for General
Abilities will be given the title Baron or Baroness.  Other titles will be
given as the character progresses through their alternate advancement, but
we don't want to spoil the fun by giving them all away here.

Ability Types:

There are two types of abilities, passive and active.

Passive abilities are always on and always have effect.  Most abilities are
passive.  In fact, all General and all Archetype Abilities are passive.

Active abilities need to be triggered by the player.  Every active ability
has a Refresh Timer associated with it.  This indicates how long it will be
after using the ability before it can be used again.  Refresh Timers are
given with two times, in game time and real life time.  For every minute
that passes in the real world, 20 minutes passes in the game world.


General Abilities

The General abilities are available to any character level 51 and above that
has the Shadows of Luclin expansion.  All General Abilities are Passive.

Every skill level for every General ability costs one skill point.

Improved Natural Strength:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this
ability increases the character's base Strength by two points.

Improved Natural Stamina:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this
ability increases the character's base Stamina by two points.

Improved Natural Agility:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this
ability increases the character's base Agility by two points.

Improved Natural Dexterity:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this
ability increases the character's base Dexterity by two points.

Improved Natural Intelligence:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with
this ability increases the character's base Intelligence by two points.

Improved Natural Wisdom:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this
ability increases the character's base Wisdom by two points.

Improved Natural Charisma:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with this
ability increases the character's base Charisma by two points.

Improved Natural Fire Resistance:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with
this ability increases the character's base resistance to fire by two
points.

Improved Natural Cold Resistance:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with
this ability increases the character's base resistance to cold by two
points.

Improved Natural Magic Resistance:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level with
this ability increases the character's base resistance to magic by two
points.

Improved Natural Poison Resistance:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level
with this ability increases the character's base resistance to poison by two
points.

Improved Natural Disease Resistance:  (5 skill levels) - Each skill level
with this ability increases the character's base resistance to disease by
two points.

First Aid:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level increases the maximum
percentage of healing that the character can grant using the Bind Wound
skill.  The first skill level will increase the maximum by 10%, the second
by 20% and the third by 30%.

Improved Natural Run Speed:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level will
increase the character's base run speed.  This increase only adds to the
character's natural running speed, it will not function with any other speed
increase such as Spirit of Wolf or riding a horse.

Improved Natural Lung Capacity:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level
increases the time that the character can hold his breath.  The first skill
level improves lung capacity by 10%, the second by 25% and the third by 50%.

Improved Natural Metabolism:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level reduces
the character's need for food and water.  The first skill level reduces the
consumption of food by 10%, the second by 25% and the third by 50%.

Improved Natural Regeneration:  (3 skill levels) - Each skill level improves
the character's ability to heal.  Each skill level increases the character's
base regeneration by one point every six seconds.

Archetype Abilities

The Archetype abilities are available only characters level 55 and above
that have spent six skill points on General Abilities.  There are three
Archetypes - Caster, Melee and Priest.

Enchanters, Magicians, Necromancers and Wizards can choose abilities from
the Caster Archetype.
Monks, Rogues and Warriors can choose abilities from the Melee Archetype.
Clerics, Druids and Shaman can choose abilities from the Priest Archetype.

Hybrids can choose their abilities from the Archetypes of both of their
parent classes (with a few abilities excepted).

Paladins, Rangers and Beastlords receive both Priest and Melee Archetypes
Bards and Shadowknights receive both Melee and Caster Archetypes.


Important Note:  Some Archetype abilities are restricted and can only be
acquired by certain classes.  For example, Spell Casting Mastery improves
the use of specialization skills.  Hybrids don't get specialization,
therefore they can not gain the Archetype Ability to enhance specialization.
Other restrictions will be listed in the skill description.






 -----= Posted via Newsfeed.Com, Uncensored Usenet News =-----
http://www.newsfeed.com - The #1 Newsgroup Service in the World!
-----== 100,000 Groups! - 19 Servers! - Unlimited Download! =-----
                  


