From -5259996872861414055
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1808300db5e7d3bf,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-16 09:02:12 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!peer01.cox.net!cox.net!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3FDF3A90.6050601@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.0.1) Gecko/20020823 Netscape/7.0 (OEM-HPQ-PRS1C03)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Three down to the wire runs
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 130
Date: Tue, 16 Dec 2003 17:13:38 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.235.8
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1071594818 66.109.235.8 (Tue, 16 Dec 2003 12:13:38 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 16 Dec 2003 12:13:38 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11965

Did 3 LDoN yesterday, all down to the wire one way or another.

Tale the first:

First one was a hard Slaughter.  Early on, my KEI was dispelled, so I 
was on POTC plus C2 for mana regen, which really is about KEI level... 
but I'd gone in with KEI plus POTC!  At any rate, we pushed, and pushed 
hard, thru the entire run, I ran a mana deficit the whole time, losing 
about 5% per fight, then periodically running pet canni from 10% back up 
to FM when the puller was busy doing a pacify.  We made our final kill 
with five minutes to spare, no deaths, no names, and Only because 
everyone in the group was equally committed to the balls to the wall 
flat out steady killing plan. 32 points, three blue, four augments, LDoN 
the way it was meant to be, challenging and rewarding.


Tale the second

Second one was a hard assassination.  With KEI, POTC, and beasty mana, I 
had no problems keeping nukage up on High, and didn't have to ditch pets 
to do it, so fully buffed up and geared up pet the whole time.

Definately looking forward to the pet suspend AA, which should let me 
use Canni without losing this capability; in the previous one my pet 
damage output suffered because I kept putting new ones up, and for the 
first fight they wouldn't have their haste mask and pair of swords (I'd 
summon pet and throw him at fight immediately) and rarely got HOS since 
the shaman was also shy of mana constantly.

At any rate, we did even better this time, getting the boss spawned with 
35 minutes left to go, only two rooms ahead (I was able to run clicky 
eye in and spot the target, just where we suspected he'd be).  Then 
things went south.

Pulling the lead room, we somehow had a runner get away (despite raner 
snarer -and- rooting pet -and- stunning paladin; double belt and 
suspenders runner prevention!), bring back a room full, mez resist 
resulting in a rapid slaughter of the chanter, whereupon we called to 
Zone with eight uncontrolled mobs chewing us apart.  Shaman died on the 
way out, already LHP from canni when things hit the fan, and a bit lost 
with no map, followed by the cleric a bit later; the rest of us made it 
across the long zone, and I got out with 2% hp only because the paladin 
managed to stun the mob on my tail long enough for me to make it thru 
the final room; backstabber kept tagging me every time I had to stop to 
open a door en route, and by the end my run 3 wasn't faster than him 
anymore, I'd never have made it across that last room.

Those who lived zoned out and back in, I ran back in to the cleric's 
body, where I stayed till she arrived (must be bound at a LDoN, because 
it didn't take long at all) and COTH'd her to it, she looted, moved 
forward to the shaman body, rezzed him (he was bound in Gunthak of all 
places, making my sticking to POK bind spot seem a lot less selfish), 
and I moved forward to the disaster spot where I COTH'd the chanter when 
she zoned in.  With Canni and C2 we managed to get pretty well buffed 
and going again, cleared the room that had killed us with some effort 
(tough room for some reason, even without the snare problem) despite a 
lull resist getting us 3 at once and other irritations

Then with 5 minutes to go, we pulled the boss, along with one add the 
paladin puller said was unlullable (later found he meant it was level 
55+, so not lullable by paladin... we had a chanter and cleric in group, 
though, was it really unlullable?).  The add ended up killing the 
chanter, who said she'd stuck mez to it 5 times, it just kept coming 
even though no resist message.  Then it proceded to eat the cleric and 
the shaman before settling in on the paladin.  I couldn't pull it off 
them to try parking with the pet, so I concentrated on chain nuking the 
boss; we got him down to 20% when the paladin died, at which point I 
learned to my dismay that he summons; instead of being able to keep 
nuking and perhaps win while he ate the ranger and my pet, he summoned 
me and between him and the add I was a one round snack... funny thing is 
the Failure message came just before I died!  Ranger tried to run (in 
fact I suspect he tried to run before I was summoned, which would 
explain how a mage would be higher on the list than a ranger) but also 
got summoned and eaten.

To my dissapointment, the cleric was unwilling to try again for the 
consolation prize, I hate to surrender just because the reward isn't 
going to be as good, but even though we could have been ready to go with 
20 minutes to spare, facing the final boss again with -better- buff 
condition (because we wouldn't be rushed like after the first wipe) and 
a better plan (use one of the other lullers to stop that add)

Tale the third.

Then I joined my regular nightly group.  Our almost always there paladin 
wasn't around, nor the often there enchanter, we were ready to go three 
man when an occaisionally there beastlord showed up, so we went in with 
4.  Normal collect.  Second time for the day, my KEI got dispelled early 
on, this time no C2 or POTC either, I was on Beasty mana plus my 
recently gained TPP (4 mana per tic).  But as it was Normal, no problem, 
my pet plus one or two nukes per kill was adequate to the task, we were 
over halfway done by 30 minutes in.  Then we had a runner (far less 
surprising with no snare), but this one didn't go for help, he ran thru 
a boulder and under the world.  Eventually he ran so far that my pet 
gave up trying to follow him (beastlord's too)... at which point we 
decided to all camp out to clear aggro just in case.  Came back in and 
something happened to me that hasn't happened in a group since I was 5th 
level... I had no malachite to summon new pet!

Well, no rush, plenty of time left, I gated to POK, bought malachite 
(and a quick KEI since a friend was up and willing to hit me without me 
ungrouping), ran back to the dungeon, caught up with the group (Nice how 
there's no repops), summoned pet, started nuking, mob died... success!

In the five minutes I'd been gone, the trio got seven of the 8 drops we 
still needed, I was there just in time for the final drop, fully 55 
minutes before the deadline!  So it wasn't 'down to the wire' in the 
traditional sense, but -I- barely made it in time anyway.  IF I'd had 
any idea we'd get drops that quick I'd have just stayed and played 
wizard, or if my Rage of Zomm wasn't broken like cleric pets I'd have 
used him... but since I figured we'd be killing for another half hour, 
and had no KEI -and- couldn't pet canni to make up for it, I thought the 
5 minutes would be worth spending.  And in the long run they were, it 
didn't cost us the win, and we did spend the next 30 minutes wreaking 
havoc on the rest of the zone.  About one blue of exp, 22 points or so 
in LDoN, four augments (including another 5 int for me) and a named 
(lame bard drum)

This is what I like about LDoN; I had 3 adventures worth talking about, 
in nice compact goal driven runs full of challenges, pass or fail, all 
in one day.  Sadly, its often these days about a milk run getting few 
exp, no loot, an not all that many LDoN points, for a while I'd given up 
on them.  But the answer is to either go in short handed on normal, or 
talk the group into going Hard if you have a well balanced full group.

Oh, did I mention that even on the fail, I ended up with three blue 
minus a trifle for a rezed death?

Splendid One, 58 Gnomage, Firiona Vie



