From 4761780255456168416
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cf013e80b6224949
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-12 04:36:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!supernews.com!news-out.visi.com!hermes.visi.com!newsfeeds-atl2!falcon.america.net!eagle.america.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Samantha" <maiddaraya@yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <WW3s8.1303$qb1.32937@eagle.america.net> <20020408050735.06603.00002002@mb-mb.aol.com>
Subject: Re: Actual Journalistic Article about EQ
Lines: 264
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <UEzt8.165$jj4.7214@eagle.america.net>
Date: Fri, 12 Apr 2002 04:36:11 -0700
NNTP-Posting-Host: 63.69.48.31
X-Trace: eagle.america.net 1018611380 63.69.48.31 (Fri, 12 Apr 2002 07:36:20 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 12 Apr 2002 07:36:20 EDT
Organization: 24hoursupport.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:185516

Actually Sony worked with this reporter.  They sent her a copy of the
Trilligy(sp) and when she was able to find a computer to instal it on she
got a tour by a Verant representative.  I would assume that she also got her
stats from Sony and that they are accurate as far as people are truthful
when filling out the questionaire.  Just though this article would be a nice
break from BS about the lady blaming EQ for her sons death.

Enticing game causes addiction for some
When reality isn't enough, there's EverQuest -- an exotically captivating
and interactive online world.

EverQuest, or EQ, is an ever-expanding fantasy experience that's wildly
popular and dangerously addicting.

More than 425,000 people pay monthly fees to Sony Online Entertainment to
play.

And play they do. EQ typically keeps players captivated three or more hours
per day as they lead their virtual alter-egos through perilous journeys.

Players slay dragons in icy caverns, protect dwarves from evil giants,
transport food to elves and guide lost children to their parents.

And sometimes they meet the love of their life -- a real-world one.

That's what happened to Renee and Travis Godinez of Sonora.

"We just happened to be playing EverQuest on the Net one night and we got to
know each other," Renee Godinez recalled. Romance, marriage and a baby boy
soon followed.

But online adventures don't always have such happy endings. Some people
spend so much time in EQ's fantasy land that they ruin their marriages, lose
their jobs or flunk out of school.

The game can be that enticing.

Unlike books that can only be read or television that can only be watched,
interactive role-playing games like EQ let you create characters, pursue
adventures and visit exotic places.

You control your virtual fate.

"I play a bard," said Samantha Bush, 30, of Grayson. But before finding her
ideal character, Bush

spent time as a monk, a wizard and a paladin.

There are lots of character options. Players pick from among 14 races,
including dwarf, gnome, barbarian, troll and ogre. Then they choose one of
15 occupations, like druid, enchanter, necromancer, rogue, warrior and
beastlord.

Characters have varying traits -- like levels of intelligence or strength --
and have different skills and religions.

Players customize their facial appearance and pick their name.

"You can take on the role of your character and give it a personality. It's
kind of like play-acting," explained Bruce Economy, who works as EQ's lead
game master.

Seventeen-year-old Tom George of Modesto got hooked playing as a "half-elf
paladin."

"Who wouldn't enjoy playing a knight in a fantasy game?" asked George, who
plays 35 to 40 hours per week. "It's a fun game because it involves strategy
from you and fellow players to kill dragons and other foes. I love the
aspect of logging onto a game that takes you to a global perspective in
which you can hunt and talk with your friends."

Some evenings, as many as 100,000 people play EQ simultaneously. It is the
largest online multiplayer game in the ever-growing genre. Yet the fantasy
world isn't particularly overcrowded, because players divide themselves
between 44 computer servers.

The EQ world is identical on each server, but the players -- and their
gaming preferences -- differ. Some are more violent, with lots of
player-on-player battles. Others are heavy into role playing, with players
getting so deep into their characters that they insist in speaking in, say,
the elf language.

All players can travel to any of 152 zones, like the "Stump of Darkness,"
the "Academy of Arcane Science" and the "Sleepy Willow Inn."

"Wherever you go, you can interact with players and with nonplayer
characters that are created by the game. They're all fully interactive. You
can talk to them," said Al Bullock, 32, of Modesto, who has been playing
three years.

Players "talk" by typing words, just like in an Internet chat room.
Conversations can be one-on-one and very personal, or they can include a
group that gathers to plan a raid.

"The game is dynamic and ever-changing," Bullock said. "There are so many
different strategies that it's mind boggling."

Joseph Ceirante, a 16-year-old Central Catholic High School student from
Delhi, has played nearly two years. Through his "dark elf rogue" character,
he has met people and made friends from around the world.

"I can guarantee you that everyone who has played as long as me will say
that they came for the game and stayed for the people," Ceirante said.

Most of the more than 4,000 "quests" that EQ players can join in require
killing something -- like a dragon -- to complete, but players contend the
game isn't always violent.

"My cleric is in the process of doing a quest for a prayer shawl," said Lisa
Perez, 37, of Riverbank. To complete this quest, the character must feed
people, mix potions and learn pottery, baking, tailoring, fletching and
jewel craft.

"I get such a thrill out of completing a quest or helping someone complete
one of their quests," Perez said. "Some of the quest will require pulling
together 36 people to kill one mob. Events or raids like these require tons
of planning, organizing and patience."

Perez said she has "been known to sit playing for 15 straight hours during a
raid."

Most players get introduced to EQ by friends.

Jason Velasco, a junior at Modesto's Downey High School, said a buddy got
him hooked.

"He was always talking about killing monsters and going on quests and guild
raids. I finally got tired of being left out, and went out and bought EQ,"
said Velasco, who plays two to three hours a day weekdays and eight to 12
hours a day on weekends.

"A time sucker" is what Chris Worrall calls EQ. The Oakdale High student
said he played more 1,200 hours before finally kicking the EQ addiction in
January.

"I'm glad I'm done with it," Worrall said.

Escaping EQ's lure can be tough.

Katie Eaton flunked out her freshman year at the University of Kansas, in
part because she played EQ instead of studying.

"I had to take a year off from the game to break the addiction," said Eaton,
a 26-year-old biology major at California State University, Stanislaus.

These days, Eaton said she controls her EQ urges and plays only a couple of
nights a week in her Turlock dorm room.

Others aren't so disciplined.

The average EQ player is logged in 20 to 22 hours a week, according to Sony
Online Entertainment statistics.

A staggering 20 percent of players stay glued to EQ 60 to 80 hours per week.

"We try to stay away from using the word 'addicted,'" said Christy Fritts,
Sony's senior press-relations manager.

But like other addictions, the time-consuming EQ habit can destroy family
harmony. The game's nickname is "EverCrack," according to players, because
it can hook a person as fast as crack cocaine.

Support groups have emerged for "EverQuest widows" whose loved ones have
dumped them -- or simply ignore them -- in favor of the make-believe world.

One online Yahoo group devoted to the subject has EQ widows lamenting how
their marriages fell apart because they got tired of talking to the back of
their husbands' heads.

"I'm not ugly, stupid, or selfish, and I don't understand why he would
choose imaginary people over me," wrote one of the chat room's EQ widows,
who identified herself as Melody P.

Sony's Fritts said it is "unfair to solely blame EverQuest for couples
having problems. We can't take responsibility for breaking up marriages.
They must be playing to escape other things in their life."

Many couples, by contrast, play EQ together.

Michael and Tracy Beauchamp of Perth, Australia, e-mailed The Modesto Bee to
tell how they play 60 hours a week: "We have five children, and it is
actually an escape for us."

EQ also plays an integral role in the life of Scott Porco and Charly Barnard
of Lodi. They met while playing the game, and Porco eventually moved from
Boston to join Barnard in California.

"We play EQ together sitting in our office most weeknights when we get home
from work," Porco said. "And when we are not out camping, mountain biking or
at the gym, we play on the weekends."

Such a pastime isn't easy for most people to appreciate.

"I know many people will turn up their noses at what happened to me online,"
Barnard said. "I have only told close friends how Scott and I met, because
most people would never understand. But I am happy now, and I don't really
care who knows anymore."



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

EVERQUEST FACTS:

Description: Online massive multiplayer role-playing game Launched: March
16, 1999 Paid subscribers: 425,000 Average play time: 20 to 22 hours per
week Peak play time: 6-7 p.m., Pacific Time Record participation: 100,000
players simultaneously, during prime time Cost: $12.95 a month (after April
25 price increase) Player demographics: 80 percent male; 60 percent 20- to
35-year-olds; 80 percent United States resident; 29 percent high-tech worker
Expansion plans: New versions coming in French, German, Japanese, Korean and
Chinese languages Owners: Sony Online Entertainment Web site:
www.everquest.com



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

QUOTES "I am hooked on the game because I have a lot of real life friends on
it that were already playing or started playing around the same time I
signed up. It's a great place to hang out, keep in touch with my friends and
to play a very in-depth, interesting game in a massive online world. ... I
am definitely hooked on EverQuest and plan to be playing for a long time to
come. If I ever grow tired of my primary character, I can always create
another from a wide variety of races and classes and try out things in a
completely different way." -- Jason Geer, 27, Turlock

"Somehow, I couldn't resist the pull of the game. I wanted to slay dragons,
defeat gods and basically be a rogue ... I play a rogue because I wanted to
be that guy in the shadows who you just can't help but feel wary of. I began
playing because the game looked unbelievably cool. And it was. However, I
kept playing all this time because of the friends I made while playing." --
Joseph Ceirante, 16, Delhi

"There is a whole role-playing aspect of the game that some people ignore,
while others do only that. So unlike becoming engrossed in a novel where the
script is written for you, in EQ you can write your own script. As your
story unfolds, it becomes influenced by the other EQ players and the rules
of EQ itself. You can take on the persona of a snobbish high elf cleric, or
an ale-seeking dwarf warrior. How about a hairy-footed halfling druid? If
you want to be evil, you can be a deceitful dark elf rogue. You can become
whatever you are capable of imagining." -- Lisa Perez, 37, Riverbank

"I am hooked on EverQuest because it's not like a console game that you can
beat in a few weeks or use cheat codes, which is a main reason why console
games get boring. But with EverQuest, it's different. There is a lot more
replay value than with other games. ... EverQuest shows you how people
are -- some people are jerks, some are cool -- and learning how to work with
people and play the game and have fun." -- Jason Velasco, 16, Modesto

"It is a beautiful program for the handicapped. ... It's a virtual-reality
setting where you can get out, and no one has to know you have a physical
handicap." -- Nick Griego, 22, Modesto


"TheQuietDragon" <thequietdragon@aol.com> wrote in message
news:20020408050735.06603.00002002@mb-mb.aol.com...
> I would love to know where these articles get there so called demographics
as
> they have been never released by Sony/Verant.




