From 2090210196766141020
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,137fe37802acc25f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-27 08:46:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.media.kyoto-u.ac.jp!news-xfer.newsread.com!bad-news.newsread.com!netaxs.com!newsread.com!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3D42BDDF.D3CC5194@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Explain Battle Cleric, Please
References: <2eaaf97f.0207261001.2ef5756b@posting.google.com> <6v93ku81q63llt50sd5qjm4vbfhtm4ecuo@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 189
Date: Sat, 27 Jul 2002 15:36:04 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.233.72
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1027784164 66.109.233.72 (Sat, 27 Jul 2002 11:36:04 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 27 Jul 2002 11:36:04 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:217026



Valien wrote:

> On 26 Jul 2002 11:01:50 -0700, mattaid@hotmail.com (me) wrote:
>
> >From time to time, I will see someone claim they are a battle cleric.
> >I just assumed they were being silly, trying to get a chuckle or two.
> >
> >Lately, I have begun to suspect that this is a real pursuit of some
> >people.  Being a cleric myself, I can't say I have experience grouping
> >with these folks.  Could someone please explain to me how a battle
> >cleric works?
>
> There really is no such thing as a "Battle Cleric". The closest anyone
> could come is to twink with high AC gear, Haste, and a powerful
> weapon. Even with the best gear they would still not generate enough
> damage per second once they hit the low-mid 20s to be efficient. By
> that point all of the real melee classes and hybrids will have
> additional skills like Dual Weild, Double Attack, Parry, Block, etc.
> That is not even taking into account the better melee damage tables,
> and primary hand bonuses that clerics do not have access to. The only
> Priest class that could get away with this strategy is the Shaman
> (slows, DoTs, Regen, pet).
>

There are three seperate pursuits for a battlecleric.  One is to
function as a nuker... clerics aren't actually all that bad as nukers,
especially against undead.  If you have the healing sewn up by
someone else or are hunting in such a way as to not need much
(fear kiting, snare/DD kiting...) then a cleric nuker is a viable plan,
but few would refer to that as a battlecleric

There are however, two lines of melee action; one, damage
production, the second, damage absorbtion.

Damage production doesn't require a wealth of equipment,
all you need is one great weapon.  A haste item helps, as does
all the strength you can muster... but more than anything its
the weapon itself that counts.  Since you don't get any of the
bonus's that real melee characters do, the delay of the
weapon doesn't matter, only the ratio of damage to delay.
In fact (due to the bounce I'll go over later) a higher delay
is actually better.  I found 2hb weapons to be vastly superior
to 1hb weapons in this regard.  Of course that means you
only have one item instead of two, which probably means
less wisdom, and less AC, and less of any other stats you
could have had on -both- one hand items... but if you
really want damage output bang for your buck, the 2hb
weapons tend to be much cheaper for same ratio, and to
have a higher delay, to boot.  Way back in the day, when
I was doing this deliberately, I found I was outdamaging many
similar level paladins on a damage per minute basis, right up
to around level 44.  I think some subsequent changes to
damage of two handed weapons for melee characters probably
make this less possible now, but paladins dont' get dual weild,
which means you are only competing with their dual attack...
so if you have a much better weapon its entirely possible to
outdamage them.  Key is that ratio, and the fact that 2hb is
the least sought after weapon form out there, so prices on
them tend to be much lower than they would be on comperable
more classically useful weapons.  My original cleric, a high
elf, looted a Drakkal Ice Grinder in her 30s and became a
battlecleric after that.  My current cleric, a dwarf, bought
a Runewood Great Staff in his 20s for 100pp and found it
nearly as powerful... due in part to a str over 200.

As sponges, clerics have plate armor, lots of HP, good buffs...
they can actually soak up damage fairly well.  Trouble is,
when they get low, who is going to heal them?  So you need
to be able to back out of the fight and heal yourself.  Rooted
mobs, someone to taunt mobs off you, a mezzer who can
give you a break... lots of plans for this.  Generally not the
best plan to have cleric MA anything important... but a
very good plan indeed to have them sponge lesser mobs
in order to get their defense skill up, which will be a huge
bonus later in the game.

>
> >Is this a joke or the real thing?
>
> It's real, but you don't want to rely on one in a group.
>

Since clerics are so very useful as healers, stunners, rooters...
having one working melee when things get serious is not
viable.  Battleclerics with any sense work only when they
are not really needed as clerics... melee damage output
doesn't hurt even if it is on the pathetic side.  Make VERY
sure you aren't breaking mez, and that you have plenty of
mana and are paying attention to the rest of your group.

>
> >How do they contribute to a group - Melee?  Nukes?
>
> Generally, and when the crap hits the fan they are OOM.
>

Any plan a cleric follows along these lines should never see
them spending down past 50% mana.  Cleric heal reserve is
vital to the group, while their melee and nuke abilities are
a mere "wanted to be helpful" bonus


>
> >I can't see how a cleric can put out appreciable damage that would
> >otherwise be better spent medding up mana.
>
> That's the kicker. If the group is killing mobs so efficiently that
> the cleric is always near FM, then there is no harm in nuking or
> meleeing to keep skills maxed.

Yep, this is the real secret to a battlecleric...the hippocratic oath
obtains: first, do no harm (in this case, by burning mana that might
be needed on nuking, or by meleeing when you should have been
concentrating on healing and medding)

>
> >The only reasonable melee
> >output I could see doing was mentioned on a post a while back by Lance
> >Berg saying you could 'med bounce' the melee attacks.
>
> I don't see how that could work         at all. Mobs hit for near max
> damage if you are sitting. It would seem to me that you will take a
> terrible beating trying to get the extra med time.
>

It works very well, actually, although it seems it wouldn't.  The reason is

the seperation of damage and sponge jobs.  A "bouncing" cleric is
-not- sponging.  He'd do -terrible- as a sponge, taking full damage
from every hit.  Part of the point of a sponge is to -not- take so much
damage!  The bouncing cleric is working on melee skills (which in
the end are not all that important) and contributing damage while
medding just as much as if they weren't meleeing at all.  At lower
levels this really does work, less and less effective as you level up.
At level 44 (right when your melee skills cap out anyway) or so
the damage you contribute gets to be so much lower than that of
the real melee that its no longer worth keeping up the bounce.

>
> >I would suspect fighting undead is viable, given claims of some
> >clerics doing solo careers.  However, I just don't see how this can
> >be.  I have tried taking on undead solo in my late 40's, and it really
> >was not worth it.  If had all buffs up, and I'd end up with low health
> >and 20% mana after each kill.
>
> Not worth it to you based on down time. You could still solo for exp,
> which is more than many classes can do at those levels.

The key to killing undead is your undead nukes.  You shouldn't be
taking damage at all really, use root and nuke till root breaks, then
root again... no contact.  To make this work you need SOW or
TBoots, the latter would be a lot cheaper than SOW potions if
you intend to do this a lot.  Another alternative would be to fight
spectres, which are a pre-snared mob, but they have a DD (or is
it a lifetap) so you take damage on them too.

Another option, recently added, would be to use root and undead
DOTs, but till 52 these are actually less damage per mana than
undead DD.

At any rate, the exp per hour is lower than you'll see with a good
group, but:  you don't have to factor in the time to -find- a group,
you don't have to worry about it being a "good" group, and you
can make good use of marginal time; if you want to read the paper,
do chores, watch a TV show... you can kill something for a
minute, rest for 10 minutes afk, kill another something... if you
aren't "on keyboard" during those 10 minutes, this means you have
a kill per minute rate, the envy of all your friends!  Compare
to a melee using the same strategy, it takes them two minutes
to kill same mob (if they can kill it at all) and twenty minutes
to heal back to full.  Course sensible melee go after mobs they
can kill on less than half HP, so they can bandage back to half...
but then they don't get to not count the down time since they
actually need to pay some attention during it.

Neither of these approaches, though involves actually tanking your
mobs down solo.  While this approach is viable if well equipped
at low levels, again up in your late 30s early 40s your damage
production is just too low to keep up with the rapid increase in
mob HP, and soaring mob damage output will go up fast
enough that you won't be able to survive the fight starting from
full HP, unless you can channel out a root, back off, heal yourself,
and dive back in.  This works... but now you find yourself just
as LOM at end of fight as you did going the nuke it to death route.

Bergh



