From 8642310234101214956
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1a8a7ce1129a99f5
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-01 07:02:59 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.mindspring.net!not-for-mail
From: Fomar <fomar@no_one_here.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: LOIO for level 18 Iksar shaman?
Date: Fri, 1 Jun 2001 10:06:14 -0400
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Lines: 85
Message-ID: <MPG.15816b5ed6db0ddc9896b4@news.mindspring.com>
References: <fh7ehtgatvtc043es2574lktqnp6qr8p3d@4ax.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: a5.f7.b1.e8
X-Server-Date: 1 Jun 2001 14:02:08 GMT
X-Newsreader: MicroPlanet Gravity v2.30
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:80584

In article <fh7ehtgatvtc043es2574lktqnp6qr8p3d@4ax.com>, 
batchild1@home.com says...
> Would it be too early to take my just recently turned 18 Iksar shaman
> over to Lake of Ill Omen?  I'm under the impression that this zone is
> more between 20-30.  Are there any places/mobs that I could solo
> safely or would I be better off trying to get in a group/find a
> partner (I do quite a bit of soloing)?

Definately not to low.

> 
> And from reading so many posts saying how LOIO really sucks now
> because of all the idiots that go there, is it really that bad, or is
> it even worse?!  My only experience with LOIO has been fighting in the
> newbie zone, and the newbie zone is very nice and quiet; I've usually
> either been by myself or else maybe with one or two necros.

Yes the idiot factor is pretty high simply because the zone usually has a 
large population. My Iksar SK has hunted there alot and its very common 
for there to be over 100 people in the zone. However LOIO is a pretty 
slick zone. It can easily handle that. And despite the swarms of people 
of all the times I've hunted there (and I solo alot too) I've never had 
trouble getting mobs whenever I wanted. I usually just turn off OOC and 
SHOUT :)

The area from the Windmill to the Goblin Ruins by the water are great for 
your level though I wouldn't pull from the ruins themseleves as you'll 
probably just get to many goblins. There are tons of roamers though from 
Goblins to Sarnaks to a variety of Tigers. All good stuff.

BTW I brought my Iksar here from the Field of Bone at level 15 when I got 
my second set of spells.

> 
> Also, is there anything in Warsliks Woods that I could fight safely or
> should I wait on going there?  That's another place that I thought was
> mainly a 20+ level area (with a small newbie area supposedly, I've
> never been in it though).
> 

There are lots of things in the Warsliks Woods that you can fight as 
well. The trouble however is you'll also be fighting the zone to some 
extent. Visibility if tough with the trees and there are a great many 
roamers you won't be able to see until the last minute. There are a few 
places that are great for solo play that offer safe places to pull but 
I'd say 18 is to low to really safely do them without either dieing or 
frustration setting in. The Woods with one or two others along side you 
on the other hand is a different story. Nice for your level and never 
crowded.

> Thanks in advance,

Welcome. Someone also mentioned the Oasis area in OverThere near the 
Warsliks Wood zone and the giant Iksar statue. Just wanted to say I 
agree. Thats a great spot as well. Plus there is a Klok by that Oasis now 
so you never need to worry about being encumbered :) That said, while I 
found the experience the same as the Woods or Lake of Ill Omen I found 
soloing in the Overthere boring compared to the other two. Just personal 
tastes.

Last but not least don't ignore the seemingly hidden Iksar jewel that is 
the Swamp of No Hope. No one is ever there and its a great spot. You'll 
have to scout around and get a feel for the place but you can find some 
nice hunting spots. Plus despite the con messages the ONLY things aggro 
are the frogs, undead and forsaken iksar (manslayers, pariah etc). The 
leeches, insects, gnawers etc. con ready to attack but they don't and 
they don't help each other either. At your level I will say, stay far 
away from the Froglok town. You'll be stampeded, not to mention there's a 
high level named Frog that can roam around there. I think someone said he 
was a part of the Druid Epic. Either way he's 55 and bad news. In the two 
levels I've been in the zone I have never seen him though.

As a level 20 Iksar SK the swamp is where I am hunting now. I have been 
there since level 18 just moving from place to place. Last night during 
prime time east coast hours there were 3 people including myself in the 
zone :) And like all the entrances to Cabilis there are Kloks right 
outside so you really never have to zone to do anything.

Enjoy!
Fomar

> 
> http://www.primenet.com/~xenubat
> http://scorsese.jumpmovies.com
> 


