From -4460305156753641139
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,80c3c856a726d92f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-28 18:22:11 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!supernews.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "dstep" <dstep@babaloo.com>
Subject: Re: GM Events Supposed to Happen in L'Fay this Weekend?
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Organization: Electronic Tribe
Message-ID: <pan.2001.10.28.20.22.17.647.4734@babaloo.com>
References: <DtLC7.87012$WW.4681775@bgtnsc05-news.ops.worldnet.att.net> <3BDBE084.80ECFBD5@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Pan/0.9.90 (Unix)
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Lines: 142
Date: Mon, 29 Oct 2001 02:22:10 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1004322130 24.3.225.40 (Sun, 28 Oct 2001 18:22:10 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 28 Oct 2001 18:22:10 PST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:130147

In article <3BDBE084.80ECFBD5@dejazzd.com>, "Lance" <emporer@dejazzd.com>
wrote:

> ravinwulf wrote:
> 
>> Anybody know anything about this? Wasted a whole day in L'Fay today and
>> didn't see hide nor hair of anything unusual. Did anything happen on
>> any servers?
>>
>> Mey
> 
> There was a GM event in Oasis, several orc sized cyclops were trying to
> get people to play games with them of some sort (follow the leader,
> things like that) while a bunch of high levels slaughtered them. 
> Finally a GM (who was there with GM invis on) shouted in frustration
> that we weren't supposed to kill them.

That is odd, they did a similar thing with Mini SGs a while back and
simply had GM heal and such on them which made them pretty much
unkillable.


> I'd guessed earlier on, since they conned indifferent to me... I tend
> not to kill stuff that doesn't hate me.
> 
> At any rate, we tried for ten minutes or more to get the remaining NPC
> to do or say something in response to triggering phrases, to no avail
> (he did say some stuff, but it was canned, not responsive)
> 
> Then he vanished, and another little cyclops showed up and handed out
> items to a few people she claimed had tried to play with the first set,
> things like a charred guardian shield, some kind of stien (person wasn't
> excited, I think crude or muggok, not something new)
> 
> While I think it sucks that people's first response was to kill, I think
> the game has been going on long enough that the GMs would have to be
> idiots not to know that was going to happen.  If you really don't want
> the mob killed, then make it invulnerable, or stop complaining.  

Actually I think any such entities SHOULD be killable.

The thing is that an MMORPG like this is all about chaos and playing with
others and that is pretty much the point of the game. I mean, the point
of the game is that anyone can kill or do whatever they want to within
their power including killing some rare mobs that someone else might need
for a quest (not talking about kill stealing here) or some GMS trying to
do a quest.

The main problem and reason why players fall on them is because in the
past such GMS dropped great items, so in a way its verant's fault.
Another reason why is that because such events are done by live personel
they are quite rare and draw a crowd. If instead such fun little quests
were done by the AI randomly and the npcs wanted some random item from
the area and such quests became a normal rare thing you'd not have people
falling on them like when they are GMS.


>By
> failing to do this, you make it possible for the 10% of the crowd too
> dim to grasp the concept of quest mobs ruin what might be an amusing
> diversion for the remaining 80% of us who are at least willing to try
> other approaches first. (the other 10% see the presence of GM's as an
> opportunity to go into deep roleplaying mode in /shout, I suppose
> looking for brownie points)

But those players should have the freedom to kill them and such, its part
of the game. If you take that away you may as well take it away that
everquest is an mmorpg where the player has free will to make an impact
on the world. Actually on a non pvp server such events are the ONLY time
such a player can have an impact.

The problem is that they don't take care of both types of players at the
same time. If you think about it doing so would be quite easy.. have the
gms be the tiny people trying to play games while some large challenging
mobs are dropped elsewhere in the zone, perhaps some named SGS and have
them drop something level appropriate.

Another way of handling it is what I just read about a befallen event
where players over 35 could not hurt some gm mobs. Well if they could
that there where the gms were supposed to be killable for drops, they
could surely do it where the gms were just giving quests or wanting to
'Play' Verant seems incredibly Naive a lot of the time.

 
> While its possible that the remaining NPC simply couldn't be triggered
> without his brothers saying something, that seemed to be poorly planned
> too.  We really looked back over everything they had said while being
> slaughtered and couldn't find any triggers at all.  Closing up the event
> by handing out items arbitrarily once again reinforced my view of GM
> events as badly thought out Monty Haul episodes.
> 
> Bergh Brelltender
> 52 Vicar, Morel Thule

Exactly, all in all they don't plan them well at all. I saw the best
example of a gm event done right on the FV server about 4 days after it
was up. 

My level 12 shamaness was looking for a bind around freeport and a red
con caster to me in a white robe caught my eye. She was an elf with about
5 players around her. My shaman is neutral and can cast on anyone so it
cast sow on her but it did not work, so I knew something was up. I then
noticed she had a last name and and peeking at her since I figured she
was a gm, I noticed she only had this generic white robe on and nothing
else so yeah she was a gm. 

So knowing then that she could not bind me, I sow'd all the people with
her and buffed them. She appeared to be wanting to get to east freeport
but was stopping each time we were near a mob like a scarab or wolf and
going "EEK!!!" where upon we'd all kill it then she'd smile. Yeah she was
red to us and could have herself but it was still fun. The  group never
got larger than those 5 people and my shamaness since on FV there is no
shout, auction or ooc zone wide and NRO was quite deserted anyway. We
finally got her to freeport and she wanted to go to an inn, then there
was various roleplaying and her thanking us and giving us each 10 plat.
10 plat was a LOT on FV to have at that time. I mean, I had quite a lot
of gold from mail quests from halas to qeynos and other quests but I did
not get to warrens until after this event where bronze drops enough that
I got rich so the 10 plat was QUITE nice.

See, that event was quite appropriate for everyone because the server was
still low and she was high, the zone was nearly empty, there were no
channels to relay what was happening really and people did not even have
guilds yet. So its really an example of the BEST possible setting for
such a GM "help the GM" event. 

The reason why normal events are not is
that a guide told me how GM events are done. More or less on the guide
site there is a signup that the appropriate guides can sign up for to be
an NPC possibly with one or more GMS at a particular event in this zone
at this time on this server. The fact that the guides can only be guides
on servers they don't play on means that it usually goes pretty smoothly.

You can kind of see the problem though, such events will almost always
happen during prime time in Verant's time zone (well, including possibly
the whole of their workday) and since they are scheduled in advance will
probably happen when the zone is quite crowded. Meanwhile if it was
random events scripted and happening with the AI when something triggered
it like say only 4 people being in a zone, it would work much better. Or
even if the gms got on when only a few people were in a zone it would
work better but they set the events up as much as a week ahead of time or
more. There just has to be a better way to do it.


