From 9070853746375851807
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8df21334d7bb68d9
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news1.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 31 Jul 2007 07:57:56 -0500
Date: Tue, 31 Jul 2007 08:57:44 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.12 (Windows/20070509)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Spirit Shrouds
References: <D9adnaVSx977tTLbnZ2dnUVZ_tWtnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <D9adnaVSx977tTLbnZ2dnUVZ_tWtnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <ba-dnQ3QY8dJrDLbnZ2dnUVZ_sKqnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 117
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.60.193
X-Trace: sv3-F1naeKKyD/1vv0wNgp9lB7DsqX8RsMxbnvNuUgQ/jNGPyZ/0vAin3gCSi9l4BaUfse8zlxjzrgq/0dY!LL3e/gPL7E2M9ECCWCXo6pWO8JKC2StwJ9NjBsA72dy02pSPpahnfWTl7oJVqxBNcCrWmFFUTCTW!p4M390Ru03w=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.35
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:471

The Depths of Darkhollow expansion opened for Combine early Monday 
morning.  This is one of the expansions I skipped the first time around, 
but now I've purchased the Anniversary edition, so when they open on 
Combine, I can go in and play.

Shrouds are one of the things my son has been very excited about.  Our 
vague understanding of them was that we can take an alternate form and 
class and more importantly, level, and yet still be generating 
experience and gathering loot and so on for our mains.  Since my current 
main is level 70, and his is 36, this will mean we can group together 
without me having to run an alt, something I'm generally loathe to do.

Besides which, the lad has a horrid case of Alt-itis, he loves to play 
new characters and new classes, and very very fondly remembers the brief 
time when you could play monsters in old EQ.

So, I went up to a shroud person in POK and checked it out.  Here's the 
drill, there are numerous categories, and in each category, several 
possible forms.  To start, only the first form in each category is 
available.  I selected a level 5 skeleton wizard.  Transforming took a 
few seconds, and all my gear and buffs and pet were gone, I was a little 
skellie with a rusty dagger and a backpack of food and drink.  I 
scampered off to Shar Val and killed a few chitterlings before my 
guildmates caught up with me.  Ran back to the shroud person, said 
remove, and popped back to my body.  I'd looted nothing, so nothing else 
happened.  Interestingly, all my buffs were still up, as was my pet and 
his buffs.

On this initial foray, I noticed that although I got exp messages, I had 
no exp bar, and seemingly no way to monitor any progress I might be 
making.

Later, I selected a goblin rogue, again 5th level.  I went to Qeynos and 
worked my way gradually, killing Djerr Darkpaw, zoning to QH and cutting 
a swath thru the blue and yellow mobs, took out all the gnolls near BB, 
then zoned in, crossed over the top level, got into trouble fighting a 
gnoll and had to leg it for Everfrost.  There, I slowly chewed thru 
every bear cub, spider, and wolf all the way to the POK book, then made 
my way back over to the other shroud person, who was equally willing to 
remove my shroud.

At this point, I had a bunch of hides (more fun, if slower, way to farm 
hides for tailoring or selling).  The Shroud Bank opened up, and I was 
warned the contents would disappear if I didn't remove them in 48 hours. 
  I went over to my bank, where I was able to reopen the shroud bank and 
withdraw all the items, destroying some and putting the rest into my 
shared bank.  Later testing showed that I could have used the shroud 
bank at the shroud person, but wouldn't have had access to my real bank 
slots, so this was less of a pain given that I was moving them to an alt.

I went over and tried to shroud up again with one item still in my 
shroud bank, it turns out this isn't allowed, the bank must be empty to 
shroud.  Got it out, destroyed it, and was allowed to see the selection 
again.  Now I could see my progress, on the selection screen at 
goblinoid forms I had unlocked 23% of the next form, Orc Brute.  Later 
running around briefly with a friend, he noted with one kill that he'd 
made 2%... is there some way to monitor progress while in shroud form?

At any rate, I took up my 5 goblin rogue form again, and got some buffs 
from a friend who happened to be standing there.  Then I deliberately 
logged out and went out and ran some errands.  When I logged back in, I 
was still in goblin form, still buffed up.  I went over to Kurns, which 
turned out not to go so well, all the mobs were red and there were 
people hunting them, so it was hard to find the lower level ones.  Due 
to the buffing, I was able to take out several.

By now I had learned more about shrouding.  The special abilities of 
each shroud are accessed via the alt abilities window (is there a hotkey 
for this?).  You create hotkeys for them and drag them to your hotkey 
bar.  The 5 goblin rogue has only three, throw stone, something called 
Lession, which is a DOT and Spirit Sending... which is great, it takes 
you back to the shroud giver in POK, saving a run home.  So thats what I 
  did.

When I deshrouded, I was pleased to see that yes, my pet was still there 
and my buffs were unfaded, including a shot of one minute Selos that 
despite about 5 hours passage of time, some logged in on that character 
and some not, hadn't worn off.  Excellent news for young pet casters who 
can now get some really good gear on their pets and yet be able (with 
some effort) to log out and keep that gear.

I wasn't so pleased to note that my foray into Kurns had earned me only 
10% more progress on unlocking the Orc Brute form in roughly the same 
time span as my unbuffed romp from Qeynos to Everfrost.

In both instances, I saw absolutely no movement on my level 70 AA bar 
set on full.  I'd been told that quite the reverse would be the case, 
that killing blues while level 5 would be just like killing blues while 
level 70, insofar as the exp was concerned.  Really not the case.

Later that evening, I found another misunderstanding: I had been playing 
level 5 characters because I thought that was all that was available to 
me.  Turns out no, I could get any available type at any level divisible 
by 5, from 5 to my current level of 70.  The unlocking applies only to 
getting the higher forms in each type.  I did not test, but my 
understanding is that you can only shroud up to your character level so 
for example if I were 69, I could only get up to 65, and my son who is 
36 can only get up to 35.

This won't work as well as I had hoped, since it will mean I will end up 
shrouding down to 35, and apparantly won't be getting noticable exp in 
70 AA while doing so.  One option would be instead to push the level 
limit, he's 36 so can group up to 54, I could get a 50 shroud.  Level 
him up one more and I could get a 55 shroud.  Perhaps killing in 50 or 
55 will generate measurable 70 AA exp, and at the same time quickly PL 
his character up to closer to my level.

One thing I've been told is that the level 5 shrouds are popular because 
  at level 5 you don't lose exp if you die, and yet still make good 
progress, maybe even the fastest progress, towards unlocking other 
forms.  I can confirm that I died in level 5, showed up at the shroud 
person in POK, and my main didn't lose any exp.

Many questions still to be answered, and ideas percolating as to how to 
best make use of this new resource... but thats for another post

Berg, 5 goblin Rogue, Combine


