From -7889608748349406178
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,38f17de2a1359262,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!newsfeed.earthlink.net!wn51feed!worldnet.att.net!129.250.175.17!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!news1
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Umbriel's Adolescent Growing Pains (City of Heroes)
Date: Wed, 12 May 2004 11:34:56 -0500
Organization: http://newsguy.com
Lines: 309
Message-ID: <c7tjmu015jn@news1.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-453.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:1931

Got a couple of requests to keep posting here, so I will.  Still waiting for
alt.games.city-of-heroes.  =)  BTW, if you ever want to test how EverQuest
is doing compared to other MMORPG's, just check their newsgroups.
alt.games.everquest seems to get ten times the traffic that any other
MMORPG-oriented newsgroup gets.  Some newsgroups seem completely dead, like
alt.games.ultima-online.

Umbriel has been slowly progressing through her teens.  As with other games,
early levels come very quickly, later levels more and more slowly.  With the
current level cap at 40, I imagine it will take some concerted effort on my
part to breach 20.  As I'm still uncertain if I'll continue to play this
game after the 'free' month, I don't know how much I'll be putting into
this.

I have run into other age-ers in the game.  Bob Perez - otherwise known as
"The Hypnotist" - sent me a tell.  He had created a controller and was
leveling him up.  I also got a blank tell from a character named "Teapray" -
I didn't even have to ask who that was.  =)  She and Lenny had created
characters and were leveling them up as well.  I was happy to add them all
to my friends list.

Umbriel herself had been concentrating on missions.  As you progress in the
came, you make contact with informants who assign you missions to carry out
that further a particular plotline.  One contact had been setting me on a
mission after mission to discover what Dr. Vahzilok and his re-animated
corpses are up to.

Oh, a side note: whenever you click on a mob, you get a lot of information
about them in your target window.  What level they are, what faction they
belong to, and what classification they are.  So far I had seen three
classifications: minion (trash mobs basically), lieutenant (slightly buffed
trash mobs), and boss (majorly buffed not-so-trash mob).  Levels make a huge
difference in the game.  If a mob is just three levels above yours, you'll
be hard-pressed to damage it.  And they do a lot more damage to you.  So
conning your targets is very important.

Anyway, Umbriel had gone on these missions with mobs that are part of the
Vahzilok faction - lots of reanimated corpses, shuffling zombies that
explode when they get close or vomit on you causing damage over time, etc.
One nice thing about these missions is that they automatically get balanced
for the number of people in your team as you enter the instanced zone.
Umbriel solo'd a lot of these.  Not quickly and not easily - she has very
few offensive abilities.  But she did manage to complete them, and make
decent XP too.

When Umbriel hit 15, she got the ability to choose a title for herself.  She
could be "Legendary Umbriel" or "The Bold Umbriel" or "Amazing Umbriel" or
other such adjectives.  I scrolled through them and none of them appealed to
me, so I simply chose not to have a title.  Still, it was neat that I got to
decide that.

Umbriel had been XP-ing mostly in Boomtown.  This is a part of Paragon City
that is nothing but abandoned, destroyed buildings.  It's impressive to
see - tilting skyscrapers, mounds of burning rubble, torn-up city streets,
the whole place a disaster area.  It also is the place for people in their
early teens to level.  Umbriel got quite a few groups there and made good
XP.  But as she hit 15, it became less of a good zone.  If she grouped with
a bunch of people level 13 or 14 and they only attacked mobs as high as
level 15 or 16, she made very little XP.

I decided to try other zones.  One nearby zone was called "Faultline".  I
zoned in and, from the zone-line, it looked somewhat similar to Boomtown,
just not as devastated.  No burning rubble, but lots of damaged abandoned
buildings.  I did a /whoall to see who was in the zone, and found lots of
people between 15 and 19.  So I did a /req 15 Defender LFT.  No response.

While waiting, I decided to do something I had done in Boomtown.  Unlike the
other city zones I had seen so far, Boomtown's in-game map was completely
black and would only get filled in as I actually moved around the zone.  To
get an idea of how big the zone was, I had run Umbriel completely around the
perimeter.  It was mildly dangerous as mobs would launch ranged attacks at
me as I ran past, but my Swift skill allowed me to run fairly quickly and
Healing Aura healed any damage, so I managed the circuit without any
difficulty.

Faultline was similarly blacked out, so I decided to get a feel for its
size.  I began running around the perimeter.  I know this sounds apocryphal,
but it is the absolute truth.  As I was running around the zone, I was
looking around and seeing a city that didn't look so damaged as Boomtown.  I
was wondering what happened and why the zone was called Faultline when I
fell into the abyss.

If it was the zone designer's intention to hide the deep chasm that
completely splits the zone in two, they succeeded admirably.  Umbriel went
over the edge like Wile E. Coyote chasing the Roadrunner.  She plummeted and
took a fair amount of damage.  Another of CoH's quirks is that falls can't
kill you; at most they leave you with only 1 hitpoint.  Umbriel was able to
heal herself and look around.

There were groups of mobs on the Circle of Thorns faction.  They were all
purple to Umbriel.  (CoH's purple = EQ's red.)  Instant death if she got
aggro.  And Umbriel still had no "travel powers", nothing that could get her
out of the chasm.  No Super Leap, no Teleport, no Fly.  I could, of course,
have just run up, let the mobs kill me, and then allowed myself to be taken
to the medical center in the next zone for a rez.  But that would mean
incurring an XP debt, which I did not want to do.

Another CoH quirk is that you can invite anyone, anywhere, into your team.
They don't have to be close.  They don't have to even be in the same zone.
Just type /invite Umbriel and I get a pop-up invite to your team.  So I send
out a request to the zone: Please, is there someone who could Teleport me
out of the abyss?  No response.  I tried modifying this:  /req Donating 1000
influence to have someone teleport me out of the abyss, please.  Despite the
fact that there were a couple of dozen people in the zone, no one invited me
into their team for a teleport.

Well, I'd just have to see if I could get out on my own.  Perhaps there was
a way out at the other end of the Abyss.  I still don't quite have a feel
for aggro radius in CoH, but it seems to be smaller than EQ's.  The Abyss,
while deep, is narrow, so I didn't have a lot of room to maneuver.  Steeling
myself, I attempted to get around one group, and actually managed it without
aggro.  I repeated this for three more groups when I came across a group of
mobs that seemed to span the entire width of the abyss.  But now the walls
of the chasm weren't so steep; in fact, I was now next to a wall that sloped
a little from the vertical.  I tried jumping on it, hitting jump again as
soon as I landed, and it worked.  I was able to jump and jump and jump
completely out of the abyss.  Yay!

Except now I was in the middle of an unfamiliar zone.  I tried running back
to the zone-line but I somehow drew aggro from a group of mobs.  They hit me
with half-a-dozen ranged attacks, each of which hit me for almost 80 points
of damage.  Umbriel's mere 255 hitpoints couldn't survive that, and down I
went.  Rats.  I'd almost made it.

I rezzed myself and made it back to the medical center.  I logged after
that, determined to work off my debt the next day.

After an EQ raid where we did something other than Ikkiniz trials for once,
I logged off and got back on to Umbriel.  I went back to Boomtown and got
into a group there.  It was actually a good group, full with eight people,
and we went around killing purple stuff, which was difficult but doable with
a full group.  Umbriel was certainly kept busy healing people.  She had also
recently acquired a single-target buff that she used on the groups Tanker,
to good effect.

One nice thing about CoH is that if you acquire a mission, your team leader
can select that mission and make it a mission for the whole team.  So after
a while we started doing people's missions.  The Tanker's involved
destroying a bunch of mechanical beings known as Clockworks, and we got
great experience off of that.  Some people had to leave, but we still had a
respectable number left over, and I had another Vahzilok mission, so we went
to do that.  This wasn't quite as good XP as the Clockwork one, but it was
all right.

During that mission, I got a tell from The Hypnotist, asking if I had room.
Certainly we did!  We invited him and he joined the mission.  I was amazed -
he had gotten up to level 14 already.  Like, wow.  With his help, we
completed the mission.

Now everyone had to log.  Hypnotist and I remained grouped.  I had acquired
quite a few enhancements I couldn't use - the one and only loot of CoH - and
wanted to sell them.  I actually didn't know for a while that you could sell
enhancements and had been deleting them out of hand.  I shudder now to think
how many thousands of Influence I had simply deleted.  Most city zones have
several shops in them and I went to the Magic-oriented one.  Hypnotist was
also Magic-origin and went with me.

I sold all my enhancements and looked over the collection.  I refrained from
buying any since I was almost 16, and when I hit 17 I would be able to use
level 20 enhancements.  So why plunk down thousands of Influence on measly
level 15 enhancements?  Better, I thought, to save my money for the level 20
stuff.

While we were in the shop I saw another person I had teamed with before, a
level 17 Scrapper named Kalypso.  He had green smoke and flies buzzing
around him.  Hypnotist indicated that this meant he had progressed further
along in the Vahzilok missions than I had and had actually contracted
Vahzilok's disease.  This cripples your character something fierce until you
can complete a couple of missions to get cured.

Kalypso sent me a tell, asking if I could help him complete his mission so
he could get cured.  I said sure, if he didn't mind having The Hypnotist
along.  He didn't mind, so we all teamed up.  We went to the instanced zone.
Kalypso had already cleared a lot of it, but a level 17 boss named Patient
Zero had been too much for him solo.  We helped him kill the boss.  He still
wasn't cured - we had to finish clearing the zone.  This proved a lot more
difficult than we had realized - the mobs were grouped closely together.
Another quirk of CoH is that if you aggro a group of mobs, their aggro never
gets wiped and is forever linked.  You can no longer solo the mobs - no
matter how far apart they are physically, if you aggro one, they all come
after you.  The best you can hope for is to kill one mob before its buddies
show up.

Alas, both Kal and Hyp died a couple of times.  Kal was having an especially
rough time because the disease crippled his Endurance.  Fortunately, you
don't have to run too far away to lose aggro in CoH, so we could just keep
resetting and retrying.  Eventually, we cleared the mobs, rescued the
scientists, and Hypnotist got cured.  Hooray.

We zoned out.  By this time I was extremely close to leveling up to 16.  So
we went around just killing trash mobs.  One thing I kinda like about CoH is
that when you ding, everyone knows it.  The sound that plays is heard by
everyone closeby, so they know the instant you do that you've made a level.
I quickly hit 16 and just as quickly got congratulations from my teammates.

I immediately went off to train.  Hyp and Kal went off to sell their
enhancements.  I went up to the trainer and now had to choose a new skill
set.

This was a decision I had been having a fierce internal debate about, and
was still undecided.  As I saw it, I had three choices.  Teleport - this
would allow me to teleport allies to my side, which is extremely helpful for
Corpse Runs as you can use this to summon corpses as well as live bodies.
This had been extremely helpful in our mission for Kalypso - when he died in
the midst of a bunch of mobs, Hypnotist had been able to teleport his body
to my feet for a quick rez.  Plus at level 20 I would be able to teleport
myself to anyplace in my line of sight, no matter how far away.  That would
have been very useful in Faultline.

Leaping - the fun one.  I wanted to go bouncing about, leaping over tall
buildings in a single bound.  This, too, could have gotten me out of
Faultline.  And it was quite fun to go jumping about.  But I had some
reservations - besides the super-high jumps I could use to travel about, the
rest of the powers didn't seem useful.  I could use the abilities to avoid
being held or to get a defensive bonus, but in a group I was seldom under
direct attack anyway.  There seems to be no such thing as healing aggro in
CoH, so as long as I don't attack the mobs, they'll ignore me and attack the
rest of the team.  So, fun yes, but useful, not-so-much.

Then there was Leadership.  This one wasn't so fun, but much more useful.
Basically, it allowed me to activate group buffs.  I could add an AC bonus
to the group, or a damage bonus, or an accuracy bonus.  It was very much a
strictly buffing tool.  Since I was molding Umbriel into a pure support
character, it would fit well with her other powers.

I hemmed.  I hawed.  I debated.  I clicked, canceled choices, clicked again.
After what seemed like forever (although my teammates said it wasn't that
long) I finally chose the Leadership skill set and the group AC buff power.

I immediately activated the power.  It drained Endurance, but I regenerated
Endurance faster than it drained it, making the power essentially free.
Pleased, I made my way to the shop where Kal and Hyp waited.  When I stood
next to them, all of us were surrounded by little circling shields,
indicating the group buff was in effect.  Hypnotist tested the range, and
anywhere he stood in the small shop was in range.  Good.

It was getting late so I said I could only do one more mission.  Everyone
was agreeable, so we did Kal's next Vahzilok mission.  This was to go into
some sewers and burn ten infected bodies before they could spread the
disease to all of Paragon City - nice comic-book style mission.  Off we
went.

There were a lot of mobs and it was slow-going.  Hypnotist was getting
slightly frustrated because he had a spell that, when cast on a mob, would
cause it to emit an AE slow on all the nearby mobs.  So as long as that mob
was kept alive, it would slow all the mobs around it.  Kal would then
promptly kill that mob, causing the AE slow to fade away.  Hypnotist tried
to explain this a couple of times, then just gave up.  We were doing all
right anyway, even if it got a little rough a couple of times.

The map was large and there were plenty of mobs, but slowly we cleared our
way.  Finally we got to the last room and the last three bodies.  The room
was full of mobs and we cleared our way until there was only one body to
burn and one group of mobs to clear.  In the middle of these mobs was a
larger version of the walking cadavers that I hadn't seen before.  I clicked
on it and saw, to my amazement, that is was named "Dr. Vahzilok".  It was
him, the evil doctor himself, the person behind all the evil plots we had
been foiling.  I looked at his classification and saw something I hadn't
seen before.  He wasn't a minion, lieutenant, or boss - he was an
Archvillain.

Like, wow.

I have to admit, I got pretty excited over this.  At the same time, I was
pretty doubtful that the three of us could take him.  A level 17 Scrapper, a
level 16 Defender, and a level 14 Controller, take down an Archvillain?  One
thing about CoH is that it has been pretty fair about its boss mobs.  You
just can't solo a boss mob the same level you are, you need help.  I was
pretty certain that the three of us would have trouble with this guy.

But we were still going to try!  First we tried to pull the mobs around him.
At first it seemed to work - they came towards us, and Dr. Vahzilok remained
where he was.  But then he noticed us.  He gave a melodramatic speech that I
barely had time to read, then joined in the fray.  I was desperately trying
to keep everyone alive, but Dr. Vahzilok took special notice of me and I
died, as did Kal.  Hypnotist got away and teleported our bodies.  I had an
Inspiration (those are like single-shot buffs/spells that can be cast by
anyone and are also dropped by mobs) that would rez me, although it would
leave me with no Endurance, little health, and walking around stunned for a
while.  But that was fine since I was well clear of the danger, so I used
the Inspiration and eventually rezzed Kalypso.

We tried again.  All the mobs were now aggro-linked, but by continuously
falling back we were able to string them out a bit, and while I frenetically
healed Kal and Hyp were able to kill all the other mobs except for Dr.
Vahzilok.  We tried to take him a few times, but it was just no good - none
of Hyp's powers would land, and Kal's attacks would mostly miss.  We could
do a miniscule amount of damage to him before we ran out of Endurance and
were forced to retreat.

We did manage to get the last body burned, though, so we completed the
mission.  Alas, we had to let the good doctor escape.  In a way, true to the
comic-book mythos: foil the plot, allow the villain to escape.  Still, I so
wanted to be able to take on the evil Dr. Vahzilok and emerge triumphant.

That adventure got me 20% into level 16.  I logged, pleased.  I had made a
major milestone and received a skill set as a result.  Plus I had seen
something new in the game and had the fun of fight a super-villain.  I hope
to do this again when my own missions lead me to the same climactic battle.
=)

-Richard

Umbriel
16 Defender - Empathy/Dark/Fitness/Leadership
Protector server





