From -2255577237470904071
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,29dd98c5b1902cf3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-10 11:45:52 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!news-hog.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!newshub.sdsu.edu!west.cox.net!cox.net!p01!news2.central.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Software pirate disappointed with new games
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.net
Message-ID: <i6uoius6amn85mpqcpr75nnlotaruuqouq@4ax.com>
References: <MPG.1794cbf0ce8afe38989713@news.tiktok.org>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.91/32.564
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 115
Date: Wed, 10 Jul 2002 18:45:51 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.13.34.245
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news2.central.cox.net 1026326751 68.13.34.245 (Wed, 10 Jul 2002 14:45:51 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 10 Jul 2002 14:45:51 EDT
Organization: Cox Communications
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:210483

On Tue, 9 Jul 2002 11:31:52 -0700, Colin Alcarze <clocks@hotmail.com>
wrote:


>"I spent two-and-a-half hours downloading Dungeon Siege off of a private 
>FTP server, and another twenty minutes finding a crack for the executable 
>file," said Jesse. "After playing the game for a week, putting in 
>approximately 29 hours of gameplay, I was absolutely bored with the 
>point-and-click style of game. That's two blank CDs I'll never get back."

I felt the same way!

This, is of course, a tongue in cheek post rather than a "troll"
actually. Its obviously making fun of him complaining when he did not
even buy the games. 

I was very glad I "tryed before buying" warcraft 3. It really
was like warcraft 2 and lived for about an hour. There is no arguement
in whether or not piracy is wrong or justifiable, its not, but there
also is no arguement in whether or not its ok to pay 49 bucks for
something that totally sucks ass and then not be able to return it
because the store does not accept software returns (and you don't have
any that do in your geographical location, though you have many
software stores) 

The one time I even bothered to return something that just REALLY,
totally, sucked was when I bought the "Blade Runner" "game" (term used
usely) I somehow managed to convince best buy that it tried to give
the suggestion that it was 3D when in fact it was 2D with pre rendered
sprites. This worked, in that they did not only let me exchange it for
the same title, and I was allowed to exchange it for the only other
game I could find that seemed worth playing  which was named "Heavy
Gear II" (the original sucky version....) So I was 0 for 2 sort of,
but only actually paid the price once.

Some time ago I broke down and bought a playstation one since they are
like 79 bucks now new. I rented final fantasy tactics for the 3.95 or
whatever from blockbuster. When it was clear that I was a drooling
maniac over the game and would not finish it in the rental period (or
even several of them), I returned the rental when I found it used for
31 bucks at a Software Etc. At the time I was lucky I guess, later I
noted on EBAY that Final Fantasy tactics, no longer in "print", sold
on auctions for over 50 dollars. I could have bought all the used
copies here in Nebraska and made some cash I guess ;) I never got
around to this, due to my natural inclination to laziness, and later
noticed that FF tactics was FINALLY rereleased in the new discounted
packages by sony (after being one of the most in demand games for a
long time.)

The point of the console babbaling, was that it gave me a chance to
pay a few dollars to try the game before buying it for a lot of
dollars. For the most part we don't have that chance with PC games.
The irony is this:

Playstation and other console games have been rentable at
blockbusters, which are in every corner of the world as far as I know,
for a rather long time yet rather than HURT sales you continue to see
that console games outsell pc games in huge quantities. A console
bestselling title sells in the million range while a pc one is lucky
to get 150,000 sales (excluding the sims, deerhunter, myst and such)
So "try before you buy", with the FULL version of the game, Definately
has not hurt the console industry. Does it hurt the piece of shit
console game which no one ends up buying? Yes it probably does.

Unfortunately CD-ripping and ISO cracked image making has got
to the point where you can burn the game cheaply complete with 
an already cracked executeable on the cd... which makes it unlikely 
PC games will be rented in a "try before you buy" way in any form. 

As more and more people get broadband, which of course makes
downloading entire titles trivial, I see a logical solution which 
would probably please everyone and possibly even make the computer
game industry more money. I think the industry itself has discussed
this but nothing ever comes of it. Sell the game at retail for $49.99
or whatever but also let it be fully downloadable in either an
expandable form or one to be burned on cdroms for $3.95. Before you
say, "they'd never go for that!" I think they've said they would. You
may not know this but the money they (the game maker) receives from a
retail box is less than 15 dollars, I think, after you remove
publishing/distribution costs and what the store makes. Meanwhile
$3.95 is pretty much free money with just a bandwith cost.

Of course something like this is far more likely to happen with a
subscription based MMORPG since they make nearly free money 
continually.

http://www.anarchy-online.com/content/downloads/tryout/

This is still kind of neat, though. You can download the entire
AO, or are actually encouraged to use a friends CD (Even rare for 
subscription games like Everquest) and try the game for 7 days. If you
then choose to keep/buy you are charged $19.95 which INCLUDES that
months $12.95 playing fee. So you get to try the game for 7 days and
get the game for half price off retail. 

EQ was kind of doing something like this recently but even more free,
they were giving existing users Velious account registration codes
in the email they registred to receive mails at with their sonystation
account (EQ account login) and then saying they could install their
existing CDS to the computer to use the other account, even on a
friends computer. Once again they know that once hooked the person 
will be giving them $12.95 per month which is pretty much free money
at the existing level of their game serving infrastructure.

So the weird thing with PC games is that progress hops around
sporadically. One time we saw doom shareware, the game that built ID,
become an outrageous success while being "try before you buy" but
ironically later we see even ID titles that don't get a shareware demo
until the retail product has been out for quite some time. Many games
don't get demos at all, cost premium prices, and offer no way to try
them before making a non returnable retail purchase. I think this
causes even good titles to suffer poor sales.

dstephenatcoxdotnet
(using the @ and . for email)


