From -5302871966704398461
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c69e872ce1b4ebb9
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-07 08:02:18 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!peer01.cox.net!cox.net!p01!lakeread02.POSTED!not-for-mail
Reply-To: "sanjian" <haibane_please_dont_spam_me_reki@yahoo.com>
From: "sanjian" <haibane_please_dont_spam_me_reki@yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3fd28feb$1_1@127.0.0.1>
Subject: Re: Soloing spot for 35 Paladin
Lines: 108
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <baIAb.38268$_h.4444@lakeread02>
Date: Sun, 7 Dec 2003 11:02:08 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.0.23.243
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: lakeread02 1070812935 68.0.23.243 (Sun, 07 Dec 2003 11:02:15 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 07 Dec 2003 11:02:15 EST
Organization: Cox Communications
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:10651

Clayton wrote:
> Any suggestions, preferably with undead-type mobs?

You don't see many paladins willing to solo for extended periods of time.
However, that's how I went to 51 with mine, so it can be done.  Here was my
soloing run, from the time I left the Lake of Ill Manners at level 30, until
I quit Everquest at 51.  Good luck.

I did the mines of Thurgadin until I hit about 38~39.  Note, you're not
killing dwarves here, it's scuttle bats, scuttle rats, crystal spiders, and
goos.  I was able to keep up a pretty good kill rate.  I was swinging a
ghoulbane at the time, wearing mostly Ro Armor.  I would be surprised if
your gear is as poor, if for no other reason than the fact that this was
back around the release of Luclin, and much better gear can be gotten for
much less (I actually did the Ro quests myself.  Even considering when I did
it quests... Velious era... the risk&time sink vs reward was piss-poor).
You should be able to hold the camp more easily than I did.  The nice thing
is, it's rarely camped.  The not-so-nice thing about it is you have to worry
about the dwarves KSing you, but not reliably enough that you can run to
them for help if you get in trouble.  Loot kinda sucks, too.  My main source
of income was the Coldain heads dropped out of the Goo mobs.  You can sell
them to players wanting to work on their Kael faction without having to kill
the hell out of dwarves.

After Thurg, I did Dawnshroud peaks for a little while, before the lag and
the triggered "monster trap" wolves chased me away.  I was mainly trying to
build my twilight sea armor, but the drop rates for that were so piss-poor
that I left after two levels without anything to show for it.

Once you hit 40, you can do the Combine Spires in Dreadlands.  It's in the
same valley as the wizzy spires.  Problem is, they're often camped by
classes who have no need to go after undead (not that I'm bitter, especially
since they can out-solo me on what is supposedly my ideal target... not
bitter at all).  They're in one of the big pyramids.  Plaguebone thieves are
your target.  They are absolutely non-social.  I'd run up within spell
range, hit my auto-target key, cast my undead DD, and run back to the
smaller pyramid (out of add range for wandering mobs) without any worry at
all of pulling more than the one I have targeted.  You can keep running on
those guys until 50 or so, when they start turning light.  Watch out for
pulling anything but plaguebone thieves, though.  Everything else is a bit
tougher, and there's one uncommon mob that I couldn't take solo, at all, I
forget the name, though.

Nice thing about that area is that -nothing- will aggro on you, unless you
are physically in their aggro range.  No adds at all if you're reasonably
careful.  Problem is, nobody seems to have any compunctions against stealing
your camp.  It still pisses me off to get a "you can't kill them all, so
shut up, ho" out of a jackass wizard who just helps himself to your mobs
without even so much as a greeting.

Let's see, at about 55 or so, you'll be able to take the underbulks in Echo
Caverns without too much trouble.  They're on the main enterence from
ShadowHaven, the one down in the short-peoples' district.  The ones at the
bottom of the lift may even be soloable at lower levels, but I didn't bother
with them, since they were light blue and green by the time I gave Echo a
try.  There's a set of four that spawn on a plateau.  Pacify, pull out of
aggro range, and you'll be fine.  Again, crappy loot.  I mainly did these
guys when DL was camped.  As you go farther back, near the Fungus Grove zone
line, you've got Fireclaw's room.  Easy room until Fireclaw spawns.  For me
to take her down, took every DD and stun I had, as fast as they would
recast, root, heal, and I still needed a LoH.  Fortunately, her respawn time
is almost as long as your LoH refresh time.  If you've got the room cleared
before she spawns, and med up to full mana, you should be able to do it
around level 57~58.  It's a tough fight, and the only real reason to do it
is to clear the room so you can continue to camp it for another hour.  If
you try to pull either of the underbulks near her, she will come.  If
they're up, pacify them, and pull Fireclaw first.

If you take a right, in between the plateau and the fireclaw room, you'll
get to an area with assorted mobs that can be pacified and pulled.  There's
an assortment of levels here, so you may find yourself clearing out some
light blues to make room for fighting the rest.  Take it slow and
methodical, and you can clean up here.  If there's a named fungal fiend up,
don't even try him unless the idea is to train the guards to get rid of him.
He's immune to all movement effects including stun and root (so root and
helm-healing is not an option), and a tough nut to crack on top of it all.

More importantly, however, is the room beyond this... the Taskmaster room.
Tasky is an undead Shissir with a bunch of slaves.  Tough as a sunnova
bitch.  If you're going to do this room, go ahead and load up your undead
DD, Instrument of Nife, your self-only haste, and root (root and helm-heal
still works).  Pacify the first slave on either side of Tasky, and pull into
the tunnel a little ways.  I use very few nukes here, but your strategy may
vary, depending on how far down he gets you.  Beat the crap out of him,
root, back off, and helm heal three times (root will break shortly
afterwards).  Go ahead and nuke to break root... there's time to get off a
DD, but not the 6 sec required to cast daring from your Deepwater Helm.
Once you engage him again, use your strafe keys to slowly edge around him
while still continuing to hit him until you're directly opposite of where
you were before.  When you need to, root, back off, and heal again.  The
reason you strafe around is so that you remain in the tunnel at all times,
instead of going back into the trash mob room, or up into the Taskmaster
room, where you the rest of the mobs waiting to camp players.  Supposedly,
Tasky drops Shissir guts.  I haven't seen it happen.  Also, killing Tasky is
supposed to have a chance of spawning a bastard of a mob that's far worse
than him... again, I havent' seen it happen.  And no, don't ask what the
cracked revenent shissir skull, or whatever it is, is for.  I've got about
six of them in my bank, and I still haven't figured it out.

Anyways, once you've cleared tasky, work your way around the room.  You'll
only need to pacify the adjacent guy, so if you start at one end, instead of
the middle, then it's nice and easy... pacify one, pull one.  They're a bit
nicer than Tasky, but don't take them for granted.  The pick they drop sells
for a decent price, considering all of them have one, but it's lore, and if
you run back to the gnomes to sell, someone will probably take your camp.
Kinda sucks.  Oh, and both the Taskmaster and the slaves run, so be careful.




