From -6266558772066271939
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4675293d188b201e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-24 06:28:35 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <272b8044454959f02862f128597d6577@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news-out.visi.com!hermes.visi.com!green.readfreenews.net!news.readfreenews.net!news-xfer.cox.net!peer01.cox.net!cox.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Fri, 24 Oct 2003 13:24:46 GMT
Lines: 234
From: "Graefaxe" <Graefaxe@hotZZZmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <a699pvcs2b3qlvoreu61psacljgpg72ejm@4ax.com> <Xns941B4760E4AFFrichardrapiernetscap@130.133.1.4> <KLadnUIvY-xF-wiiRVn-jw@comcast.com> <ju7bpv08osbdvjh6fefn14u52chmgc1qkb@4ax.com> <AO6dnenRgbb0hAuiRVn-sg@comcast.com> <lt8dpvged6u2b56hfgoth5iji619iblug3@4ax.com> <Xns941D6D5B3B72Ahostlbuddhapostmaste@130.133.1.4> <1bb05beddacfac3a70d099e5efd44414@news.teranews.com> <ig9gpv8egv9bfd19ajuj7duemtm4boi6os@4ax.com> <dc460371b88f7f87f688478568c0e0e0@news.teranews.com> <p0vhpvcui3t46qe4iibfrc06m9e0r1qi9h@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: EverChad
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:4230


"Robb Nunya" <robb969@hotmail.com> wrote in message
news:p0vhpvcui3t46qe4iibfrc06m9e0r1qi9h@4ax.com...
:
: So a Lie to congress under oath is unimportant to you. And please show
: me 1 Lie (I want a cite now... don't just make something up) that Bush
: has made.
:

"When the Nation goes to war, the people deserve the truth."  He has yet to
tell the truth about the real reasons for going to war.  Oh, he may have
told the Haliburton executives that are making out like bandits (as are the
Veep and the Bush Klan).

You may want to read http://www.spinsanity.org/.  There you will find
unbiased (they slam the right and the left for their rhetoric and you will
really enjoy the article about Micheal Moore, but will hate the discussions
about Anne Coulter, Bill O'Reilly, and the Theif of State).


David Corn's Top 10 from http://www.bushlies.com/topten.php (My personal
favorite is number 2).


10. "I have been very candid about my past." Bush said this during a press
conference a few days before Election Day 2000. He was then in the middle of
media firestorm that followed the revelation that he had once been arrested
for drunken driving. Of course, this statement was untrue. He uttered it
while he was trying to explain why he had not been "candid" about his arrest
record. And during the campaign, he had not been "candid" about other
significant matters, including what seemed to be a missing year in his
National Guard service (which did not jibe with what he wrote about his
service in his autobiography) and his apparent (though unacknowledged) shift
from supporting abortion rights in the late-1970s to opposing them in the
1990s. He also was not "candid" about the tax plans he had pushed while
governor of Texas. He always referred to them as "tax cuts" and did not
mention that his major tax proposal included both tax cuts for property
owners and an increase in the sales tax and the creation of a new business
tax.

9. "I'm a uniter not a divider." This was a Bush catchphrase, a mantra. It
was shorthand for his claim that he engaged in positive, not negative,
politics and could heal a political culture ripped apart by the bitter
ideological and partisan combat of the Clinton years. Yet during the 2000
presidential campaign and the Florida fracas, Bush and his lieutenants
engaged in down-and-dirty and divisive political maneuvers. Just ask Senator
John McCain, Bush's main Republican opponent, whose record on veterans
affairs was falsely attacked by a Bush surrogate and who was accused falsely
by the Bush campaign of opposing research for breast cancer. As
president-elect, Bush nominated one of the most divisive ideologues in
Washington, former Senator John Ashcroft, to be attorney general. During a
pre-inauguration interview, Bush acknowledged that he expected Ashcroft to
be a lightning rod. But would-be uniters-not-dividers do not shove lightning
rods up the backsides of their opponents. Another example: during the 2002
congressional campaign, Bush accused Democrats-who differed with him on
employment rules for the new Department of Homeland Security-of sacrificing
national security for their own petty purposes. He did this to help elect
Republicans to office. Such a move was well within his rights as a political
player, but not the action of a fellow who cares more about uniting than
dividing.

8. "My plan unlocks the door to the middle class of millions of hard-working
Americans." All the available slots of this top-ten list could be filled by
statements Bush made to sell his tax cuts at various points-on the campaign
trail, in 2001 (for the first major tax-cuts battle), and in 2003 (for the
second major tax-cuts battle). But I chose an assertion from 2001 that
echoed statements from the campaign trail, that would be reprised in 2003,
and that represented the best-sounding argument for his tax cuts. Bush
frequently claimed his tax cuts would help low- and middle-income Americans,
and in 2000 and 2001 he often spoke of a mythical single-mom waitress,
making $22,000 or so, who would be guided into the middle-class by his tax
cuts. The point was to make it seem as if he truly cared for hard-pressed
Americans and that his tax cuts did indeed embody his promise of
"compassionate conservatism." (By the way, I am not placing on this list
Bush's claim that he is a "compassionate conservative." That's a rather
relative term more suitable for judgment than truth-based evaluation.) But
when the accounting firm of Deloitte & Touche reviewed his tax plan for Time
magazine during the 2000 campaign, it found that his beloved waitress would
receive no reduction in her taxes. Zippo. In 2001, the Center on Budget and
Policy Priorities found that this waitress might gain $200 from Bush's tax
cuts if she managed to pull in $25,000 a year. But such a sum would not
place her on the highway to the middle class. In fact, about 12 million low-
and moderate-income families received no tax relief from Bush's 2001 tax
cuts (and millions of families were left out of his 2003 package). His plan
unlocked few doors. Instead, about 45 percent of the 2001 package was slated
to go to the top 1 percent of income earners. In 2003, Citizens for Tax
Justice calculated that individuals earning between $16,000 and $29,000
would net about $99 from Bush's proposed tax cuts. Again, not an amount that
would cover the entrance fee for a middle-class life.

7. "This allows us to explore the promise and potential of stem cell
research." That was what Bush said during an August 9, 2001, speech,
announcing his decision to permit the federal funding of stem cell research
that only used stem cells lines that existed before his speech. Bush was
presenting his policy as a Solomon-like compromise. Religious right leaders
and the Catholic Church were opposed to all stem cell research because it
uses cells extracted from five-day old blastocysts (or embryos) in a process
that destroys the embryos. (These embryos usually are leftovers created by
in vitro fertilization at fertility clinics and no longer needed by the
couples for which they were produced). But many prominent Republican donors
and patient advocacy groups supported stem cell research, noting that
scientists believed that studying stem cells (which have the potential to
grow into any one of the more than 200 different types of human cells) could
lead to treatments for Parkinson's, Alzheimer's and other terrible diseases.
In his speech, Bush said that 60 stem cell lines already existed-"where the
life and death decision has already been made"--and that these lines could
support a vital and vibrant research effort. Consequently, he said,
federally funding could be limited to underwriting research that employed
only these lines. Bush was trying to have it both ways. He could appease his
social conservative supporters by saying no to any federal support for new
stem cell lines, and he could claim to support research that might
potentially help millions of people. There was one problem. The 60
pre-existing lines did not exist. The number was closer to a dozen-if
that-an amount that experts in the field did not consider sufficient for
research purposes. And when scientists and media reports convincingly
discredited Bush's count-which Bush might have initially assumed to be
correct-the Bush administration kept repeating its untruthful position.
Sticking to the 60-lines fantasy (or lie) permitted Bush to avoid making an
explicit decision to curtail stem cell research. But in effect that was what
he had done without admitting it.

6. "We must uncover every detail and learn every lesson of September the
11th." Bush said this in November 2002, as he appointed Henry Kissinger to
be chairman of an independent 9/11 commission that Bush had orignially
opposed. (Kissinger lasted two weeks in the job.) But Bush has not
encouraged the uncovering of every detail. His administration did not turn
over information to the congressional 9/11 inquiry about intelligence
warnings the White House reviewed before 9/11. The administration also
refused to say whether certain pre-9/11 intelligence warnings-including a
July 2001 report noting that Osama bin Laden was poised to launch a
"spectacular" attack "designed to inflict mass casualties against U.S.
facilities or interests"-were shared with Bush and what he did in response,
if he had received them. Moreover, the administration claimed that Bush's
awareness of these warnings (not the warnings themselves) was classified
information-an argument unprecedented in the modern history of national
security secrets. Bush also refused to let the congressional inquiry release
the portion of its final report that concerned connections between the 9/11
hijackers and Saudi citizens or officials. By resorting to such
secrecy-which happened to keep hidden information that might be embarrassing
or inconvenient for the Bush administration--Bush made it impossible for
investigators to "uncover every detail" and for the nation to "learn every
lesson."

5. "[We are] taking every possible step to protect our country from danger."
Bush said that a month after 9/11, and he has repeated that vow several
times since then, including at the start of his recent month-long vacation
at his Texas ranch. Every possible step? A reassuring line, but it is not
true. Two years after the attacks, there still is no plan for enhanced
security at the nation's thousands of chemical plants. (Over a hundred of
them handle chemicals that if released could threaten a million or so
Americans.) According to the General Accounting Office, the Bush
administration has not even "comprehensively assessed the chemical industry'
s vulnerabilities to terrorist attacks." In October 2002, Tom Ridge, Bush's
chief homeland security official, said that voluntary regulations for the
chemical industry would not suffice, but that is the policy the
administration has been slowly pursuing. And less-than-everything has been
the approach in other critical areas. A recent report from a Council on
Foreign Relations task force-headed up by former Republican Senator Warren
Rudman-says that not enough has been done to improve the abilities of first
responders and that their basic needs will be underfunded by $100 billion
over the next five years. The nation's ports have asked for $1 billion to
beef up security; the Bush administration has announced grants of $300
million. Various reports note that the federal government has not done all
that is necessary to improve its biodefense capabilities. The administration
has opposed efforts to mandate the screening of commercial cargo carried by
passenger aircraft. (Most of this sort of cargo is not currently
screened-creating one large security loophole.) So "every possible step" has
not been taken.

4. "I first got to know Ken [Lay in 1994]." As the Enron scandal reached the
White House in early 2002, Bush uttered this remark, claiming he had nothing
to do with Lay until after winning the 1994 Texas gubernatorial election. It
was an apparent and clumsy effort to diminish his relationship with the
now-disgraced Enron chief. But in1994, Lay and Enron had been leading
contributors to Bush's campaign. And Lay-long a patron of Bush's father-had
worked with Bush in political settings prior to 1994. In a pre-scandal
interview, Lay noted he had been "very close to George W." for years
before1994. (In the mid-1980s, Bush's oil venture was in a partnership with
Enron.) Bush also claimed that his administration had been of absolutely no
help to Enron. That might have been true during the scam-based company's
final days. But in the months preceding that, the Bush administration had
assisted Enron in a variety of ways. This included appointing individuals
recommended by Lay as top energy regulators and opposing wholesale price
caps on electricity during the California energy crisis, a move that came
after Lay (whose electricity-selling company was using manipulative tactics
to gouge California) urged the White House to block price caps.

3. "Intelligence gathered by this and other governments leaves no doubt that
the Iraq regime continues to possess and conceal some of the most lethal
weapons ever devised." And, "[Saddam Hussein is] a threat because he is
dealing with al Qaeda." These two Bush remarks go hand in hand, even though
the first was said on March 17, 2003, two days before Bush launched the
invasion of Iraq, and the other came during a November 7, 2002, press
conference. Together they represented his argument for war: Hussein
possessed actual weapons of mass destruction and at any moment could hand
them to his supposed partners in al Qaeda. That is why Hussein was an
immediate threat to the United States and had to be taken out quickly. But
neither of these assertions were truthful. There has been much media debate
over all this. But the postwar statements of Richard Kerr, a former deputy
director of the CIA, provide the most compelling proof. He has been
conducting a review of the prewar intelligence, and he has told reporters
that the intelligence on Hussein's WMDs was full of caveats and qualifiers
and based mostly on inferential or circumstantial evidence. In other words,
it was not no-doubt material. He also has said that prewar intelligence
reports did not contain evidence of links between Hussein and al Qaeda. The
best information to date indicates that the prewar intelligence did not
leave "no doubt" about WMDs and did not support Bush's claim that Hussein
was in cahoots with al Qaeda. Bush's primary reason for war was founded on
falsehoods

2. "We found the weapons of mass destruction." Bush issued this triumphant
remark in late May 2003, while being interviewed by a Polish television
reporter. He was referring to two tractor-trailers obtained by U.S. forces
in Iraq. The CIA and the Defense Intelligence Agency had concluded these
vehicles were mobile bio-weapons plants. Yet they had found not a trace of
biological agents on either. (And no bio-weapon facility could be scrubbed
completely clean.) In subsequent weeks, it turned out that State Department
analysts and even DIA engineering experts-as well as outside experts-did not
accept the CIA and DIA conclusion, and some of these doubters believed the
explanation of Iraqis who claimed the trucks were built to produce hydrogen
for weather balloons. Whichever side might be ultimately right about the
trailers, this all-important piece of evidence was hotly contested. It was
hardly solid enough to support Bush's we-found-them declaration or to
justify a war.

1. "It's time to restore honor and dignity to the White House." Bush said
that many a time during the 2000 presidential campaign, and in at least one
ad pledged to "return honor and integrity" to the Oval Office. See
above--and read the book.







