From 6714049361973438183
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4f2f3d5a3a8522d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 11 Jun 2004 09:40:03 -0500
Date: Fri, 11 Jun 2004 10:40:02 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Demise as a business model?
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <O4mdnaP0bffZWVTdRVn-sw@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 149
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.216.131.199
X-Trace: sv3-gTfr4pS0ThHP9S/IVQ6kAdzZyPF6t0xpLsmd/NJLeH9uYWdxprmX3BEPceTR26q3r9j5GK2UGARpfyW!TtpHj883AN0V1IADiIYdDGonMaY3oolt0icxPqZeFHioDtS3XV6M0TYDhBF73IsV4Sqb7XrDbRVA
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:5856

I know its already been hashed to death, but I've been thinking again 
about the assumptions that are made about EQ coming to an end.

Normal practice in CRPGs is to release the game, garner sales, after a 
while, release an expansion which sells mostly to original owners of the 
game but which might also bring in some new players to buy both.  Then 
you release a gold edition with the original game plus expansion 
combined, hoping to pick up some more of those new players.  IF the game 
is good enough you might be able to repeat the process with a second 
expansion.

By then, your gaming engine is grown old and warty, so you let it lie 
fallow for a bit, then you put out CRPG II, which is based on the old 
game but with a new shiny engine, and repeat the process.

Revenue in this scheme comes entirely from purchasers, so its definately 
publish or perish, and its about selling those boxes when you release 
them.  It makes little sense to continue to prop up an old game after 
its been out there a while, if you can instead sell people on a whole 
new one.  Every time you come out with an expansion, you find you've 
lost some of the original purchasers, and tend not to replace them with 
as many new purchasers.

Recently, though, there have been a couple new business models.

Neverwinter Nights is not really a game, its a game engine and module 
creator, that happens to have a fairly robust sample module included. 
Its not the first to do this by any means, but its an interesting sample 
of the idea.  Here, sales are still generated by the old school model, 
the company only makes money on selling the box, the expansion, the gold 
edition, the next expansion.  Players, on the other hand, get content 
from each other, turning the NWN "multiverse" into a truely vast slew of 
modules, not to mention some "persistant worlds" where people can come 
and go at will in a MMOG environment with changing content.

NWN, though, is still a dead end, IMO, for the game company selling it, 
because just like the old school CRPGs, they sell only the boxes, and 
demand tends to drop.  The improvement comes in that as time goes on 
there are more and more player created modules, which means that new 
customers get a better and better "buy", and anyone coming up with a new 
game on the same scheme will have very little content available to 
compete with the established bulk of already written NWN modules out there.

Look, though, at the subscription model, games such as EverQuest.  Here, 
in addition to selling boxes of the game itself, they also make money 
off everyone who continues to play it, every month, without having to 
create anything new or market it.  I buy the original box for about the 
same price as other games on the shelf, but that only gives me a month 
of play.  After that, I have to plunk down another ten bucks every month 
(I know, its more than that now, but I'm thinking in round numbers) in 
order to keep playing.  Every now and again, an expansion comes out, or 
a gold box, so they have the same revenue stream as other games... but 
that subscription money changes the model radically.  Of course there's 
the cost of maintaining servers and some (getting more and more minimal) 
customer service, but by and large its like they are selling me another 
expansion box every two or three months.

Suddenly, instead of "how do we get new players to buy this box?" and 
"hmm, I wonder if we can get enough of the current players to buy this 
expansion?", its a question of "how do we keep those guys playing for 
another month?"

I've been playing EQ for roughly four years.  Say 40 bucks for the 
original game, plus 30 bucks per expansion, more or less, thats $220 
spent on boxes... and $480 on subscription fees.  Contrast that to NWN's 
original box plus two expansions for $100 total.  EQ can also look 
forward to another ten bucks a month for as long as I continue to play. 
  NWN can perhaps hope that I'll buy another expansion if they release 
one, otherwise they are done making money from me on their game even if 
I continue to play it for another ten years.  EQ can hope just as 
strongly that I'll buy their next expansion (at the moment I don't own 
GOD and have little interest in it or OOW, although who knows, perhaps 
that will change) but whether I do or not has no effect on that $10 a 
month revenue stream.

Why replace your successful game?  Well, for old school publishers, and 
even for NWN, its because you aren't making any money off those players 
anymore, and have reached a point where sales on expansions has reached 
a point of diminishing returns.

But for EQ and its ilk, its harder for me to see the point.  The 
majority of money made off EQ seems to me to be from the monthly fees, 
not from the sales of boxes.

Other reasons:

Old game engine.  So, replace it.  Is this really going to be harder to 
do than creating a new engine -and- new races, classes, spells, etc etc 
etc?  It seems to me that EQ has already done this more than once, at 
least on a piecemeal basis.

People tiring of the content.  So make new content.  Heck, take a page 
from the NWN book and make new servers with entirely new and different 
content that isn't connected to the old stuff.  Use the engine from 
original EQ, but a different world.  Bet you could sell a lot of boxes 
that way... although selling boxes isn't really the point, but new 
content also helps keep butts in the seats.

Old graphics.  So replace them.  They've already done this several times 
and forecast doing more of it.

Bad basic game assumptions.  I see this as a better arguement than the 
rest for change, for an "EQ2".  There are a lot of things about EQ that 
I feel were poorly thought out.  Many of them have been changed 
(although in many cases, I think the changes were poorly thought out 
too) though, and could be changed again; I'm not really sure what bad 
assumptions could exist that can't ever be changed at all.

If I jump ship from EQ, I think it more likely that it would be to some 
other sort of MMOG entirely, rather than to an EQ2 (of any sort); part 
of the fun of a new game for me is figuring out the new rules, roles, 
ways of thinking... I'm not convinced I'd get the same effect with 
something designed as a direct decendant from EQ.

Another funny thought occurs to me here.  While I've been paying the 
good folks running EQ (first Verant, then SOE) my $700, I've largely 
stopped buying other games entirely.  I can't see paying for more than 
one monthly subscription at a time, and since EQ has kept my "butt in 
the chair" that means I haven't tried any of the other MMOG's of its 
ilk.  And I likewise have had little interest in buying the Flavor of 
the Week, because I used to buy a game, play it till I "finished it", 
then buy another; while I used to spend on average $100 a month on new 
games, now I'm down to $10 plus the occaisional $30 expansion.

If I were among the folks at SOE, I'd be hard at work figuring out the 
best way to keep butts in seats, and to generate replacement butts for 
the people that have decided to get up and walk.  Since the majority of 
their player base are level 30 to 50, I'd be hard at work on revamping 
the 30 to 60 game.  Since new players are by definition level 1, I'd be 
hard at work on revamping the 1 to 30 game.  Admittedly you can't ignore 
the high end, where the 65 players live, because they are the ones who 
can literally run out of content entirely... but I wouldn't be 
concentrating nearly as hard on them, despite the fact that they are by 
far the most vocal; gearing two expansions in a row towards that top 10% 
of the population makes me wonder if they are the sort of people who 
feel that a massive tax cut that helps primarily the top 10% of the 
population is a good response to a crashing economy.

If I were the folks at NWN, I'd be trying to figure out a way to package 
  player created modules up and make cash off of them... but I don't 
think I'd succede, because the way they built the game makes them sharable.

Likewise, while I'd love to see player run EQ worlds, if I was in SOE 
I'd be working hard to prevent that happening because that would mean 
losing the "butts in seats" fees.

Thinking out loud
Bergh



