From -4206272177597501984
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3659e712e97670ae
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!news3
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Advise: Clerics w/o Epics...
Date: Thu, 29 Jul 2004 12:28:28 -0500
Organization: http://newsguy.com
Lines: 83
Message-ID: <cebc3s02psj@news3.newsguy.com>
References: <20040729063514.05916.00002574@mb-m05.aol.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-537.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1437
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1441
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11686

"Jennaii" wrote:
>
> Now that I'm 65 my guild is really pushing me to get my epic.

If you're in a raiding guild, it's pretty much a must-have item.  Recovering
from wipes happens much more quickly if you can rez a bunch of folks even
while you yourself are out of mana.  I got my epic while we were still
farming the Halls of Testing, and I can tell you my quality of life went way
up.  So much easier to point and click, point and click, rather than point
and cast, med med, point and cast, med med med.

The major point being you can recover mana while rezzing people at the same
time, which means time saved getting everyone buffed and ready after a wipe.
Just wait until it's just you and a pile of fifty bodies, and you'll see a
tremendous difference in the amount of time saved after a wipe.

> I don't want to sit around camping green spawns for the rest of my life.

Understandable.  I camped Bergurgle for weeks upon weeks (not continously,
but a good deal of the time).  I was lucky with Gimblox but I've known
people who have camped him for days at a time.  And farming the shards in
Skyfire with all those blasted dispelling mobs around is no one's idea of
fun.

But be thankful that much of our epic is triggered or on a regular spawn -
Ixiblat Fer, the Overking, Ragefire.  Once you've done the green farming,
the rest is a breeze.

> So here's my question:  Is this really such a big deal to a guild?

It really is, yes.

> Do *uber* guilds have a requirement that clerics have their epic?

Pretty much, yes.

> Is refusal to complete Epic a firing offense?

/shrug.  That's up to your guild.

I was epicless for quite a while.  Back in the days where Ragefire was a
weeklong spawn, I was in a small guild that had no hope of competing with
epicless clerics in much larger guilds who would sit in Skyfire continuously
for days at a time.  Eventually a sort of list was developed that would
allow me to get my epic after a nine-month delay.  So here I was, a
high-50's cleric (back in the day when 60 was the upper limit) who
eventually dinged 60 and didn't have an epic.  And yet, I was still sought
after for groups and stuff.  I had a chanter once tell me that when I joined
his group he was leery because I didn't have my epic, but was pleasantly
surprised by the fact that I could still play a cleric well.

So I well understand the adverse reaction someone might have to being told
that the only good cleric is an epic'd cleric.  In point of fact, you can be
a good cleric without having your epic.  If you don't want to ever get your
epic, that's fine, you'll still be a terrific cleric, no question.

BUT... if you want to be in a raiding guild, then you'll really have to
reconcile yourself to getting an epic.  They really are that valuable and
necessary.  Heck, the first time we killed Agnarr, it took an hour.  The
only reason we won is that the clerics could keep clicking dead people back
into the battle even while they themselves were out of mana.  *That's* how
powerful the cleric epic can be, and that's why raiding guilds are so keen
that all their clerics have one.

That's just my observation.  I fully support your play-style decision not to
want your epic.  But I also support your guild's desire to see you epic'd.
How to resolve those conflicting desires?   That is entirely up to you and
your officers.


-- 
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Archon of Rodcet Nife
Silent Tempest

Marrtuk
Knight of Mithaniel Marr

Drinal server




