From -3140637540574753902
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7247fd8f519caecb
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-18 10:05:47 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: What would YOU change
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <ib1ustkiff05qhva49h1lv8umb2udrjk1g@4ax.com>
References: <otUK6.195290$fs3.33122368@typhoon.tampabay.rr.com> <v2tqsts22of26vks8viiikansr9pkr94kf@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 137
Date: Thu, 18 Oct 2001 17:05:46 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1003424746 24.3.225.40 (Thu, 18 Oct 2001 10:05:46 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 18 Oct 2001 10:05:46 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:127459

On Thu, 18 Oct 2001 06:25:50 -0400, "Jekke, Just Jekke"
<JekkeFILTER@from-nyc.co.uk> wrote:

>On Fri, 11 May 2001 16:31:16 GMT, "SuperSizeMe" <neilg@avaya.com>
>wrote:
>
>>Verant calls you up and says because you are such a dedicated customer and
>>in touch with the fan base they are willing to take a short list of your
>>changes to EQ that they will implement... What would that list look like?
>
>I'd start by working on breaking the problem of most 50+ camps
>requiring cleric, chanter/bard, tank, druid/wizard, and then two slots
>being left for everyone else. Do this by:
>
>Give druids a 51+ mezz spell and necros a 49 or so upgrade to
>Screaming Terror with a shorter recast time.

I'd do that more by having better outdoor areas where a druid and
ranger come into their own and you would not need mezzing and such.
There really are no uber areas like that now except Western Wastes
which is a bit too uber. I guess I want a higher level eastern wastes
kind of set up. 

Druid kind of wears enough hats now. I don't think giving them mez
would be an improvement. I kind of feel that being responsible for
backup quick saving healing, casting various ro or whatever debuffs
and the res Circles, doing some nuking and possibly being responsible
for evaccing is enough. 

Luclin might sort of be doing some of that, supposedly the higher
level stuff there is supposed to be small group? Or maybe its still
small group of those certain classes.


>Make pet taunt much more effective. If taunt is turned on, let pets
>take the focus off of monks and rogues more easily.
>
>Lower the level for paladin no-XP rez. Give necros a level 49 no-XP
>rez with a 100-plat or so reagent.
>
>Give shamans better heals at 55+.

Hmm i think moot. When my druid is on plane/tormax whatever raids it
does a lot of emergency healing but the shamans spend all their mana
slowing( and then get hit and such ;) ) , thats it. They do like no
healing at all. I don't even think with a better heal a shaman would
ever be used as a "healer" that level above.. You'd always have a
cleric in the group or maybe a druid as a co healer.


>Similarly, make it easier to get a low-level group for chanters and
>rogues. Buff up chanter pets. Give rogues backstab at level 1.

I think the low level part is just ignorance. People don't realize
that you have the enchanter in your group when low level so you have
the enchanter in your group when it has breeze, clarity and good
mez/charms because he got to know you. The rogue is kind of similar
pre backstab. Most low level groups seem to be fairly rogue friendly
though now.


>Up warrior damage. Warriors have been becoming less and less
>differentiated from hybrids.

Actually they are still the highest in tanking ability and damage
output. Pre 50 it might not matter so much but after Warrior is number
one. 


>While I'm at it:
>
>Add more static and dynamic quests. There should be more to life than
>XP / Raid / Epic.

That would really improve things the most. I'd like far more
randomness in quests also and in quest rewards which I don't THINK
would be THAT hard to do. I'd also like more random rare GM type
quests, but have them part of the game that is autimatically done by
npcs and npc AI instead with perhaps the trigger being a very low
number of people in a zone or even just one.

I'd like more autospawn quests with no waiting and always dropping. An
example of the first time they did this pretty much was the Cleric
dark elf innitiate of innoruuk quest. You do the first couple easy
parts then the real only slight rare thing is master whoopall spawning
instead of quester dunan but it usually does not take that long. The
neat part is the rest of it is automatic even to the point where you
spawn a mob with a simple phrase in steamfont and he ALWAYS drops the
head for the quest.

A later example of that kind of automatic spawning/always dropping is
the scout quest in western wastes which is fine but of course
overcamped.

I just can't believe it could be that hard to script quests like that.
I mean I think if you had a couple or even one person working on only
that full time you could be constantly adding and later removing short
term automatic quests. I think the reason we don't see that is that
instead they CONSTANTLY are building the next add on which of course =
big additional cash and all the quest people are working on that
instead. 

I'm a faction nut but so many of them you can raise to no purpose and
so many factions have no quests beyond the newb level. DAOC does this
far better as far as upgrades with home. There are only newb quests
for a barb shaman in halas yet there should eventually be bigger
quests she gets only when higher level for median armor or a hammer or
something. For being "everquest" EQ really did not do that very well.
Monks and druids are actually fully missing those types of median
quests that the other classes get with crafted, totemic, etc, even. 

It always seemed silly to me your home guild had some huge need for
crappy rusty weapons or orc hatchets or bone chips, yet never had a
higher calling for you when you got more uber for something better.


>Give options for raising far more factions.

Yes, for example my dark elf cleric is now in good with qeynos, the
freep sewers and soon via that wonderful one use halfling mask from
master whoopall (part of the above quest ;) ) will even be in good
with the north freep clerics. I grew impatient killing orcs and first
used it to turn in shirts to that pally in EC (soon was kindly without
hafling form) which also raised nfp clerics then used it while turning
in piranna quest with nfp cleric guild.

However, she can't raise the hafling cleric guild at all since that
faction can only be raised with a quest in the back but innoruuk as
her diety means they'd hate her even in halfling form. I think all
factions should be raiseable SOMEHOW if you want to do the work.


>Create craft-based uses for many more of the random drops.

Oh you mean some of the stuff that has no apparent use? yeah.

Email: dstephenAThomeDOTcom


