From -5915031512503511694
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,31ff6b1ddcc31afa
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-25 10:48:02 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.news.rcn.net!feed1.news.rcn.net!rcn!not-for-mail
From: "Dan Dutra" <dan@awais.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Do your part for new zones
Date: Tue, 25 Sep 2001 13:46:40 -0700
Lines: 102
Message-ID: <9oqfuv$6q8$1@bob.news.rcn.net>
References: <5hd1rtktm5q72ml5odgmppght0e2595j1l@4ax.com>
X-Trace: UmFuZG9tSVYboxJZPhR4WZQTLoeQa6N3i2Lw3dZJYooe23fWqvOlcv75m/FUJC2c
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rcn.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 25 Sep 2001 17:47:11 GMT
X-MimeOLE:  Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
X-Priority:  3
X-Newsreader:  Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MSMail-Priority:  Normal
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:120887


"Chef Groovy" <chefgroovy@eprf.tzo.com> wrote in message
news:5hd1rtktm5q72ml5odgmppght0e2595j1l@4ax.com...
> When you guys cry about Verant not adding new zones, you can only
> point the finger at yourselves. Its YOUR fault. When they do add new
> zones, noone goes to them. And its not because they suck, I think its
> because most folks like the no risk, easy xp of Ill Omen, and the
> convience of Commons, oasis and all that.

No, it's because for the most part, the new ones suck.  Take the Warrens and
Stonebrunt.  The location of both zones is in a place where very few travel
to.   Stonebrunt, especially, since you have to go through the warrens to
get there.  If getting there is a PITA for those who are low enough to hunt
there, then there's better options, like LOIO, where you're guaranteed a
group, great exp, decent location, and  mobs won't discriminate based on
your level.

>
> Paineel- Place is a ghost town, lot of confusion on faction here too.
> Folks don't realize that unlike other cities there is only ONE faction
> in Paineel. They are ALL Heretics. No need worry about running into
> some SK guild member and getting axed.

Not all people start non-kos to Heretics.  The only reasonable way to raise
faction with them is to hunt in the Warrens, and for reasons listed above,
there's no reason to.  If you take roleplay into account, why would a good
race want to be in Paineel to begin with?

> Warrens- Hardly ever see anyone in here, and I pass thru a lot. Maybe
> a necro dying at zone and a lost druid on way to Stonebrunt. Perhaps a
> monk attempting to solo the cave bat lord for whatever reason, but
> empty otherwise.

See above.

 > Stonebrunt-  very very rarely is there more than 2 groups going at
> once, and this zone is HUGE. All major camps empty (except for me
> soloing one). Sure its pretty scarce, and there are some mid 30's
> stuff roaming thru the 20ish section.  I took a mage from 22 to 29
> here in a week just playing a few hours at a pop, but still uber
> dangerous and by no means risk free.   Only reason I left was to buy
> compenents for new mage pets.  But I can freely walk around Paineel
> which makes Stonebrunt that much better.

Once again, location.  Take melle classes into account here.  The closest
spot they can bind is in paineel, and in case of death, they have to run
naked through the warrens to get back to their corpse.  And given the lack
of players there, a sow for a quick run through is most likely out of the
question.  In Ill Omen, you can bind in FV or FM which means that you're
always just 1 zone away.  And if you go back to FV or FM , there's almost
always a druid or shaman there to SoW you for the run back.  The exp is also
better in LOIO.

> Bottom line is, you can bet your ass that Verant is paying attention
> to what the activity is in the new free zones they put out. So next
> time you make that twink, don't hunt in Oasis in the teens, you've
> done that already, goto Warrens. You've gone thru 20's in south
> karana, how much more can you stand?  How many characters have to kill
> sarnaks in Ill Omen before you teach them a lesson? Go some place new
> for Brell's sake. sheesh.  Who knows, might even have an adventure.

Because the way the game is designed, you're rewarded for monotony.  Don't
blame the players for the nature of the beast.  Chances are people would do
more exploring, if a death didn't toss hours of exp out the window.

> Of course the main advantage of Stonebrunt will eventually be
> compromised, as is now only experienced players are there, hardly ever
> get a non-twink first timer up there, and that is good because its not
> your ordinary old world zone, you actually have to think. And need to
> know your class.

Like any other newbie zone, Stonebrunt is just a kill whatever you pull
zone.

Now I'll tell you why people go to certain areas.

LOIO.   Outdoors, lots to kill, plenty of room to run if you overpull, great
exp, decent loot from sarnaks, good location, and always plenty of people
around
Overthere.  See above
Dreadlands N Wall.  Plenty of groups, lots to kill, a zone within training
distance, lots of bronze armor for your twinks.
Karnor.  Great loot, decent exp, zone within training distance, plenty of
groups hunting there, good location.
Sebilis.  Amazing loot, great exp, plenty of people around to group with,
you can get to the zone fairly easily.

And now, the zones no one hunts in.

Chardok.  Hard to get to from your bind spot, entrance guarded by highly
aggro mobs, if you zone into a mob buh bye, the exit is very far from the
entrace(you zone in through a tunnel, and when you turn around it's solid
rock?)

Howling Stones.  If you have bad VS faction, getting inside is a huge PITA,
if you have good faction, hunting in there will destroy it.

Warrens. Location, location, location, TCC

Stonebrunt.  See above




