From -5202495227460326071
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a9424132c26d1af4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!g43g2000cwa.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mobhunter: Depths of Darkhollow: In-depth Preview
Date: 26 Sep 2005 13:30:06 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 233
Message-ID: <1127766606.192218.314580@g43g2000cwa.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.160.51.71
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1127766611 18872 127.0.0.1 (26 Sep 2005 20:30:11 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 26 Sep 2005 20:30:11 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
X-HTTP-UserAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b4) Gecko/20050908 Firefox/1.4,gzip(gfe),gzip(gfe)
X-HTTP-Via: 1.1 proxy-bed2.mitre.org:80 (squid/2.5.STABLE7)
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: g43g2000cwa.googlegroups.com; posting-host=192.160.51.71;
   posting-account=WDcinhMAAADcvkKBmXXfehYblo0NN7Cr_KfkHiVTV22R7IgxdvF6Yg
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6198

Depths of Darkhollow: In-depth Preview

by Loral on September 09, 2005

Nearly a year has passed since the release of Worlds of Warcraft and
Everquest 2. With such fierce competition, many worried that Everquest
was finally on the downward spiral. We worried that these new games
would have features and functions impossible in a game like Everquest
and that the EQ development team would be hard pressed to add anything
unique or interesting to Everquest that hadn't been done before.

We should not have worried.

Depths of Darkhollow is Sony Online Entertainment's tenth Everquest
expansion in six years. It is, by far, the most bold and innovative
expansion ever released. While other games struggle to keep up with
features like LDON adventures and the Mission System, Depths of
Darkhollow adds unique, useful, and fun features never seen in any
other massive online game.

Since the difficult release and lackluster response of Gates of
Discord, SOE has improved Everquest with every expansion. Every
expansion improved upon the strengths of the previous and Depths of
Darkhollow appears no different.

One would assume that a tenth expansion in any game would have
difficulty improving upon the original game and nine previous
expansions, but Depths of Darkhollow shows once again how far this six
year old game can go.

Let's dig in. We start with the basic content found in most expansions
and end this preview by looking at the more radical features: spirit
shrouds, monster missions, and evolving items.

Depths of Darkhollow includes six new large static zones including The
Undershore, Stoneroot Falls, The Ruins of Illsalin, Corathus Creep, The
Hive, Dreadspire Keep. The release of Depths of Darkhollow also
included a rebuilt Nektulos forest for all EQ players including those
not purchasing the expansion. These zones scale from level 45 to level
70 with three zones tuned for level 68 to 70 hunters. Dreadspire Keep
should give a good challenge to those bored of Riftseekers.

These static zones include a wide range of design from huge statues and
torch-lit tent cities to huge suspended stone bridges crisscrossing
huge chasms. The EQ artists found an excellent balance between the
hyperrealism of Everquest 2 and the epic, but cartoony feel of World of
Warcraft. The design and architecture of Depths includes a lot of
detail without sacrificing the feeling of epic fantasy.

Dreadspire Keep, the end-zone of Depths of Darkhollow, is not locked by
a raid like the end-zones in most previous expansions but instead by a
single group event. Dreadspire is an entirely different style of zone,
one of such strangeness that it must be seen and heard to be believed.
You will travel through the depths of shadowy hell only to find
yourself walking into the set for Masterpiece Theater with a
pale-skinned butler handing you a warm glass of brandy.

Since Lost Dungeons of Norrath, every Everquest expansion has included
instanced single group hunting areas. Dragons of Norrath included the
Mission system and Depths further capitalizes on Missions by adding
over forty single group missions from level 55 to 70. Depths of
Darkhollow changes the path towards mission progression from the ways
of Dragons.

Depths mission progression consists of a set of missions in each of the
static zones. You are rewarded for each mission accomplished and again
when you complete a set of missions in each of the zones. There will be
random rewards for those who do a mission more than once, but unlike
Dragons, you will be rewarded for completing a variety of different
missions rather than completing the same mission over and over.

Here is an example. You and your ragged band of adventurers meets an
important figure in the Depths of Darkhollow who sends you on a
mission. You go on the mission, fight a big horrible creature and its
minions. When the boss is defeated, your group is rewarded with a
dropped item you may divvy up as you choose. If this is the first time
you or any of the others have done this particular mission, you will
receive a one-time reward that may be a piece of gear or some other
tasty treasure. Future battles against this mission will still drop a
piece of gear off of the boss, but future one-time rewards must be
received from different dungeons you have not yet defeated.

One important note and change that may frustrate some players. Mission
entrances are sometimes very deep in hostile zones. Getting TO a
mission can become as difficult as the mission itself. These missions
are tuned to include the time it takes to arrive as well as the time it
takes to complete so they shouldn't become much longer to complete than
missions in previous expansions. It can be frustrating, however, to
accept a mission and not actually begin it until after an hour of
traveling.

Depths of Darkhollow also includes some single group events (I heard
them referred to as single group raids, a term that made my head spin
but my heart soar) that are triggered by a group but take place in open
zones. These are a mixture of instanced missions and regular overland
killing but the idea is unique. This fits well with my previous request
for more interesting single group content than static hunting and
boring boss monsters.

Many Anguish-level raiders found the high-end raids in Dragons of
Norrath to be too easy and not rewarding enough to hold their interest.
Once Overlord Mata Muram was defeated in the Citadel of Anguish more
than a few times, these raiders had little to do. Depths attempts to
pacify and perhaps humble these high-end raiders.

Depths of Darkhollow includes two dozen events and raids ranging from
24 person elemental level events to 54 person Anguish and post-Anguish
level raids. Anguish raiders can expect over a dozen 54 person high-end
raids. This will hopefully give high-end raiders more than enough
challenge and also offer further parallel progression paths for
lower-end raiders to reach more powerful challenges and greater
rewards.

While not a level-cap increasing expansion, Depths offers a bit of
character progression. Depths includes about a dozen new AAs for each
character class for a total of perhaps 200 points of further AA
progression. Depths includes one new discipline for melee and even a
new discipline for hybrids, something they have requested for some
time.

Spell casters will see two or three new spells for each caster class in
the level 65 to 70 range. New forms of spell research will allow
players to research previously dropped spells from older expansions
including the elusive 69 and 70 runes from Omens of War. The exact
details of this research is still unknown but acquiring these spells
should be less frustrating than in the past. [Update 9/12/2005: I found
out today that these researched spells will only be up to level 65, not
up to 70, however my understanding is that there will be greater access
to Omens 69 and 70 spells within Depths of Darkhollow.]

Now we will look at some of the unique features of this expansion.

One of the greatest challenges and frustrations of a massive online
game comes when two friends both play the same game but one quickly
outstrips the other due to longer play times. Soon these two friends,
who used to hunt together often, cannot hunt together at all due to
such a wide level range. A Penny Arcade parody of Worlds of Warcraft
covers it well.

Other games have found ways to solve this problem. City of Heroes
included the sidekick system that raised the level of one player to
meet the other. Everquest 2 included the Mentor system that let one
player lower his or her level to that of a friend. Everquest added a
big twist on this mentor system with Spirit Shrouds.

Spirit shrouds allow players to polymorph into a monster of their level
or below in increments of 5. These monsters are broken up into
archetypes called "templates". Each template includes a set of skills
that meet a typical character archetype such as melee, spellcaster,
healer, utility, or tank. There are eight sets of spirit shrouds with
over twenty different monster models and over thirty different shrouds
total.

My good friend Nanyea wrote a detailed look at spirit shrouds and I
recently wrote an instructional guide to spirit shrouds. I also wrote a
previous article called What Will Play as a Monster Mean for EQ
feature.

The primary purpose for spirit shrouds is to allow higher level players
an opportunity to effectively hunt with lower level friends. It meets
this job very well. Shrouds also let players try out templates vastly
different from their own. If you spent most of your time playing a
pasty cleric, you can now try out playing as a melee, spellcaster, or
tank.

At higher levels, shrouded monsters become less powerful than
characters of the same level. Much of this is based on the large
equipment and Alternate Advancement power increases at higher levels.
Shrouds should allow players to switch to a needed archetype if a group
is missing one core member, but they will not be able to hunt in the
most powerful areas. A group of three primary characters and three
shrouded characters should to be able to hunt in places like Wall of
Slaughter and the lower Dragon missions.

However, if a group cannot find one core class for a hunt, they might
consider monster missions instead.

When I first heard about Depths of Darkhollow I was most excited about
spirit shrouds. After my first Nagafen monster mission, I changed my
mind.

Monster Missions are the best feature of Depths of Darkhollow. Monster
missions let any group of four to six players of any level and any
class face a challenge as monsters in an instanced scenario. Monster
missions open the door to entire new possibilities for challenging
encounters. They are self-contained events under perfectly controlled
environments and power levels. They are easily balanced and not
affected by any outside influence. They are the most fun I've had in EQ
in a long time.

There are twenty such monster missions in Depths of Darkhollow. About
half of these are in the depths itself while ten go back to old world
zones to let players face some old world challenges. Imagine invading
Freeport as a band of pirates. Imagine fighting off the undead hoards
as froglok paladins in lower guk. Imagine breathing waves of fire upon
sniveling raiders who invade in an attempt to steal your Cloak of
Flames. The possibilities are endless. My only hope is that we continue
to see new monster missions added in the future.

Depths offers a new form of equipment known as "evolving items". These
items grow in power the more you use them. They may start off as weaker
pieces of equipment but the more you use them, the stronger they get.
There are several dozen such items in Depths of Darkhollow. Intelligent
items are a rare subset of these. These items will actually communicate
to the player through emotes and possibly tells. Though these items
will be quite rare and unique, they will be available to single group
hunters as well as high-end raiders.

Depths of Darkhollow is the first expansion to offer a box prize so
useful that I will suffer the traffic of Washington DC to buy my copy
retail rather than download it from SOE directly. Those who purchase
the retail version of Depths of Darkhollow will receive an in-game
clockwork boar mount. This mount is comparable to the 10k plat horse
and drogmar mounts but with a unique model and look. Rewards like these
offer an incentive to retail outlets to carry this expansion and it is
these boxes on the shelf that bring new players to Everquest.
Unfortunately, poor retail systems between the US and other countries
make it nearly impossible for non-US players to receive such a reward.

Depths of Darkhollow shows how far Everquest can evolve. While many
questioned how long a game like EQ can survive, we only have to look at
the ingenuity in expansions such as this one to see how far Everquest
can continue to go. Depths of Darkhollow offers all of the strongest
features of a good solid expansion along with two of the most radical
concepts I have seen in any roleplaying game. Considering the hours and
hours of content this expansion contains, it is easily worth the $30
price tag. While time will tell for sure, Depths has all of the signs
to be the best Everquest expansion ever released.

Loral Ciriclight
9 September 2005
loral@loralciriclight.com



