From 3981795209551234256
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b099085869765d2f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-17 13:08:15 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Scott T. Jensen" <stj@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Cleric dreaming of ToV gear
Date: Thu, 17 Jan 2002 15:08:00 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <u4ef9v2c8fbi86@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 57
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:157873

Just made 53rd level as a cleric.  Currently leveling in Velks.  Did Hate
and Fear raids.  Was aiming to get Hate cleric-only armor.  However, in
talking to higher-level clerics when I was 49th level, they said to not
bother with Plane of Hate or especially the bad-faction-getting Plane of
Growth.  They recommended I simply focus on leveling until I'm at least 53rd
level and then get into ToV raids.  I then posted to the ezboards and got
conflicting advice there.  FINALLY my "new" cable modem provider (what took
over after the collapse of @Home) has added this newsgroup (after I pestered
them five times over months!) so now I can ask you all here what you think.
Having said all that...

What level should a cleric be to do ToV?  Some say 51.  Some say 53.  Some
say 55.  Some even say 57.  All have said that cleric can be the lowest
member in a raid.  As one put it "all you do is heal and buff".  What's your
level recommendation for clerics for ToV?  Please give rational for your
recommendation.

What about resist gear?  Some say I should have at least 100 in all my
resists.  Some say I should have 100 in at least Magic, Fire, and Cold.
Some say my level is really the deciding factor.  Some say that mages can
give summoned resist items thus don't worry about it and just make sure
there's a mage in the raid and ask them for the stuff (one of them being a
shoulder item).  Currently all my resists are in the mid-thirties unbuffed.
I have all the resist spells so I can pump them up a bit myself.

How do I get into ToV raids?  Some say to just show up in two locations.  I
wrote down the information on these two location and which part of ToV
they're for, but have since lost that piece of paper.  Does anyone know
these pick-up locations and for which part of ToV they're for?  Some say
that the only ones that can do ToV are the uber guilds that raid it.  Some
say there's only six guilds that do ToV and those are Pia, Vae, Primo,
Talisman, Tide, and Star.  Currently I'm not in a guild, but am planning on
joining Shadows Bane (on Tunare server).  However, Shadows Bane is just a
role-playing guild and doesn't do raids.  Some say that I'm a cleric and
thus I shouldn't have any problem getting into a ToV raid.  Some say that
unless I'm part of an uber guild, I'm flat out of luck in getting into a ToV
raid.

People talk about building up faction for ToV.  They tell me to hunt giants
in Kael.  I've already done one raid there.  Others tell me that different
parts of ToV require different faction and that different gear drops in
these different parts.  Which gear is the best for clerics (Halfling if that
matters) in ToV, where does it drop, and what faction is needed for it?

In Velks, gems drop and people talking about needing them for SS and Kael
armor.  Do the ToV gear need gems too?  I haven't found anything that says
that ToV gear requires gems.  Also, where's a list that tells which Velks
gems are quest gems and which are vendor?  Additionally, if ToV gear does
require gems, where's a list that tells which gems for which gear item and
how does this gem-into-gear process work?

Are ToV raids much different from Hate, Fear, or Kael raids?  If so, how so?

Scott Jensen
a.k.a. Sunbreeze, 53rd lvl Halfling cleric on Tunare server




