From -1338732751382219871
X-Google-Thread: 10766f,144012fbb1af8a47,start
X-Google-Thread: 10623e,144012fbb1af8a47,start
X-Google-Thread: 10a756,144012fbb1af8a47,start
X-Google-Thread: fb739,144012fbb1af8a47,start
X-Google-Thread: 107032,144012fbb1af8a47,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid10766f,gid10623e,gid10a756,gidfb739,gid107032,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news2.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nx01.iad01.newshosting.com!newshosting.com!post02.iad01!news.newsdemon.com!not-for-mail
Message-Id: <m07111616003331@4ax.com>
Subject: MI5-Persecution: BBC Newscasters Lie & Deny Theyre Watching Me (23250)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.nfs,alt.society.neutopia,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest,microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange
Followup-To: alt.sex.nfs,alt.society.neutopia,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest,microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange,uk.misc
From: MI5-Victim@mi5.gov.uk
Date: 16 Dec 2007 16:00:37 GMT
Lines: 306
Organization: news.newsdemon.com
X-Complaints-To: abuse@newsdemon.com
X-Original-Lines: 302
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.sex.nfs:1631 alt.society.neutopia:5680 comp.publish.prepress:10562 alt.games.everquest:12402 microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange:20199


MI5 Persecution: BBC Newscasters Lie & Deny They're Watching Me

Central to the persecution campaign waged against me for some nine years
now by the Security Service is their use of the media, and in particular
the broadcast media, to make clear to me that I am under surveillance and
being watched within my own home, even by BBC newscasters while they read
the news. This is really an act of arrogance; MI5 and their tools in the
television and radio are so sure that they can never be caught, that they
have many times made explicity clear on broadcast programmes that they are
as capable of seeing me as I am of seeing the broadcast pictures. Even
when they have known I am taping the programmes they still carry on this
practice; for examples of TVand radio presenters caught "in action", see
the Evidence area of my website.

If you wish to reply to this article......
then please include your name and fax number! I provide the means for
recipients to send me their thoughts on the topics discussed, but ask that
you provide me with your fax number or email address if you require a
response. Also would you please send not more than one or two pages, if by
fax. Thank-you!


It started with a Newscaster, and it continues with Newscasters today

The very first incident in the story started with a reaction by an ITN
newscaster, Sue Carpenter, in June of 1990, almost nine years ago now. She
reacted to what she saw in my living room at home as she read the news. My
mother had brought an apple for me into the room, whereupon the newsreader
smirked and giggled, apparently finding this funny. I couldn't believe
what I was seeing. I carried on watching news and other television
programmes to see if presenters would show signs of "interactive
watching"; to my surprise, this happened again and again. Unfortunately, I
did not have my wits sufficiently about me to videotape these programmes,
and it is now almost impossible to obtain recordings dating back to 1990.

However, I have been busy recording everything Ive watched the last couple
of years, and the taping has yielded some nuggets, which you will find if
you point your Web browser at the "evidence" area of my website, whose URL
address is given above. Strangely it is not particularly the BBC who are
"after me" at the moment (with the exception of occasional fire from
Nicholas Witchell), but that supposed paragon of virtue and decency Jon
Snow of Channel Four TV News (he actually works for ITN), who once claimed
hed turned down MI5s offer of a tax-free salary. I will cover Snows recent
actions in a future article.

BBCs Hidden Shame

The first ever Usenet post (internet newsgroup article) on the subject of
the MI5 bugging / BBC watching occurred, as stated in a previous article,
in early May 1995. It is reproduced here;

Date: Thu May  4 18:27:24 1995
Newsgroups: alt.conspiracy
Subject: BBC's Hidden Shame

Remember the two-way televisions in George Orwell's 1984? The ones which
watched you back? Which you could never get rid of, only the sound could
be turned down?

Well the country which brought Orwell into the world has made his
nightmare follow into the world after him. Since 1990 the British have
been waging war against one of their own citizens using surveillance to
invade privacy and a campaign of abuse in the transmitted media in their
efforts to humiliate their "victim".

I suppose "BBCs Hidden Shame" is more of a wish than a fact. It may be
hidden, but the BBC and other media and security organisations seem to
have no shame whatever in their anti-social, not to say criminal,
actions. Nor do the general public, who seem quite happy to parrot the
vilest obscenities without much hesitation or apparently thought.

Martyn Lewis, Nicholas Witchell and the rest

Most of the harassment occurred in 1990-92, when I wasnt making any
recordings, and the BBC wont release copies of current affairs programmes
from that period.... so although I can remember there were many incidents
in that time, even many specifics, I cant dig up the actual programmes to
flesh out the bones.

This year, there has been at least one incident with Nicholas Witchell as
newsreader, which I have successfully recorded and digitized,
i.e. converted into a computer Quicktime movie file. This has not yet
found its way onto my website (Im a busy man, dontcha know) but you can be
sure I will let the readership of these articles know when that clip makes
it onto the web. The Witchell clip was recorded on Saturday 10 April 1999
at 7pm, and shows Witchell trying to restrain his features from collapsing
into a smirk. First his upper lip quivers for several minutes, then with
the non-excuse of a non-joke his entire face twists into a grin. It looks
as if he finds me so funny, that he allows himself to submerge any
pretence at professionalism in a sea of MI5-inspired sarcasm and
harassment.

The two BBC newscasters whose reactions to me I can remember most vividly
over the years are Martyn Lewis and Nicholas Witchell. I can remember
thinking years ago that Michael Buerk was also seeing me at home; and if
the other two are watching then there would be no reason why he wouldnt be
doing the same; but in all honesty I cannot remember a single clear
instance of his reacting through facial or verbal expression to me.

I can remember several instances of Martyn Lewis reacting to what he saw
of me, however. In early 1992 I was watching the BBC news with Lewis on a
small black-and-white portable TV at my then home in Oxford. I threw a
term of abuse at Lewis; he flinched, then gave a grin and made a comment
from which I understood that he had been on my side, but might have
changed his mind as a result of what Id just said to him.

And in spring 1991 I remember Martyn Lewis clearly reacting to what he saw
of me at my then accommodation in Woking, Surrey, by continuing to stare
at some fixed point near the camera after the news had finished -
presumably this is where the monitor interactively showing pictures of my
room was located.

Why would BBC and other Newscasters Watch and Harass Me, Watching Them?

This is a very difficult question, and I dont actually know the answer. It
is a matter of record that the Secret Services are very much part of the
Establishment. The recent exposure of the "MI6 Agent List" on the
internet, and its coverage in the newspapers, reveals how much MI5 and MI6
are recruited from the ranks of the Establishment. Obviously the
relationship is bi-directional; the Establishment influences MI5/MI6, but
the secret services (well, perhaps not so secret now we know who works for
MI6!!!) also influence the machinery of power and information
dissemination i.e. media in this country. So they must have a lot of
covert leverage with the BBC and ITN.

Some of this leverage is obviously through bribery. It is a matter of
record that MI5 tried some years ago to "buy" Jon Snow of Channel Four
TV. He turned them down - obviously they must have approached other media
people as well, and from the lack of other reports of people turning them
down, it may be presumed that some other journalists will have accepted
the sugared carrots put before them. Ironically, Jon Snow has been taking
part in the recent "watching" actions against me - but why he has allowed
himself to be used by the secret services is something which I do not
know.

Perhaps the Security Service uses blackmail to twist arms of journalists
into co-operating with them? I have always thought there was something
slightly odd about Martyn Lewiss demeanour. At the time of the Ron Davies
"rough trade" scandal it was reported that MI5 had known all about Davies
predilections and the sham of his pretence to be a happily married
man. Perhaps MI5 have been able to dig something up from Martyn Lewiss
private life to blackmail him into acting on their behalf? And if there
wasnt anything before the "newscaster watching" started then there most
certainly is something now.... once theyve started watching, the
newscasters will surely wish their activities to remain covered-up, and
co-operate with the security service.

"Newscaster Watching" Deliberately Constructed to Mimic Schizophrenia

Presumably this is the first case in history of television journalists
actually taking part in acts of real-time, live spying and reacting
against one of their viewers. What you have to understand, though, is that
I was quite mentally healthy in June 1990, certainly relative to November
1992, when after two and a half years of harassment I was finally admitted
to hospital as an out-patient. MI5 decided from the outset that they would
make me mad; they constructed the media harassment to resemble what would
be reported by a person with mental illness; and then they carried on
years of abuse to inflict on me the condition which they wished to use as
an excuse to cover up their abuses.

I sold my portable TV in autumn 1990 and stopped watching television
regularly. I realise now that this may have been a mistake. What I should
have done was to watch TV and listen to the radio, but tape-record
everything and make a note of what each excerpt meant to me. I would then
be in a much stronger position as regards to evidence that I am now. That
is what I am trying to do now, but unsurprisingly the TV/radio presenters
have stopped getting at me, now they know they are being recorded.

When I started publicising my case on internet newsgroups in 1995, I was
met with the disbelief one might expect to be accorded to a mentally ill
person who talks about "newscaster watching" and media persecution. Some
newsgroup participants thought I had started a "troll", an invention made
to obtain a reaction; one bright spark even suggested a group of
psychology students were behind the articles. But most people thought the
articles were symptomatic of derangement - and that is exactly what MI5
want people to think. MI5 chose me as a target because I was mildly
mentally ill at the outset in 1990, although I stress my illness then was
very mild in comparison with November 1992, and because they knew that
enough abuse would (a) make me much more seriously ill, and (b) once I was
more ill, they would "get away" with a harassment deliberately constructed
to look like the symptoms of paranoid schizophrenia.

Martyn Lewis Denies & Lies, But Wont in Writing

In February 1997 I wrote to BBC Viewer & Listener Correspondence and asked
them to investigate the claim that their newscasters had engaged in
"real-time spying" on me. They replied that they had asked Martyn Lewis
and Michael Buerk whether they had engaged in such practices, and that
they had both made verbal denials to VLC, but were refusing to put their
denials in writing.

To me it looks as if Lewis and Buerk are happy to lie verbally but not in
writing, because written falsehoods would place them unambiguously in the
wrong, whereas they can try to talk their way out of verbal lies if they
are ever caught, or perhaps even deny the verbal lies completely? If they
lie without shame, then why would they have any shame about future lies
about lying?

BBC-VLC also said that the BBC "would never engage in any form of
surveillance activity" such as that described. Clearly Martyn Lewis and
the rest have lied to their own organisations personnel about their
criminal actions. So much for the "objective", "truthful" BBC, a nest of
shabby liars.

Summons against the BBC, for Nuisance caused by Newscaster Spying

In March 1997 I issued a civil summons against the BBC, seeking injunction
against further "newscaster spying", and token damages for what the BBC
had done to me until that date. The purpose of the summons was to try to
"smoke out" the BBC, since obviously I did not have good evidence which
would be necessary for either a civil or criminal case to be made against
them. My summons was worded as follows;

1. The plaintiff is and was at all material times residing at [home
address]. At some time prior to or during June 1990, persons of unknown
identity entered Plaintiff's premises and installed concealed television
equipment in said premises.

2. A campaign of harassment was launched against the Plaintiff by the
persons of unknown identity, which in part took the form of instigating
harassment by BBC TV newscasters (including specifically Michael Buerk and
Martyn Lewis) as they read news bulletins, by making direct and personal
comments to Plaintiff.

3. The campaigns purpose was to subject Plaintiff to great mental stress
and induce mental breakdown. As a result of it Plaintiff did indeed suffer
from severe mental strain in 1990-97.

4. In order to avoid the mental strain being caused to him the Plaintiff
has been compelled to stop watching BBC TV news. Defendant therefore
committed the tort of private nuisance, since normal use of home was
interfered with.

5. Plaintiff claims a permanent injunction prohibiting further nuisance,
and damages for nuisance suffered limited to 5,000.

Naturally, my attempt to smoke-out the BBC and its lying newscasters
failed. The BBCs litigation department sought to have my summons struck
out; and they succeeded in doing so, on the grounds of my action
"disclosing no reasonable cause of action". I was also prevented from
issuing further civil claims against the BBC without leave of the
Court. Apparently litigants-in-person frequently / usually have their
claims struck out with this wording, regardless of the merit of their
claims.

BBC Suppresses my Claims of "Watching by Newscasters"

BBCs staff magazine Ariel ran my advert "BBC Newsreaders Spying on my
home" for one issue in the Personal category on 8/July/1997 before it was
spotted and axed by editor Robin Reynolds; please see
webpage; http://www.pair.com/spook/evidence/plaint/ariel.htm
Clearly the BBC will not allow claims of its wrongdoing to be made public
in the media channels it controls.

On several occasions people said to my face that harassment from the TV
was happening. On the first day I worked in Oxford, I spent the evening in
the local pub the Rose and Crown with the company's technical director
Ian, and Phil, another employee. Ian made a few references to me and said
to Phil, as if in an aside, "Is he the bloke who's been on TV?" to which
Phil replied, "Yes, I think so".

The reader might think that mere "watching" by newscasters etc might be a
relatively benign happening. But it is not; it is part of MI5s framework
of harassment and lies. On many occasions the reactions of the BBCs
newscasters to me has been in the nature of sarcasm, implicit contempt and
abuse. This is visible in Witchells news programme mentioned above, where
he engages in abuse by laughing at me during his newsreading. It was
particularly visible in the early period of 1990-92, and as late as Autumn
1993, when during a Newsnight broadcast Jeremy Paxman interviewed a
football person about soccer hooliganism, and the interviewee gave vent to
an unsubtle rant about "theyre idiots, theyre just idiots, keep up the
surveillance". Paxman started grinning, showing he understood and was
taking part in the abuse being perpetrated on that programme.

Conclusion

The MI5 Persecution started with harassment by television newscasters, and
today harassment by TV and radio presenters still forms a key part of MI5s
activities against me. When this business started in June 1990 I was in
relatively good health of mind. Years of persecution by the secret police
and their mouthpieces in the state-run BBC and other media eroded my
health until MI5 achieved their aim of seeing me rendered mentally ill in
November 1992. The diagnosis which was forced on me unfortunately and
ironically meant that my reports of the harassment are disregarded,
because the mentally ill are second-class citizens in todays Britain.

Yet TV and radio harassment continues, albeit in a reduced form, despite
my taping all the programmes I watch, resulting in my being able to obtain
and demonstrate objectively on the website instances of media presenters
attacking me. Unfortunately these recorded instances are quite tenuous; I
might understand them, the presenters understand what it is theyre doing,
but despite many thousands of people knowing the truth of the "newscaster
watching", the omerta continues and they continue to refuse to admit the
truth of the matter. It is a terrible indictment of British society that
there is not even one decent person willing to speak out. I look forward
to the day when the truth does finally emerge, and the mass corruption
which has allowed the MI5 persecution to take place is finally purged and
the Establishment criminals caught and appropriately punished.

23250


--
Posted via NewsDemon.com - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://www.NewsDemon.com<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access


