From 5146126411354066874
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3d9c13cd8fde6718,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.vallnet.com!news.vallnet.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 06 Oct 2004 11:11:14 -0500
Date: Wed, 06 Oct 2004 11:11:13 -0500
From: Tyas <tyas_mt@hotplonkmail.commies>
User-Agent: Mozilla Thunderbird 0.8 (Windows/20040913)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Interesting Rant on MMOG money selling
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <-NmdnWO6v5W_hPncRVn-rQ@vallnet.com>
Lines: 119
NNTP-Posting-Host: 207.59.200.164
X-Trace: sv3-Cy7uEphsIFASkaajHA8heLHXaHnbM4KEmpAA78YxyaVsNFMt4SejnWxLqwaCQWt63HAetX+Ih1xXB0l!sFuSj0Z9T8b74PQhO++WI+rFTb9MQtXm+H+VwWe3+FrcxNC+W2xTln/8HHiuQ6LS+OoyTQKvt2B6
X-Complaints-To: abuse@vallnet.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: mkemp@support.vallnet.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.19
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:18682

Not specifically EQ, but it is a SSDG kind of thing, you know.

 From http://www.reallifecomics.com/, repeated in entirety for those who 
might miss it at the site. (Today's comic, October 06, 2004 is not bad 
either).


-------------------------
I'd like to take a few minutes to address the issue put forth in today's 
comic - Gil selling. Not just relating to IGE in specific, but I will 
take a bit to discuss my problems there as well. (Note: If you don't 
play any MMORPG's, you probably don't care about any of this. This ain't 
for you.)

Let me start off by saying that yes, I remember letting IGE advertise 
with us a while back. At the time, I didn't really know who they were, 
all I knew was that they wanted to send us some money and put a banner 
up. I've since come to loathe what they do to these games, and would 
never, NEVER allow them to advertise on this site ever again. I recieved 
a large number of e-mails from upset readers back when I ran the ads, 
and I now understand why.

Here's the problem in a nutshell - IGE and other online companies sell 
Gil or Gold or whatever for all these various online games. (Gil is from 
Final Fantasy XI, and what I will be focusing on) They of course need to 
HAVE the Gil to sell first, which they purchase from certain players. 
Those players have to aquire it, so they go to great lengths to get it. 
Now, if it were as simple as playing normally, then selling the gil they 
got every now and again, I don't think the problem would have shown up. 
That's not the case.

There is a creature that spawns in Ordelle's Caves called the Stroper 
Chyme. It has, I believe, 2 spawn locations, and it pops every twelve 
minutes or so. It will occasionally drop the Archer's Ring, a Level 30 
ring that gives +2 to both Accuracy and Ranged Accuracy. Not too shabby. 
It was selling on the Auction House for somewhere around 250,000-300,000 
Gil, so that should tell you a bit. It used to be that you could go down 
and perhaps meet a few other people who are camping it, one of you would 
get lucky, and that was that. Yeah, there was camping, but nothing serious.

Now, however, there is a group of people who have both spots camped 
NON-STOP. 24/7. The same group, too. That alone isn't what's fishy... 
but when asked, they will occasionally admit to working for IGE. These 
aren't just hardcore players who want the ring, these are people who 
DEPEND on getting that ring, and the gil it sells for, for a paycheck. 
If you manage to grab the spawn before they do, you'll recieve a ration 
of crap for it, and they sometimes resort to dragging in weak monsters 
from the surrounding area just to make it harder for you to target the 
Chyme when it appears. That's a crappy way to treat other players, but 
that aside, the very thing they spend so much time doing is completely 
against the Final Fantasy XI Terms of Service.

3.1 Prohibited Activities.
You may not use the Game or PlayOnline for any activities that are 
illegal, fraudulent, or a violation of the rights of any third party. 
Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the following acts and 
activities are strictly prohibited and shall, without prejudice to any 
other rights or remedies that SEI may have, be cause for immediate 
termination of your PlayOnline account and your right to play the Game 
(or any other services) in connection therewith:
(a) Any activities consisting of selling, purchasing or exchanging "gil" 
or any other currency that may be used in the Game from time to time, 
characters, and/or Game items for value (including, but not limited to, 
any payment in kind and any payment in any currency recognized as legal 
tender in any country, state, territory or other jurisdiction anywhere 
in the world) through any means or venue, including, without limitation, 
Internet auctions or other online exchanges;

Gee, does that sound like anything these guys are doing? Not only is it 
against the User Agreement for these people to be selling the Gil to 
IGE, it's against the User Agreement for anyone else to BUY the Gil from 
IGE. The very business they run is prohibited by Square-Enix! IGE tries 
to cover their butt by not actually "hiring" these gil sellers... they 
merely act as independent contractors. But that doesn't cancel out the 
fact that they are buying the gil from these people and selling it to 
others. It's a huge industry that's completely and totally against the 
rules. Not illegal, but against the rules.

Why do I care? Personally, it doesn't affect me. I don't NEED the 
Archer's Ring, and I certainly couldn't afford to buy it, even before 
the gil-sellers jacked the price up to over 500,000. I don't plan on 
camping the Stroper Chyme anytime soon. But where it affects me is when 
half the people in the Shirt Ninjas are angry enough with it to want to 
try and do a server migration to get away from it. The sad thing is, 
within a week, there will be gil-sellers on the new servers as well. 
Most current servers already have Chyme campers. They're ruining the 
actual gameplay for those who play honestly, removing an entire portion 
of the game. And it's not just the Chyme... the IGE sellers can be found 
all over Vana'diel... the Chyme campers are just one aspect.

What angers me most about the whole thing is that Square-Enix has done 
NOTHING to stop them. I've seen translated Japanese letters to S-E about 
the issue, so it's not just us crazy Americans bitching again. S-E HAS 
to know about the problem. In the snippet from their user agreement 
above, it clearly says that they can and will terminate the accounts of 
anyone who engages in buying or selling gil. That means the gil-sellers, 
and that means anyone who buys from IGE. It's easy enough to deal with 
the problem... arrange a series of "stings" where a S-E employee poses 
as a purchaser, then immediately ban the account of whoever transfers 
the gil over to you. Do that for a few weeks, and you'll shut down the 
source of the gil, putting them in trouble. There's absolutely no excuse 
for the lack of action thus far.

So what's the point of this whole rant? Partially it's to educate the 
public, who really doesn't care in general, but it at least explains 
today's comic. Mostly, I want to get the attention of anyone who works 
at Square-Enix and get a freaking answer as to why nothing is being 
done. There has been ZERO official word from S-E regarding this, and 
that's just inexcusable. And a part of me wants to let IGE know that 
while there may be people willing to buy from them, the majority of 
players are incensed at what their business does to the enjoyability of 
the game. We're tired of it, now cut it the hell out. Allright... done 
with my soap box for now.
------------------------------------------

--
Tyasa, Mithra Monk 30 / Thief 13, Odin, FFXI
Tyas, Dark Elf Enchanter 56, Morell-Thule, EQ (Ret.)
Tyas Duskchaser, Zabrak Master Smuggler, Eclipse, SWG (Ret.)


