From -4837084079406833288
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5dcc9c14f6330385,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-06-20 19:45:32 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-pas-nf2!newsfeed.earthlink.net!news.astraweb.com!news-small.astraweb.com!news-out.spamkiller.net!propagator2-maxim!feed-maxim.newsfeeds.com!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3EF3C0B1.A9B7D953@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Leaving a guild
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 202
Date: Sat, 21 Jun 2003 02:23:57 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.235.56
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1056162237 66.109.235.56 (Fri, 20 Jun 2003 22:23:57 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 20 Jun 2003 22:23:57 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:289188

Well, I finally did guildremoves last night.  Its not the first
guild I've left, and heck, might not be the last.

I got into the guild because I tired of the politics in my last
guild, and because a very good friend was in this one, I never
applied or anything, just being a decent cleric who was friends
with a member and who had raided with the guild many many times
in the  past was enough to get me an invite within hours of
guildremoving from the previous guild.

Stuck with this one for most of a year, actually, pretty decent
folks and not a lot of bickering.

But as they leveled up and became more powerful, they started
wanting to go places I didn't want to go, do things I didn't want
to do.  When they got serious about doing COV faction killing
raids, I decided the solution was to make an alt and level him up
to where he'd be useful and more than happy to go.  Made a bard,
which was a sorely underrepresented class in the guild, and after
getting him up in levels a ways, did many levels of killing in
SS, which was fun; this was a dragon hating bard thru and thru.

I didn't get any help or support from the guild on this, and had
trouble grouping with guild mates' alts, because either they were
only played occaisionally and so I'd outpace them rapidly, or
they were dual boxing them up and so would outpace me equally
rapidly.

Sometimes I'd still play my cleric "main" on raids, but hardly
ever outside raids, as I was leveling up the bard instead, and
heck, cleric was 65 and no AA he was really excited to get
anyway.

Eventually I got to where the bard could viably tag along on
raids, and even contribute somewhat.  But he was never -welcome-
on them really, they'd far rather I be playing the cleric.

Eventually I got interested in a shaman for various reasons, and
spent a fair amount of time playing him, in between running
cleric on raids.

I got into a conversation with a guild officer sometime a couple
weeks ago, then, that was really the beginning of the end.  He
pointed out that they have a new rule, telling new recruits that
they are supposed to play mains, not alts, on raids.  Well, I
explained that I'd created the bard to fill a gap and because
there were certain raids I simply wasn't going to run my cleric
on for personal reasons, but that my bard felt just the reverse,
there were things -he- wouldn't do but the cleric would.  If that
rule was a problem, though, I'd be happy to switch "main" to bard
instead.  Ah, well bard mains must be at least 61 to be in the
guild.  In the time between when I'd decided bard was the most
needed class as well as interesting to play, they'd recruited
more bards, so that instead of being one of two, I was one of 6
and the lowest level one at that.

So that was the end of my bard end run.

Then last night, I had another long conversation with another
guild officer, one I'd known so long that I remember teaching him
to be a mezzing necro back in our 40s in the Hole; he'd
complained that groups didn't want necromancers, and I got him to
increase his utility and then make groups of his own since the
average person wouldn't think Mezzer when they saw his class.

This conversation was a lot more personal, a lot less generic.
He wanted me to get a Emperor key for my cleric and help get the
guild into Vex Thal.  I said I just couldn't see devoting 2
months of my life to getting into a single zone.  He said that it
would only take two days to do it.  Well if thats the case why
have the guild been working on it every day for two months,
whenever not raiding?  Well, he says, it takes two days to get
one key, thats 12 days for a group of course.

Hmm, well I've retired my cleric, I say, I'm happy to come raid
with him if you need him, but I'm not going to spend 12 days
camping boring camps (I've done them for several days already
keying others) in order to help you guys out with a cleric.  If
you want him, then put together a team to key him in two days
like you say, and I'll come along.

He's not interested in this plan, and tells me he thinks I'm
foolish to expect people to key me like that.  I say no, you
dont' understand, I don't expect people to do it for me, I expect
it not to get done at all.

The quote I was looking for is "I expect you to die, Mr. Bond" I
think... Bond or maybe Austin Powers, I can't quite remember it.

At any rate, the upshot of this all was that I really haven't had
a lot of fun in the guild with my cleric in ages; never get exp
groups, raids at the high end tend to be very repetitive, most of
my old friends have left for other guilds or quit the game
entirely... between the two conversations I realized that I
really didn't want to be in the guild anymore at all, seeing the
times I logged in on a guild character as a chore rather than a
welcome bit of fun and comradeship.

My necro friend told me he thought I'd crippled myself by not
doing what SOE wants me to; switching factions as I progress up,
so as to follow the "story" line, or if you dont care about the
story, then just as the prescribed route of "progression".

Personally, thats not what the game is about for me.  I think EQ
is a "big tent" that can include a lot of different play styles.
I love figuring out new things, new styles, playing around with
different combinations to do things.  I like the way different
characters actually differ from each other.  I'm not a heavy duty
"role player" kitted out with thee's and thou's (I own a sword
business at several renaissance festivals, I get enough "old
english dialect" to fill me up on the job) but my characters do
each have a different personality and outlook on life, and I see
faction as a strong part of that, generally.

My cleric moved to Thurgadin at level two, got a bind there, and
only started going to Kaladim when he got his Faithstone, and
that only because there is no Coldain faithstone. Nonetheless, he
did his early leveling on Snow Bunnies, and came back 20 levels
later to start in on Drakkal Wolves and the like.  He's a giant
slayer, and that made him a dragon friend as well as a coldain.
I'm not going to turn around and start killing things that
reverse that direction, positive faction with giants and negative
with COV?  Just because the loot is better that way?  I'm too
stubborn and set in my ways, or too loyal and steadfast,
depending how you want to look at it.

My bard, on the other hand, has always hated dragons, and hunts
them whenever he can, he won't kill coldain -or- giants, not out
of some misplaced loyalty, but rather because he's currently not
KOS to either, and it suits him to be able to wander their lands
freely, making either side love him with a song.  If for some
reason this wasn't enough to do something or other, he'd happily
kill the other faction enough to complete the quest and then work
his way back up.  He's a practical man, or an utter rogue,
depending on how you choose to see it.  But he wants as few
people as possible to hate him, so he has to be careful what he
does and doesn't do.  Either way, he's certainly not like my
cleric.

My shaman will happily kill anything and anyone and faction go
hang.  If there's a faction he needs he'll happily kill their
enemies in the best way he can devise to do it.  He's not evil in
the "I like to kill good" sense, but rather in the "I'll do
whatever it takes to help myself" sense.  He's not like either my
cleric or bard, unless you want to describe the trio as
descending from good to evil or something like that.

Oddly, its this last, most self centered, sense that my old chum
tells me SOE wants us all to adopt.  In a way, I can see his
point, if you really need Thurg armor to kill in HOT, HOT armor
to kill in WTOV, then you go from coldain to COV to giant
factions, one after the other.

But I'm not going to play that way just because SOE wants me to,
even if it does mean missing out on some "high level content".  I
care more about playing the character than I do about getting
into some top end zones, anyway.

And I like playing lower level characters more than high end ones
anyway... but the guild didn't support me playing that 57 bard,
they sure don't support me playing a now 48 shaman (10+ high
level shaman in guild atm).

Later in the conversation, I said I'd really retired the cleric
and my old buddy said he hated to see the guild lose a resource
like that.  When I said that I didn't expect the guild to change
to suit me, but rather that I didn't see why I'd want to play in
ways that I didn't enjoy, I was accused of being selfish and
spoiled; I'd said I found that up to 62 I could solo, so I didn't
spend time waiting LFG forever, but since then every play session
had been a grind surrounded by endless waiting... he basically
said welcome to the club.

Well, no, this isn't a job, its a passtime to amuse ourselves
with.  And while I'm willing to do some boring stuff in order to
open up more excitement in the future, I don't see the point of
doing boring stuff in order to open up even -more- boring stuff.
If the guild can't accomodate my wish to be mostly playing and
doing fun stuff, then I don't see why I should stay in it...
witness the fact that I've been happily playing my shaman most of
the time for the past month or so, and gettting just the sort of
play experience I want, mixing solo time with groups of every
size, and never ever sitting around LFG or waiting for a raid
force to form up for hours on end.

A few hours after this conversation, I logged in my bard and
cleric and guildremoved them both.  I'm a free agent again.  I'm
interested to see if this means I end up playing either of them
again other than to help my shaman do quests or CRs or rezzing
and buffing groupmates...

On the other hand, my shaman may be interested in looking into
some of the 50s' level guilds out there now, I've avoided the
guild invites I've gotten since I was just playing an alt and was
getting my fill of raiding on my cleric and bard anyway.

Should be interesting either way.

Paax, 48 shaman, Morel Thule





