From -2488504321408458143
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7839d8f598b6dc7d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!prodigy.com!newsmst01a.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr28.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Eric J. Hawman" <ejhawman@ameritech.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Life at the top
Lines: 187
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
Message-ID: <n_wNc.43776$eH1.20425581@newssvr28.news.prodigy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.74.36.21
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr28.news.prodigy.com 1090952211 ST000 68.74.36.21 (Tue, 27 Jul 2004 14:16:51 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 27 Jul 2004 14:16:51 EDT
Organization: SBC http://yahoo.sbc.com
X-UserInfo1: FKPO@MC@@S@YBSHXOZN^_VLAUC\\@G@OKPQL_DILJZ]BGIELCNSKQFCY@TXDX_WHSVB]ZEJLSNY\^J[CUVSA_QLFC^RQHUPH[P[NRWCCMLSNPOD_ESALHUK@TDFUZHBLJ\XGKL^NXA\EVHSP[D_C^B_^JCX^W]CHBAX]POG@SSAZQ\LE[DCNMUPG_VSC@VJM
Date: Tue, 27 Jul 2004 18:16:51 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11297

  I do not miss the days of yore, when I was a lowbie warrior and
everyone who was anyone was already 65. Many long months I
labored to make myself visible in their eyes, a real player with
real ability to contribute to a fight and not just some 35th level
dust mote beneath their feet. Long weeks in the wilderness,
years in Norratian time, allowed my characters to level up to a
point where even top-level people with hundreds of AAs and
Time gear would accept me into their LDoN groups.

  I first felt like I was arriving when I could finally do a /who check
of a zone and see Adastraea's class and level listed: [57 Evoker].
That, surely, was someone who belonged in the places where the
action was, on the walls in PoV. And then [61 Sorcerer], in the
final decade, within sight of the top and able to take part in real raids.
And finally [65 Arcanist]...she had arrived.

  Now...

  Adas is in Nadox, grabbing a few odd blue bubbles of AAXP while
waiting for something to happen. Something does: on one of her
trips back to PoK to sell loot and get unencumbered, a crier
advertises: "Open Crazed trial in HoH". Well, I hadn't done AD yet,
and kept wiping against RD, but I could at least check this out, see
what it might entail. I go to HoH and wait around amid the
milling throng until I am invited to join a group and coth'd to the
trial site.

  Another half hour of waiting as groups form up. Another crier
enters the zone: "Open Bertoxxulous raid forming. We will be doing
Carprin cycle first. Level 63+, PST to Irrelin, class and level only, no
chat". Irrelin was one of the organizers of my smoothly successful
Terris Thule raid; and probably the best of  the three or four open
raid organizers currently on TP. I cross my fingers and monitor  both
raid channels, and the Flagless channel for those needing CoDb
access, hoping to get Crazed done before Carprins starts. No luck:
Irrelin closes admissions with 30 people in Flagless and more
expected to come by invitation. I regrettably leave the Crazed raid
and head to the Crypt of Decay.

  Another half hour of waiting for groups to form. Then buffs, pulls
of the nearer trash, and we are ready for some action. Irrelin is saying
a lot of things in ALL CAPS and has made a *lot* of hotkeys for
instructions and spammed repeats. Can't presume too muchy of an
open raid, after all: many people here unguilded, like me, or in
non-raiding guilds, not very disciplined. They have to be treated
with some roughness. I approve; I'm trending toward the same style
myself.

  We warm up against Paffa. The trash is cleaned out clear to Paffa's
chamber, then the raid moves up to the bend in the corridor just
before the ramp up. We are told to hug the right wall as closely as
possible; I invis just to be sure. Our puller goes in and aggros all of
Paffa's guards and sycophants, and runs back to the throne room
with a HUGE train on his tail. As the caboose passes, we pounce
on Paffa. He proves to be a wuss, relative to the strength of 70
players; he goes down before his poeple can come back, causing
them to despawn. Of course, a few trash mobs spawn to replace
them, but they are easily dealt with.

  Our appetite for blood whetted, we return to the throne room and
pull up to Carprin, then Carprin himself. He proves easy enough to
fell, and we are off and running. Up to Carp's former position, pull
up to the next named, then the named himself, rinse and repeat.
One of the named requires special handling: for every kill he makes -
player OR pet - four adds will spawn. We get away with only one
death, and easliy handle the four adds. It is smooth skiing after
that, and Adastraea gets flagged to confront the Lord of Decay.

  The raid breaks up so that everyone can take their bio's and bank
and whatnot. We form up again in CoDb, huddled into one corner.
There is only one mob up: a Spirit of Corruption. There is a palpable
sense of excitement in the air: here I am, level 65, doing one of the
BIG raids, Bert. And making my presence felt with my crits. I feel
like I belong.

  The event is timed: once we down the Spirit of Corruption we will
have two hours to kill Bert, working our way through his Twelve
Heroes first. And assorted lesser mobs, level 64 and up. Irrelin
explains we will have to rez and rebuff on the fly, and details people
for these tasks. All in readiness, seventy-two people huddled into a
corner waiting to strike, the order is given, the Spirit is pulled.

  Clusters of lesser mobs are pulled en mass and PBAE'd down.
Adas falls three times; each time she is rezzed twice - there are
two clerics detiled fot the duty and have to act fast; better safe
than sorry. I soon learn to decline the second rez and keep the first
rebuffs cast. Mana flow is not a problem with c5, SD, Pot9, necros
twitching and bards singing. Pull mobs, AE, pull a Hero of Bert,
grind him down, repeat. The last four Heroes all pop at once, but
can be pulled individually; when only one remains, we finally make
our move, going to him so that Bert will pop into an unoccupied
chamber.

  Finally, the last Hero falls. We rush back to the central chamber,
staying well clear of Bert. Screenshot time. A few more minor mobs
pop and must be killed; eventually it is decided to mez the last few
and ignore them until we finish their master. We pile on Bertoxxulous,
and in a crazy two minutes he falls. My Manaburn takes off 5% of his
health at the end, though someone else gets the kill. Congratulations
all around. We finish off the mezzed, and wait like good little raiders
for the order to hail the Planar Projection. Another flag for Adas.


  A few things still seem lacking, however. I spend most of my savings
over the next week making up the perceived shortcomings. 15k
for a copy of the spell Strike of Solusek, 2740 DD, the best that
wizards get. I already have Shock of Magic, capable of 3000, but it
hits for 2000 or less more often than not. 7k for a Dusty Girdle of
Reformed Sand, making SoS worth 3000 DD or more routinely.
I start getting crits in the 5500 - 6000 range; the mark of the REAL
wizards.
9500pp for a horse; mobs in HoH start falling a little faster. And
one of our druid pullers learns she can afford to pull half the zone
at once when we have sufficient AE power. Mad XP.


  The Bert raid was the apotheosis of my EQ life so far. But the best was
yet to come: Agnarr.

  Last weekend, I resolved to spend most of my time in the Planes,
perferably
HoH, in hopes there would be an open Agnarr raid. As it happened,
I was indeed in HoH when I got an invite to an Agnarr raid - but not
an open one. Acropolis, one of the top guilds on TP, rebuilding toward the
elemental planes, had him this weekend. They decided they needed an
extra wizard, and several former members of my last guild, Kryptic Rage,
who had ended up in Acropolis, remembered me. Of course I was happy
to help - and get my own flag.

  I soon found out why they needed a wizard in particular. Each level of
Agrarr's tower has four portals and a named mob. The named, once
engaged, would fire off an energy wave that would cause the portals
to spawn adds. The portals could be targetted and destroyed like mobs,
but had some substantial number of hit points and would take a while to
destroy. However, they were green to a level 65 and thus vulnerable to the
60th level wizard spell Disintegrate. Which I had.

  The current crop of recruits in Acropolis needs some work; they didn't
show a lot of ability to remember orders. There were a lot of tests of
messages in the raid channel, so I didn't know when we were actually
given the go-ahead order; it kept seeming like people were already in
ahead of the main group. On the first floor we got several adds; it took
several minutes to finish them. On the second floor we were instructed
to stay away from the named and use distance attacks, letting the MA
and SA take all the flurries and rampages. No one remembered this the
first time; all the melees rushed to engage at close range before being
reminded to back off. They als took a while to recognize there were three
adds; several people died before they were engaged. On the third floor
it was more of the same: the kiters couldn't get aggro, and only one kiter
and one cleric survived. Amazingly, this was enough to recover; we
were able to rez, rebuff, and take down an add. Then, instead of pulling
another add, we pulled the named, and again nearly wiped. And again,
several of the newly rezzed were killed when the kiters had trouble
keeping aggro.

  Finally, things came together. The named went down, then the adds, then
we worked down Agnarr. The portals repopped and had to be disintegrated
again. Named giants spawned when Agnarr hit 75%, 50%, and 25%; the last
was kited as we focussed on Agnarr. Finally, he went down, and we could
work on the last named. Then up the stairs to hail Karana and get another
screenshot.

  Last night, another open Crazed trial; this time nothing to distract me.
There's a chance of a warrior trial tonight. Now, if only I can get an AD
raid,
a successful RD, and a successful Behemoth...


  EJH

  On Tholuxe Paells:
  [65 Wizard] Adastraea Starwind (High Elf) of Erollisi Marr
  [59 Druid] Rabotev Startree (Wood Elf) of Tunare
  [41 Warrior] Gruggoredil Dullwit (Barbarian) of Rallos Zek
  [39 Monk] Tosev Starfist (human) of Quellious
  [39 Shadow Knight] Neuveniu Sinstorm (Dark Elf) of Innoruuk
  [29 Enchanter] Nuneveiu Arworthi (Dark Elf)
  [23 Cleric] Celune (High Elf) of Tunare
  [12 Beastlord] Grukyn (Vah Shir)

  On Drinal:
  [10 Bard] Greban (Vah Shir)

  On Firiona Vie:
  [32 Cleric] Adastra Peraspera (High Elf) of Tunare




