From 1934288947617775182
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,86303dd1123f85b0,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-23 04:43:18 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!pd7cy1no!pd7cy2so!shaw.ca!news-out.superfeed.net!propagator2-maxim!feed-maxim.newsfeeds.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To:  emporer@dejazzd.com
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Bad LDoN... what fun!
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 129
Message-ID: <y52wb.3869$y5.241055@nnrp1.ptd.net>
Date: Sun, 23 Nov 2003 12:53:50 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.64
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1069592030 66.109.253.64 (Sun, 23 Nov 2003 07:53:50 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 23 Nov 2003 07:53:50 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:8815

I'm in a regular LDoN group most evenings these days, consisting of a
husband and wife warrior/cleric pair (Ogre and High Elf, imagine that)
plus a dwarf paladin, and me, gnomage.  We grab two more of whatever
class, and then do whichever mission comes up first, never turning one
down.  IF the group does very well, and is all staying together, we then
run a Hard mission, again, whatever comes up first.

Well this time we scared up a beastlord and a bard.  Then we waited and
waited before finally getting a message from the bard saying 10 more
minutes.  Got a mage instead.  Mage went LD and didn't repop in the next
5 minutes.  Finally we were ready to go with 5 when we got a ranger,
lower level than the rest of us but still well within our range.
Honestly by this time the bard would have been available if he was right
about the 10 minutes, but we were outraged that we were supposed to wait
20 minutes (10 minutes after invite before he tells us 10 minutes) for
him to join us, to do a mission that probably would take us less than an
hour!)

At any rate, finally the ranger pops, joins us gets showered with buffs
(we've already buffed everyone else, which is a bit wasteful but we were
all just sittng there FM twiddling our thumbs) and we take off for an
assassination mission.

The mission is a bit rough, the ranger in particular is a bit shakey,
never comments on what up on track, doesn't help with locating the
target once its popped... but that may be because he wasn't asked and
because I have it spotted with my eye within a minute of its popping;
we'd been headed the right way already, and I'm getting better about
always sitting facing a compass direction so I can easily translate a
"commotion" message into a 1/8th pie slice.  As predicted, we do finish
in under an hour, and since nothing is on track from our kill point (a
good ranger would know if there was anything in the entire dungeon, I
think, since we'd travelled close enough to most of it) we decide to
leave and to again.  Sadly, though, the beastlord, who has been steady
and deadly, has other business to go do... so no Hard mission for us
this time.

One funny thing about the ranger this run: early on he says something
that we are 90% certain is a lie.  Mobs run away on us and we barely get
them dead before they run us into trouble (if not for agressive lulling,
it would be -after- trouble) not once, but three times in a row.  Asked
if he's having trouble snaring, ranger says he's getting a lot of
resists (he'd been told to tell us if there were resist problems,
because I can malosi the mobs to take care of that if needed) and then
(here's the fun part) it keeps breaking early.  Snare Breaking Early.
OK, this can happen; cancel magic line can remove a debuff like snare.
But snare isn't root, it won't break from normal circumstances.  And we
don't think anyone is cancelling; none of the core four are doing it for
sure, the beastlord doesnt seem to be either.  I start casting malosi
and there are no further problems, nor do I see any "malosi breaks"
messages; if something was cancelling, I'd expect my debuff to get
stripped now since its there well in advance of the snare.  We discuss
this oddity in tells, concerned that it might be something real and
worrisome, but eventually we decide its really not happening... just
something the ranger said to save face.

We pick up another beastlord and go again... and its a whole different 
kettle of fish this time.  She keeps getting aggro, spending cleric mana 
to heal her.  Half the time her pet doesn't come in till well after mine 
does.  Spiritual Purity runs out on me and I can't get her to cast it 
for well over 15 minutes, not till it also runs out on the cleric and we 
all come to a halt.

At the same time, our ranger takes at least 15 minutes and another full 
stop before he gets the idea that he really has to clear up a buff slot 
so HOTs will land on him.  He's apparantly gotten the beastlord to give 
him every buff she's got plus is using all of his own, and doesn't 
realize that the most effiecient method both the paladin and cleric have 
for topping him off (he at least doesn't often take enough damage to 
warrant a cheal) is being blocked by this plan.

This doesn't add up to crippling, but it -is- annoying, and the 
incremental inefficiency does slow our pace down to the point where when 
the target finally pops we are getting down to the wire.  He's also 
quite a ways off, as it turns out, I keep scouting off down side 
directions, but finally spot him at the very end of the long hall we are 
in.  We can't kill our way there in time, we end up lulling past about 
20 mobs down that hall, including a roamer.  With everything lulled near 
us we pull one mob to make room, then pull the boss, despite me and 
cleric being down to LOM, we only have three minutes to go.  Ranger 
starts getting aggro, we tell him we don't have mana to heal him, but 
still the mob ping pongs back and forth between him and the warrior till 
he dies, as the warrior recieves the LOH during one of the rounds when 
he has aggro.  Cleric goes OOM, and shortly after this the warrior 
drops, unable to back out of the fight due to low HP aggro.  Paladin 
goes next, having done very nicely at keeping the aggro, by now I've 
spent everything I have nuking.  Beastlord is getting eaten alive, does 
manage to back out, so her pet takes the heat and dies, and then its 
down to just my pet, which comes down to 5% of its HP before the target 
finally dies.

A fabulous fight, which will go down in the history books for me, as 
close as they come... or so I think, until the beastlord casts her pet 
and buffs it up seconds after the target dies.  She had mana, and just 
sat there watching the approaching wipe!  Could have made pet, could 
have healed, could have nuked, heck, rolling back the tape on the fight, 
she didn't slow the mob, although she'd been slowing most of the normal 
mobs all the way thru the dungeon (once we told her that Sha's Lethargy 
-is- a slow, something she didn't know, in fact she was unaware 
beastlords ever get slow!)

Now a roamer comes lumbering down the hall.  No mana to lull says the 
cleric.  Beastlord stays in the middle of the hall, it comes up to her, 
aggros, and she starts fighting it.  I send in my pet, which I was about 
to start canni-ing, since I'm still OOM... but no luck.  Cleric OOM for 
heals.  Beastlord stays in and goes down swinging, instead of letting 
the pets work.... when she goes, though, her pet does too.  We watch my 
pet for a couple tics, and staring at our still nearly empty mana bars, 
turn to each other and simultaneously say "gate", getting out while my 
pet is still at 40% but the mob is at a very healthy 60%... and part of 
that damage he took from the beastlord/pet pair.  FIght might still have 
been winnable, since cleric and I were getting some mana back, but we 
both burned mod rods during the boss fight, and it didn't look likely, 
plus with no non gaters to protect, it was just simpler to hit the panic 
button.

We ran back in, again lulled past all those mobs to the bodies, killed 
the bear, then rezed everyone, killed a few more mobs till the timer ran 
out.  Back to the adventurer's camp to split and split up.

Discussing things afterwards, after the ranger and beastlord were gone, 
we agreed that we'd had a great time, a down to the wire challenging 
mission using every trick we knew to barely pull the success off... and 
that we'd never group with either of those two again!

Splendid One, 52 Gnomage, Firiona Vie
Oh, got Regen 2 somewhere in there




