From 2467380751743658638
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,72c668982baf41ff,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-01 09:47:41 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Weird Login Glitch
Date: Fri, 01 Feb 2002 12:43:28 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C5AD3C0.E52B792@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 46
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:162998

Hey.
  Wrote an e-mail to VI techsupport, but as usual, no response yet, so
I'll see if anybody here saw anything similar.

Sometime since the last patch, I have developed a strange problem with
EQ. When I first initiate and it starts connecting to the log-in server,
it downloads two files (as if there had been a patch) every single time
I log in. Don't have my notes in front of me, but they are named
something like eqgame.something and the second one has the word "log" in
the file name. Once this is done, it allows me to hit the log-in screen
as per normal. After supplying my user name and password, it takes me to
the usual "world loading" screen with all the Easter Eggs.

Now, if this is the *first* time I've run EQ since restarting the
computer, it goes through there just fine to the character select
screen, and I can play pretty much as normal, except I'm getting these
weird pauses. Every ten or fifteen seconds, the game will just freeze
for one to three seconds, then catch up and continue. (No change in lag
bar, no red numbers, etc. Just instant freeze.) 

If I log off and then later try to log back into the game (without
restarting the computer first) I get through the server select screen up
to the world loading screen, it finishes, and instead of going to
character select, it goes black for about one second and I get the white
"You Have Been Disconnected" and it throws me back to log in. This is
not totally stopping me from playing, but it's annoying as hell. So
basically I have to restart every time I finish playing. Plus, it will
*still* download those two files initially every time I start, shutdown
or not.

My wifes machine is connected through the same pipeline (over a hub) to
the same cable modem, provider, etc. and has not once experienced this
phenomena of downloading two files, nor disconnecting prior to character
select. I'm fairly sure the first day of this was the day after they did
that midnight short patch of the login server, not the last actual patch
day.

Sound like anything that's already been found and fixed?
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
Braellaen: "Does anyone know the approx hit points of a rhino?"
Kirstin: "7. But they're *big* HP."

Thurgadin Quest Armor Guide:
http://myweb.servtech.com/~thegeorg/eq/thurgadin.htm


