From -5447914397098335179
X-Google-Thread: fb739,be5920e8e543a7c1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!wn14feed!worldnet.att.net!attbi_s02.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <40E68191.EDFD7C7@nowhere.net>
From: Darren Chriest <notme@nowhere.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.08 [en] (WinNT; U)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Funny Everquest Story #5 (You have entered Denny's)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 224
NNTP-Posting-Host: 67.168.79.2
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-Trace: attbi_s02 1088848277 67.168.79.2 (Sat, 03 Jul 2004 09:51:17 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 03 Jul 2004 09:51:17 GMT
Organization: Comcast Online
Date: Sat, 03 Jul 2004 09:51:17 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:8563

You have entered Denny's.
You say, 'Hail Denny's hostess'
Denny's hostess says 'Hello, Bruin. Welcome to Denny's. [Smoking] or
[non-smoking]?'
You say, 'non-smoking'
You say, 'what about non-smoking'
You say, 'I would like non-smoking please'
Denny's hostess says 'Right this way, please.'
You are out of food and drink.
Glodor shouts, 'has anyone seen the waiter?'
Aaramis shouts, 'no and I've been camping him for a half hour'
You are out of food and drink.
Mystoran shouts, 'I see him'
Glodor shouts, 'dont kill him, i still have to do the order quest'
You are hungry.
You are thirsty.
You are out of food and drink.
You say, 'Hail Denny's waiter'
Denny's waiter says 'Hello, Bruin. You look like you could use some
[coffee]'
You say, 'give me coffee'
You say, 'Yes I'll have some coffee'
Denny's waiter says 'Ah, excellent! We have [regular] and [decaf].'
You say, 'I will have some decaf'
You say, 'what about decaf'
You say, 'I would like decaf'
Denny's waiter says 'I expected nothing less of you. Here, take this.'
You gain experience!
Your faction standing with Juan Valdez got better
You drink your coffee.
You were hit by non-melee for 39 dmg
YOU are burning!
You shout, 'Ow hehe this coffee's hot'
Larates shouts, 'Haha you should have order orange juice'
You are hungry.
You are out of food.
Annoying kid says 'Pikachuuuuuu'
Annoying kid tries to hit YOU, but misses!
Annoying kid tries to hit YOU, but misses!
Annoying kid hits YOU for 3 points of damage.
Auto-attack on.
You hit Annoying kid for 17 points of damage.
You hit Annoying kid for 22 points of damage.
You have slain Annoying kid!
Your faction standing with Disciplineless Mothers got worse
Your faction standing with Denny's Customers got better
Your faction standing with The World at Large got better
Annoying kid's corpse says 'My mother will avenge my death!'
You receive 3 copper as your split.
You are hungry.
You are out of food.
Disciplineless mother says 'Your actions and history are a personal
affront to all I stand for.'
Disciplineless mother begins casting a spell.
Disciplineless mother pet is enveloped in flames.
Off-duty police officer says 'Hey! No pets in the building!'
Disciplineless mother pet hits YOU for 18 points of damage.
Off-duty police officer hits Disciplineless mother for 287 points of
damage.
Off-duty police officer hits Disciplineless mother for 234 points of
damage.
Off-duty police officer kicks Disciplineless mother for 27 points of
damage.
Disciplineless mother is slain by Off-duty police officer!
Disciplineless mother pet hits YOU for 12 points of damage.
Off-duty police officer hits Disciplineless mother pet for 262 points of

damage.
Off-duty police officer was burned.
Disciplineless mother pet is slain by Off-duty police officer!
Off-duty police officer says 'Let this be a lesson, that none can
withstand
the wrath of the
Local Police Department!'
You are hungry.
You are out of food.
You say, 'Hail Denny's waiter'
Denny's waiter says 'Can I get you some more [coffee]?'
You say, 'No, I want to place my order'
You say, 'Can I place my order?'
You say, 'Let me place my order dammit!'
Denny's waiter says 'Ah, would you like to try our [Grand Slam
Breakfast]?'
You say, 'I will have the grand slam breakfast'
Denny's waiter says 'How would you like your [eggs]?'
You say, 'scrambled'
You say, 'I would like them scrambled'
You say, 'what about eggs'
Denny's waiter says 'You can have [scrambled eggs] or [fried eggs].'
You say, 'I will have scrambled eggs'
Denny's waiter says 'Excellent, would you like anything to drink? Some
[orange juice], perhaps?'
You say, 'I will have orange juice'
You say, 'what about orange juice'
Denny's waiter says 'Our orange juice is fresh squeezed from
concentrate.'
You say, 'give me orange juice'
Denny's waiter says 'Okay, I'll be right back with your orange juice.'
You gain experience!
You are hungry.
You are out of food.
Darmond shouts "Camp Check!"
Bruin shouts " And one time at band camp......"
Larates says "Hey, I am camping the drunk chicks in booth 3 and 8"
Belephebe says "How can you keep up with all the spawn locations?"
Bromdor says "Dude! Drunk people have a high spawn rate in this zone!
Sweet!"
Larates says "BTW, also camping that Blue Rhino in the stuffed animal
claw
machine! Drunk chicks dig Blue Rhinos."
Eriad says "need some help with that Blue Rhino quest?"
Larates says "sure you get the side angle I'll get the front view."
Verant shouts, 'Attention, your bacon is now raw, because fully-cooked
bacon
lacks the inherent risks associated with our Vision of Bacon.'
Tumaria shouts, 'Wait a minute, this bacon hasn't been cooked for
months'
Verant shouts, 'Uhh... yes it has.'
Gewayn shouts, 'You kidding? We've been complaining about this stuff
being
raw for ages'
Verant shouts, 'Uh, whatever.'
Verant shouts, 'Oh.'
Verant shouts, 'uh.... I've just been informed that the bacon has been
raw
for several months now, but we were unable to determine this until we
fixed
a bug with the pancakes, which were previously large enough to obscure
the
bacon.'
Verant shouts, '... Oh, yeah, we nerfed your pancakes too.'
Denny's waiter says 'Here are your eggs, Bruin.'
You gain experience!
Your faction standing with Denny's Customers got worse
Scrambled eggs looks at you threateningly - what would you like your
tombstone to say?
You taste your eggs.
You are chilled to the bone.
You shout, 'oh man my eggs are cold'
Kyrria shouts, 'petition a manager then'
You petition, 'my scrambled eggs are cold'
Eriad shouts, 'Ack train to restroom!!!'
Glodor says, 'Bruin, I still can't believe you can eat this stuff'
Denny's waiter says 'Here is your breakfast, Mystoran.'
Mystoran begins to cast a spell.
Mystoran is protected from poison.
Mystoran says, 'I always come prepared'
You shout, 'Man, where's the manager'
Beater shouts, 'Haha u petitioned a managr u sux'
GM- Dnymgr tells you, 'Greetings, Bruin, I am The GM, the Denny's
manager.
How can I
assist you?'
You tell GM-Dnymgr, 'my scrambled eggs are cold'
GM-Dnymgr tells you, 'I will be with you as soon as possible, please
stay
patient'
You sip your coffee.
A cool breeze slips through your mind.
GM-Dnymgr says, 'Greetings, Bruin. Are your eggs still cold?'
You say, 'yes'
GM-Dnymgr begins to cast a spell.
Scrambled eggs burst into flame.
GM-Dnymgr says, 'Take care'
Beater says, 'Ack, I don't feel so well'
Beater begins to cast a spell.
Alka-Seltzer staggers.
Beater staggers.
Beater beams a smile at Alka-Seltzer.
Beater says, 'Ahhh, I feel much better now...'
Larates shouts, 'I got the blue dino!!'
Larates says, 'okay where are all the wood elves??'
Denny's waiter says 'Here, let me clear that away for you.'
You say, 'Hey, wait, that's my food, I'm not done yet....'
You shout, 'Hey, this waiter took my food!'
Cracten shouts, 'Yep, they do that sometimes if you let your food sit
there'
You say, 'Hail Denny's waiter'
Denny's waiter says 'Hello there, Bruin, how can I help you?'
You say, 'Check please'
Denny's waiter says 'Okay, here you go.'
You gain experience!
You say, 'Hail Denny's cashier'
Denny's cashier says 'Hello there, would you like to pay your [check]?'
You say, 'Yes I want to pay my check'
You say, 'what about my check?'
Denny's cashier says 'You must give me the check before I can reveal
more to
you.'
Denny's cashier says 'Ah, excellent! Would you like to know your
[total]?'
You gain experience!
Your faction standing with Denny's Cashiers got better
You say, 'what is my total?'
Denny's cashier says 'Your total is 6 gold, 7 silver, 9 copper. Will you
be
paying with a [MasterCard]?'
You say, 'yes I will use a mastercard'
Denny's cashier says 'Unfortunately your MasterCard is over-limit. Would
you
prefer to pay with [cash]?'
Your faction standing with MasterCard got worse
Your faction standing with Cheesy-Ass High-Interest-Rate Credit Card
Companies got better
You say, 'yes I will pay with cash'
Denny's cashier says 'Your total is 6 gold, 7 silver, 9 copper then.'
You gain experience!
You receive 2 silver, 1 copper.
Denny's waiter says 'You have stiffed me on my tip for the last time!'
Denny's waiter crushes YOU for 217 points of damage!
Denny's waiter crushes YOU for 204 points of damage!
Denny's waiter hits YOU for 226 points of damage!
Denny's waiter tries to hit YOU, but misses!
Denny's waiter bashes YOU for 74 points of damage!
You are stunned.
Denny's waiter crushes YOU for 189 points of damage!
You are bleeding to death!
Denny's waiter crushes YOU for 221 points of damage!
You have been slain by Denny's waiter!
You are no longer stunned.
LOADING, PLEASE WAIT...
You have entered Burger King.
You shout, 'Can I get a rez? My corpse is all the way over in Denny's.'



