From 5024050320833326256
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,db70603d038790d3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-01-28 23:11:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!crtntx1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!news-feed01.roc.ny.frontiernet.net!nntp.frontiernet.net!prodigy.com!newsmst01.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr28.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <4018B36F.643C@ameritech.net>
From: Eric Hawman <ejhawman@ameritech.net>
Reply-To: ejhawman@ameritech.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 3.01C-AIT  (Win95; U)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Adastraea, assassin
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 163
NNTP-Posting-Host: 67.37.26.113
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr28.news.prodigy.com 1075360116 ST000 67.37.26.113 (Thu, 29 Jan 2004 02:08:36 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 29 Jan 2004 02:08:36 EST
Organization: SBC http://yahoo.sbc.com
X-UserInfo1: [[PAPDCAOHWGBRLYYJHFOQTDTB_LPLLLVXU@OAQDJ@_@FNHCYFWUQBKZQLYJX\_ITFD_KFVLUN[DOM_A_NSYNWPFWNS[XV\I]PZ@BQ[@CDQDPCL^FKCBIPC@KLGEZEFNMDYMKHRL_YYYGDSSODXYN@[\BK[LVTWI@AXGQCOA_SAH@TPD^\AL\RLGRFWEARBM
Date: Thu, 29 Jan 2004 07:08:36 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17178

Late Sunday, I have Adastraea soloing in OT close to SF ramp. Her last
Dreadlands group had broken up with Ada half a yellow from 39; still
enjoying Clarity for a bit, I was determined to make the most of it and
nuke
well-known targets for a while. It didn't help, though, that as Ada
arrived 
at her bind point in the hallway niche and came down the ramp a troll in
the
SF ramp group started acting, well, trollish, coming on to Ada, thinking
her
sexy and all. C'mon, dud, haven't you seen High Elves before? I gave him
the /bonk "HENTAI!!!" routine but he didn't let up. I was about to
inform 
him there was a 36-year-old man pulling the strings of this virtual
woman 
when someone in guildchat asks: What's going on in GD? There are giants
lined up outside Thurg. Aha! several people in the guild say. A Ringwar!
  I should note that late in December, while I was working on Rabotev, 
some people in PoK /ooc'ed about Thurg being wasted; all the dwarves 
were dead. I investigated, and it was so; though they didn't always stay 
dead - I have to put a few down (there was, interestingly, no faction
hit).
Later commentors said it was a monthly thing - the giants would attack 
the city, and if they won all the dwarves would be dead for a few days.
More recently some messages here on a.g.e gave more detail: it's not
necessarily an automatic event, but triggered: someone was going for 
their tenth Coldain ring, which involved helping in an all-out battle
with 
the giants. Lats month, they'd failed. Now, presumably, the same people 
were trying again, possibly with a larger raid force.
  I know I should have logged Rab to investigate; he might have taken a 
few giants down himself. But I wanted to keep working with Ada, so I 
gated her to PoK and took the GD stone. Yup, right there on the hill
below
the book was a squad of Coldain Royal Guards, backed by archers. I 
headed to the river and there was a line of Kromrif Spearmen - and a
bunch 
of players forming a raid. I asked what levels were allowed; was told
"Any 
level, but if you're under 40, expect to die a lot". Even so, I went
LFG. No
one noticed.
  I watched the action up close as the raiders smashed the giants'
western 
flank; a formation of Coldains moved in afterward to hold the ground.
Man
and machine working together in harmony... I was surveying the main line 
again, keeping my distance after being told they summon, when a tell 
comes my way - "Want to join an LDoN group?"
  Hmmmm. Not the group I was hoping to get into. Still, as much fun as
it 
might be to watch the action unfold, the night wasn't getting any
younger, 
and Ada had to ding. Off to BB.  The group filled up, and we went into 
Lesser Faydark while the leader got a mission. Soon enough the adventure 
window came up - ASSASSINATION?
  None of my characters had ever done an assassination. When I lead an
adventure group, I have a policy against taking rescues or
assassinations.
So have most of the leaders of the other LDoN groups I've been in. Those
willing to do assassinations or rescues have so far always been
pressured
into taking collects or slaughters. Now, though, what was done was done;
orders were in hand and the clock was ticking. I made my way to the 
entrance, fearing a long linear dungeon where we would have to kill
everything
in our way to get to a room full of half a dozen guards and a PH. And
even if
we killed the guards first, new ones would spawn with the target.
  It wasn't quite that hard. The dungeon turned out to be a familiar
one; when 
the group started heading down a dead end, I warned them of it, though
they 
still cleared it for fun. After that I guided them through the main
path,
scouting ahead with Eye of Zomm. Some of themobs conned light blue to me
-
a quick check showed I was two levels higher than anyone else in the
group.
Our lowest level member dinged 33. Higher members dinged 36. Ada dinged
39 and did her usual /dance. Unfortunately I didn't have new spells to
scribe 
on me...
  A point came when we had made it far enough to cause the target to
spawn.
I knew exactly where she would be and soon we were on her doorstep. 45
minutes left. Piece of cake.
  The party wanted to try it like any normal room with six mobs: pacify
all,
pull the target alone. I had my doubts, but didn't voice them. They
tried it;
the whole room came out. A few minutes of chaos ensued, with most of the 
party beating on our target, Lunomi the Legendary, while I tried my luck
at reducing the number of other mobs beating on us, starting with
Lunomi's 
chanter-pet. It seemed to take only 10% damage from my strongest nuke. 
Did it really have that many hit points? No, my 325 point nuke was only
doing 75; must have a high cold resist or something. Then our druid goes
down, and I cast Evac.
  Move back in, rez, med, buff, med; the party wants to try again, the
exact 
same way - they aren't yet convinced Pacify is useless. I voice my
concerns 
this time, suggesting a different strategy - maybe we can take down two
of
the guards before evac, then the next two, leaving the target alone?
They
are too set on making the old strategy work, and try it again. Sure
enough, 
the whole room comes again. This time I focus on one of the cloaked and 
hooded guys, and make sure he's good and dead - in spite of getting
heals 
from somewhere - before trying to evac. Opps, oom, two mambers down, 
others going fast, RLH: Run Like Hell. I barely make it out into LFay,
the 
only survivor.
  Everyone makes their way back. Loot, buff, med; rez later, we have
only 
six minutes left and NOW everyone is convinced Pacify dosen't work here.
Maybe Root? Hmmm. A short-term solution, Root dosen't last long under
the
best of circumstances, but here we have few options. If the Roots hold,
we 
only have to deal with Lunomi and her pet, but we have only a minute
tops 
in which to do it. But it seems to be more workable than the last plan.
I
go with it.
  Cleric, druid, and I all fire off Roots at the same time; two fo them
stick, and 
then it's fast-action time again. I ignore the pet and the add we
couldn't
root, and focus on Lunomi. Nuke one away - 15% health whacked off. Nuke
two - interrupted, the add is beating on me, Steelskin has ablated away,
Ada's 
taking damage. But I've been in too many melee situations to panic at a
little pain. Nuke three - resisted! Everyone else is taking their toll,
whacking 
away with whatever they've got - swords, nukes, dots. Nuke four away - 
whack! Another 15% down. Nuke five - resisted. Lunomi's health is down 
near 10% now. I am no longer being beaten on, but everyone's health is
low.
Nuke six - away, with Lunomi down to 7%. TRA-la-la-LA-laLAAAAA!!!!!!
YOUR ADVENTURE WAS A SUCCESS! You have slain Lunomi the 
Legendary! You gain party experience! You have earned 4 adventure
points.
  As often happens, wizzy gets the killshot. Evac, then rezzes. Looks
like assassinations are indeed tough, but if you know what you're doing,
not all THAT tough.
  Our druid had to leave, but the rest of us stayed for another
adventure,
a regular collect; this time most of the mobs were light blue to me. Our
SK's wife logged on her shammy to replace the druid, and we breezed
through.
It will be a long time before Ada can earn adventure points as fast as
Rabotev 
can, but now I don't have to refuse assassinations automatically.

  Eric Hawman

  On Tholuxe Paells:
  Adastraea Starwind, Wizard of Erollisi Marr, 40th Season as of this
writing


