From -6370258827227122164
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5bd9e435ca491b96,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!f14g2000cwb.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Caster's Realm: Loral's Guide to Roleplaying
Date: 2 Feb 2005 07:05:00 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 131
Message-ID: <1107356700.596456.247480@f14g2000cwb.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.80.55.73
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1107356705 15813 127.0.0.1 (2 Feb 2005 15:05:05 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 2 Feb 2005 15:05:05 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: f14g2000cwb.googlegroups.com; posting-host=192.80.55.73;
   posting-account=WDcinhMAAADcvkKBmXXfehYblo0NN7Cr_KfkHiVTV22R7IgxdvF6Yg
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:31436

Everquest is a vast stage.  It is a game unlike any traditional
single-player games we play.  We might have moments in games like
Baldur's Gate, Final Fantasy, or Knights of the Old Republic when we
actually feel like our character.  Perhaps, if our imagination is good
enough, we can actually go deeper than the character we play. There is
little reward for roleplaying in single-player games, however.  No one
else is there to appreciate it.  It may get us deeper into a game just
as digging into a character gets us deeper into a book or movie, but
the lack of any interaction on the other side removes a lot of the fun.

Everquest is different.  Now, when you find willing participants,
roleplaying becomes its own dynamic storyline.  To some, roleplaying is
the breath of life in a game built from polygons, texture maps, and
particle effects.  Each of us is a character with our background,
motivations, dialect.  We are each one thread in a huge rope of epic
adventure.  We don't know where the story will end up.  We don't know
what the others are going to do.  The stories build themselves around
us often greater than the sum of their parts.

What does one need to do to roleplay?  How can we break that social
barrier that tells us that playing make-believe is for kiddies?  Lets
look at a few steps:

1.  Get over yourself.  You're playing Everquest at midnight on Friday
night.  You're already not cool.  Get over the idea that you're playing
with a bunch of dorks and accept that you enjoy what you enjoy and
might enjoy it more if you dig into it.  If you really don't want to
roleplay because it's not fun, thats a fine decision to make, but some
people who might enjoy it give it up because they got beat up in junior
high school for doing something similar.  Professional actors do this
all the time and they get to marry (and divorce) Jennifer Andison.
Forget about how dorky your high school friends might think it is and
just enjoy it.  You might be surprised.  Typing out lines of
in-character dialog won't turn you into the D&D guys from Reno 911.

2.  Build your character.  There are three basic steps to character
creation I like to use for quick and simple characters.

First, pick a character in a book or movie and use it as your
character's archetype.  It doesn't matter if its Clint Eastwood in The
Good, the Bad, and the Ugly or Woody Alan in Annie Hall.  If the
character fits, steal it.  Using this archetype helps you fill in your
character's gaps.  It helps you to react as your archetype would react
when faced with a situation you haven't prepared for.  Over time, this
archetype will fade and what remains may be much different from the
original.

Second, write a brief history.  Where does your character come from?
What did they do previously?  How did they get where they currently
are?  With new characters, it's best not to overdo this step.  No more
'orphaned by orcs' or 'left by mysterious forces in a glade near the
elven city'.  We're not all the main character; we're one of thousands
of other characters, each just as important as we are.  Pick a simple
background but one that helps define your context for future
encounters.

Three, write out your character's motivation.  What does he or she
want?  Are you an adventurer or a greedy thief?  Are you a spy for
Neriak or the Sword of Mithanial Marr?  What motivates you?  Again,
don't get too hardened to this, it will probably change as you play,
but keep it flexible enough that it fits the type of game you want to
play.

Those three steps help you build a quick character.  They give you
enough fuel to begin to roleplay but the more you roleplay, the more
these will fade into the background and your true unique character will
shine.

3.  Roleplay with hotkeys.  Hotkeys and macros are an extremely easy
way to roleplay without having to type reams of dialog.  Pick ten
traits about your character, ten typical reactions to common
circumstances, and add them to a bank of macros.  Hit these macros as
often as the situation presents itself.  Here are some examples:

/me opens a great tome of lore and begins to read.
/me wipes streams of bright red blood off of his notched sword.
/me looks over the landscape ahead with wanderlust in her eyes.
/me cowers behind %T to escape the horrors ahead.
/me feels a great darkness closing in.
/me roars to Crom before attacking with furious might.
/me wiggles her fingers in preparation for a devastating spell.
/me feels her hands grow hot from the internal elemental flames.
/me keeps an arrow knocked and a keen eye seeking new prey.

These emotes are easy to set up and easy to use.  They help build
little bits of your character in the minds of others and often begin as
an interaction between players.  Some jokers may decide to play off of
them with wacky puns, but just keep rolling with them and enjoy what
they create.

4.  Roleplay, and others will roleplay around you.  While not so much a
rule, it is one good reason to roleplay.  Many people, once you fall
into character, will see ways they too can fall into theirs.  They may
not even realize they are roleplaying, instead simply working along the
story.  For many, simply showing them that roleplaying is acceptable
is enough to get them to at least give it a try.

5.  Don't become a roleplay critic.  The whole name of the game is fun.
If someone breaks character, let them.  Don't be too hard about when
you're roleplaying and when you're not.  Don't yell at people or
criticize them for breaking character.  Enjoy it while it happens and
don't fret if it falls away.  Each of us roleplays as much or as little
as we choose.  There are no strict rules we have to follow or
punishments for breaking character.

6.  Try roleplaying through obvious out-of-game situations.  For a fun
exercise, try roleplaying through events that obviously broke
character.  Did the server just crash? Perhaps a great ethereal wind
just swept through the lands sending everyone into unconsciousness.
Did a mob just despawn while you were fighting it?  Perhaps rifts in
the timelines created a paradox or the Gods, unhappy with your actions,
removed the beast themselves.  Back in the 80s, Marvel comics ran a
contest called the 'no-prize'.  If you found an obvious error in one of
their comics, you sent in a description of the error but then a reason
that the error wasn't actually an error at all.  If yours was good
enough, you received a book of hundreds of Marvel's previous errors.

Roleplaying isn't for everyone.  Some people just want a chat room
wrapped around a fantasy game.  They don't care if the world lives or
breathes as long as they are challenged and enjoy the gameplay.  For
others, however, roleplaying adds a whole new layer to the game-world
we play in.  Finding another roleplayer and having a truly entertaining
roleplay session is often more fun than earning a bit of loot or
raising a level.  It is a whole internal dimension to play and massive
online games are the perfect place to play it without getting an atomic
wedgie.

Loral Ciriclight
loral@loralciriclight.com
14 January 2005



