From -4433702243001846715
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f92b55307fde116f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-23 12:01:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!uni-berlin.de!158.36.150.247!not-for-mail
From: Celaeno <celaeno@choklit.nospam.org>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: ...marked lack of roleplaying....
Date: Thu, 23 Oct 2003 21:02:01 +0200
Organization: Art lover
Lines: 89
Message-ID: <th6gpv4jq64te67fr2kg95829fa03ost5g@4ax.com>
References: <7cf28864.0310220851.932b929@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 158.36.150.247
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Trace: news.uni-berlin.de 1066935700 32103194 158.36.150.247 (16 [157819])
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.93/32.576 English (American)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:4094

You will not evade me, you_will_not_evade_me_spammer@yahoo.com
(fooboy):

>So how do you roleplay?

How to differentiate all these druids? :)

Celaeno Duskwalker (wood elf druid) is 'me'. She is into languages,
tradeskills, and such. It bothers her that the dragons currently don't
like her, she is very reluctant to harm the Coldain, and she'll taunt
anyone raiding in PoG with cries of "murderer!". She is usually
reasonably level headed, but does get the occasional obsession. 

Siocled (wood elf druid) stalks monks, delights in wearing gnome skin
and wielding claws, associates herself with the unkempt druids, has no
qualms about animals and would test her skills on Tunare herself if
ever given the chance. She's a maenad type, pretty wild (feral).

Briar (half elf druid) is the offspring of a wood elf druid and a
human paladin of Karana. Being raised in Kelethin by her mother, she
worships Tunare, but from the occasional visits by her roving father,
she learned to love combat. Her initial desire was to be a paladin,
but when she went to Felwithe, all the high elves seemed to be looking
down on her, and they belittled the affinity with nature she'd
developed during her youth. She decided she wanted nothing to do with
that snooty, sanctimonious bunch, and sought out the druid trainers.
She loves her lifestyle, culling animals when needed and thwarting
evil on a general basis, but she hasn't forgotten her love of combat -
she fights her adversaries with weapons much more often than the
average druid, and she actively seeks out chain and chitin armors
rather than the traditional leathers. 

Thorn (human druid) isn't developed yet. She'd be another 'me'. I want
her to mostly use staves and wear robes.

Droplet (halfling druid) loves water and everything associated with
it. She is rather quiet for a halfling and slightly scatterbrained.

Yeah, I have some non druid alts too:

Tarazed Duskwalker (wood elf warrior) is Celaeno's sister and has a
history of struggling with faith. She thought the worship of Rallos
Zek too bloody for her tastes, and spent a while in her youth
worshiping Karana. Then, she realized that she didn't want to dedicate
her fights to even the god of chaotic nature, but that she loved
fights for the sake of fighting alone, and became agnostic. She wears
dark armor and carries many weapons, always seeking out elegant
designs over those that look like can openers or kitchen utensils.

Zavijah Iceheart (dark elf SK) is a coldhearted, cynical bitch. In her
youth she ate only chunks of raw meat, till she decided it was too
stereotypically 'evil' and also not very palatable, and became a
gourmet instead. She is a practical, calculating person with a taste
for figure-flattering armors - she is fully aware of how she looks and
is not above utilizing it to coax favors from drooling males (she harm
touches any that suggest table dancing or such, of course)

Risha (gnome magician) wandered into the Feydark forest as a child,
and fell in love. She considers Kelethin her adopted home town. She is
a happy, bouncy person and is genuinely hurt whenever something tries
to kill her, upon which she'll either run away crying or attack with a
surprising ferocity, stemming from her insulted feelings. She favors
her water pet over the others, and loves changing clothes, having at
least half a dozen different dresses and outfits.

Adhara (high elf cleric) believes herself to be superior to most of
those she runs into. In fact, she prefers to not hunt with them; while
she is young, she prefers honing her hunting skills rather than
wasting her healing skills on inept younglings.

Porrima (halfling paladin) is a holy warrior of Karana. She feels that
most of the paladin order is staffage, and only rarely bothers to do
favors for any of them. She is questing for Soulfire, mostly because a
flaming sword would be fun to wave around and also useful to warm pies
and other morsels on. Her armor is unmatched, her bags full of
clutter, but she always has plenty food and plenty spirit to fight
with during her travels. She walks the land barefoot, and does not
want a horse.


As for HOW I roleplay... they all talk normally. Risha will sound
happier (she'll say wheee! and mean it, and jump up on any merchant's
table), Adhara more aloof, Zavijah more of a bitch goddess, Tarazed
slightly bloodthirsty, Siocled is a bit feral. The rest are harder to
sum up in one word, but they're all slightly different facets of me.


Elder Celaeno Duskwalker
Storm Warden of Erollisi Marr


