From -8860523824627860453
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4848e160c83b5dc3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ngpeer.news.aol.com!audrey-m2.news.aol.com!not-for-mail
Lines: 40
X-Admin: news@aol.com
From: prelgor@aol.comospamnay (Prelgor)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Date: 11 Aug 2004 15:49:24 GMT
Organization: AOL http://www.aol.com
Subject: Beastlord Aggro
Message-ID: <20040811114924.16860.00001919@mb-m20.aol.com>
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13005


Hello!  I play a 43 troll beastlord, and I had a few LDON runs recently where I
drew aggro several times.  On one run, we had a Paladin, Druid, Beastlord (me)
and 2 Wizards.  I occasionally drew aggro from the Paladin, although he was
quite good about getting it back.  On the next night, we had a Cleric, Paladin
(same one), Shadowknight, Ranger, Beastlord (me) and Enchanter.  

On the first run, I thought getting aggro was a good thing.  It drove up the
hate counters, so once the pally got it back, it should have been that much
harder for the wizards to grab it.  The pally was very good about taking aggro
back, but the wizards still got smacked around from time to time.  No one died,
for what that's worth.  

On the second run, the cleric complained about me drawing aggro.  Always listen
to the cleric...  The SK was tanking and presumably was taking less damage in
her plate than I was in leather.  As a result, I nuked later in the fight and
switched to a lower level DoT (I still hoped for a Conjuration skillup) and
tried to avoid aggro when I could.  In this group, there was no one who seemed
to need protecting, so tank-mez generally wasn't necessary.  

Basically, should I ever be trying to draw aggro?  I'll try to draw a mob off
the cleric, but generally not off the enchanter (don't break mez!).  I'd been
figuring that my AC was at least OK, and I've got troll regen, so I can take
the occasional hit.  Is it reasonable to try to ping-pong aggro with the MT to
keep more fragile groupmates safe, or is that not such a good idea?  My
rationalization relies heavily on the assumption that my DPS outstrips the
tank's DPS, but he can leapfrog over me with Taunt.  If MT aggro generation is
mostly from additive +hate effects (stun, hate proc, etc.) then I have to
abandon this whole idea, since I'm just making him work harder, not
"powerleveling" his hate total.  I also assume that my DPS (excluding pet) >
tank DPS, which is what makes this even an issue.  

I solo a fair amount also, and I'm starting to see my tank-ability go down. 
I've been clearing Gunthak beach without much trouble, but blue-con mobs in
Grimling Forest really tore me up pretty badly.  Are my days of tanking xp mobs
drawing to a close?  

- Prelgor




