From 7619133575028350239
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f2ab0f2b379b78c4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-05 06:33:12 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: The Best Laid Plans
Date: Tue, 05 Jun 2001 09:31:30 -0400
Organization: Cheesy Goodness
Message-ID: <3B1CDF32.ACF48DCE@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 42
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:81768

Having reached the dreaded hell level 35 in OT, I wanted a break before
settling into the grinding xp mode to try to get through. I had
accumulated a number of items in my travels, some of which I wanted to
give to my partner or some guildmates, and others I thought I would try
to sell off for some extra plat.
  However, after meeting my friend the cleric in High Keep, we ran back
to the commons and came upon an idea............
   Rather than sitting for tedious hours in E. Commons trying in vain to
sell some pretty worthless crap that mostly wouldn't bring in too much
plat, (I'm talking tree flayers, hammers of flattening, lumberjack caps,
some of the shields that drop off the giant heart spider in UGuk, and
giant foreman's tunics) we decided to go into West Freeport and hold our
own impromptu "newbie event" to show some good will from our respective
guilds, and just have some no-stress, no-death fun.
  We went and positioned ourselves by the wall a little ways away from
the guards, and did a /who to find out who the true newbies were in the
zone, as opposed to ubertwinks.  We quickly rounded up some level five
and under players, mage, bard, warrior, couple others, and asked them if
they would like to duel each other "for honor, glory, and possible
prizes"!?
  They almost all began roleplaying admirably, and there were several
battles. I didn't have much in the way of useful items for the casters
so I gave them ten or fifteen plat (whether they wound up winning or
losing... he he) telling them "this should help to buy your spells."
The fighter types received the weapons and armor and a little plat.
  We got the inevitable, above level 5, beggar types who didnt' care
about dueling and just kept spamming us with "I need sum stuf too, plz!
I need sum plat!" but they were easily /ignored.  Particularly the one
who started shouting the zone, "Are there any NICE high levels here who
can give me some plat plz????"  This brought an amusing response from
several others saying, essentially, "Is there some reason you can't go
earn it?"
  Anyway, it was a most pleasurable evening, even if I didn't get one
experienc point from it and blew through a bunch of cash.  I reccomend
it to all as a soul healing environment.
--
Jakys Lv'Tyrr, the Mad Monk of Qeynos
Monk of 25 Seasons, Silent Fist
a.k.a.
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 35 Campaigns




