From -5589916090262496251
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cf238883c4543ee5
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-15 06:20:22 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Crash86" <crash86_eq@Shotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: A Few Comments on EQ and the newsgroup
Date: Wed, 15 Aug 2001 08:20:29 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <tnktolec0f3idc@corp.supernews.com>
References: <d402ae3f.0108141349.4d66704e@posting.google.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 95
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:107417

"Harold Jenkins" wrote:
> Hello all, 38 yr. old, former D&D player here.

Welcome!  Your stats and mine are identical.  That's one of the things I
like about
this game ... lots of old fogies like me running around.  The average age
(or at least
the average *perceived* aged) took a bit of a dip there for a while when
Verant
release the 10 buck box, but by and large a lot of the folks I bump into are
1st Edition
D&Ders.

> EQ reminds me of the days spent in the
> college dormatory playing D&D, except now it is played on the computer
> screen.

Somewhat, though I spent my time DMing rather than adventuring.  That's what
I miss about it, and why I'm hoping that NVN gets released before I have
grandkids.


> On the matter of the name reporting, I feel that if a violation had
> occurred, then a report of it was in-line with rules of the game and
> have no problem agreeing with the person who reported it.  However,
> being Devil's Advocate, I also feel that reporting only one name and
> not reporting ALL names that violate this policy is a bit selective
> and unwarranted.

I've never actually reported a name (or a KSer) myself, but to be fair I
would probably
actually report only the vulgar or 'shock value' names and I haven't seen
any in my six to
eight months online that are as bad as the ones you listed.

> As to the newsgroup itself, I find most of the material informative
> and have used much of it already in playing the game.

This ng is a treasure trove of great information.

> The only
> problem I see with the group is a complete lack of tolerance to any
> opposing views on any subject.

Not really opposing views, as much as opposing views when presented purely
for
the purpose of trolling.  If a new poster presents their case like an adult,
they will be
engaged as an adult.  Conversely, if they present their case as a spoiled
child, they will
get ripped.  Deservedly so, IMO.

> In reading the posts, I see that there
> is a core of posters who seem to control the group and when a new
> person offers an opposing view, they are immediately flamed out as a
> dork, child (Which some of them probably are), or are accused of being
> the same person.

The core posters have never to my recollection claimed to control the ng.
They are also the one with the most depth of knowledge of things in-game.

Unfortunately, there is a history here of people behaving in just that way
... changing
email addys to circumvent killfiles or adding a Google account so that they
can agree
with themselves.  I, too, have been posting to Usenet since before the
Diablo crowd's
main job was turning clean diapers into dirtyt ones, and I have always
posted a message
when PLONKing someone so that the individual knows not to expect a reply
from you
in the future.  That was consider polite, and good etiquette back in the
days.  Sadly, some
folks take that as a challenge.

>  I realize, of course, that this explodes into a
> name-calling thread such as the "names" thread

By and large, when you get about four or five deep in a thread around here,
it's
lost it's original purpose and intent.

> Hopefully as a new poster, you could grant me some slack and not flame
> me to horribly on my first post to the group.

I don't think that'll be an issue, as you posted intelligently from the
get-go.  I'm slow to
KF someone, but quick to ignore a thread if it's a blatant attempt to troll.

And now, for something completely different .... a question for you.  What
server are you on? :)

Crash




