From -1643547127425167016
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e4bcfb7296ed8798,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-19 06:03:20 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!peer01.cox.net!cox.net!news-out.visi.com!petbe.visi.com!feed.news.qwest.net!news.uswest.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: More on melee changes
From: Sean Kennedy <x@n.n>
User-Agent: Xnews/5.04.25
Lines: 101
Message-ID: <GKKub.114$5h1.8884@news.uswest.net>
Date: Wed, 19 Nov 2003 14:03:18 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.161.87.18
X-Trace: news.uswest.net 1069250598 216.161.87.18 (Wed, 19 Nov 2003 08:03:18 CST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 19 Nov 2003 08:03:18 CST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:8165

http://eqlive.station.sony.com/community/dev_view.jsp?id=59510

<quote>

EverQuest Chat on November 24th at 6:00pm - 7:00pm pacific time. 

Melee System Enhancements!

You've been asking for them and now we're ready to discuss them. We're 
taking a big departure from what many of you are used to when it comes to 
combat. With that in mind, here is a brief summary of these exciting 
enhancements to better help you target your questions to us during the live 
chat. Don't worry if you miss the chat, we'll post the logs on 
EverQuestLive.com 


Increase the contributions melee classes provide in a group setting 
Address the current deficit between the pure melee classes and other 
classes 

Add more depth and potential for skilled play to melee combat 
Provide a system that encourages attentiveness and decision-making skills, 
without focusing heavily on twitch gameplay

Take advantage of an opponent's weakness. See an opening, strike home for 
the kill! 

Monks, Rogues and Warriors will gain the ability to recognize certain 
weaknesses in an opponent's defense. These "Openings" will be a variety of 
types and can occur based on several different situations during combat. Be 
quick though, an opening will not present itself for long. Strike quick 
with a new combat skill once your character recognizes an opening. These 
new combat skills are being designed just for this combat system revision. 
Using and maintaining these skills expends the character's Endurance (a new 
statistic, calculated from the character's basic stats). 


Here's a combat example:

A warrior is serving as the tank for his group, standing in front of a 
goblin. While battling the goblin, the warrior makes an exceptional parry 
and is presented with an opening. An indicator appears with the "opening 
icon" and the word "Parry" next to it (this information also appears in the 
chat window). 

Now is his opportunity to strike back after the exceptional parry! Only 
certain combat skills can be used to react to a parry opening. Other types 
of openings will allow the use of other skills. Some skills may be usable 
in response to more than one type of opening. Also, your position in 
relation to the target can change the effectiveness of certain skills. 

In this case, our warrior knows that he can use one of three combat skills, 
each having some merit. One might stun the target, one might increase the 
hate generated by the warrior for a few rounds, and one might make it 
easier for everyone to hit the NPC. 

In this case, our warrior elects to try to stun the goblin. He presses the 
appropriate button and luck smiles upon him as he successfully executes the 
strike, leaving the goblin standing dumbly for a combat round. 

Increasing Your Endurance and Learning New Skills 

Increase Endurance by increasing attributes or by acquiring special items 
that directly increase your Endurance pool 

Find tomes or instructions manuals and take them to specific trainers to 
learn new skills 

Choose your skills from skill categories (such as Tactical) containing 
skills focused to a purpose 

Most openings are available only to a single character, but some are 
available to all nearby characters 

Disciplines will be transferred to this new system 

Existing Discipline timers will be reviewed, and several will probably be 
set to their own timer 

Disciplines will require an Endurance cost 

Hybrids will receive a limited Endurance pool for their disciplines

There will be other changes as well. Keep your eyes on the Test server and 
our update messages for more details as we move forward. 

This new system is much more flexible than the existing disciplines. It 
will be relatively easy to add new combat skills, as well as new skills 
that are not limited to openings. This system creates the possibility for 
tremendous enhancement in the future, allowing groups a large number of 
options when it comes to melee combat. 

Talk to you in the Live Chat! 

Alan 

</quote>
-- 
Arch Convoker Mairelon Snapbang of Lanys T'vyl

http://www.magelo.com/eq_view_profile.html?num=701866


