From 3246090461549326195
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d7b70ab0f5960665,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-12 13:34:12 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!feed.textport.net!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-03!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "killem" <jmah@newsrep.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Bizbee, come and get some you fat fuck:
Date: Wed, 12 Sep 2001 15:36:04 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <tpvhm3nmqsmcee@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 82
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:117432

bizbee whens the last time you got laid?

you sit in this newsgroup and act like you are some EQ POSTING god but you
are afraid to look at yourself and realize what a fat tub of worthless shit
you are

you think you are some god of gaming give me break, cause why, you beta
tested UO?

ha ha you are such a simple clod you lame ass jackass

and your mom still owes me from last night you sorry piece of shit

do you really think that your little funny quips and stupid comments make
you so SUPERIOR to anyone on this newsgroup?

Lets take a look at the POMPOUS ASS that is called BIZBEE shall we?

1) loser dead en job

2) fat, cant find women

3) thick glasses, uses this newsgroup to feel important and like he has
managed to accomplish something in life

Bizbee is a simple fool who trolls this newsgroup never admitting he is
wrong and spitting his opinions out like anyone else.

looks like someone is gonna have to knock bastard down. Oh and bizbee, dont
worry, i'll lube your ass like you like it when you use your mom's dildos
when your computer goes down or its patch day

lets look at how UNPARTIAL and nuetral the great BIZBEE is, and how he likes
to rape others intelligence:

bizbee comments to US on the NG:

"See... and you even apologized. The guy is a complete idiot, hovering
over his computer, trolling and playing with himself."

"...it's a real surprise this idiot is one of about five people in my
killfile.... I'd say, offhand, he's never read <any> of my posts if he
thinks I'm a VAK."

"nah... I'm sure someone will remember though. Some guy came here
talking about what an ass kicking game it was going to be, there were
some screenshots up on their website... I signed up for the beta for
laughs, got like two emails from them and never heard anything from
them again."

"Also, you can most likely bet your ass the account was cancelled. Try
keeping things in perspective <a bit>. Maybe this incident will knock
a bit of the arrogance out of these people regarding account security.
They aren't really bad people, you just have to kick them in the balls
to get their attention."

again bizbee, so tough behind your keyboard, wow you are so cooooooooooool

"How about other hoaxes, like EQ is free now? Rumors of equipment that
doesn't exist, complete with screenshots?

As a matter of fact, we've seen more hoaxes than things like you're
suggesting... they didn't remove xp penalties per se, they just
arranged it so it was more fair... skill levels in numbers don't
appear until you're over 100... and I don't recall anyone saying that
players would never be moved between servers, but I do remember that
it was something they said a long time ago may be considered.
You can't base anything on that shit."

not a hoax fatass, the horses are real you dumbfuck

oh and bizbee, before your liberal, peace loving flower necklace wearing
democratic voting for Gore ass comes back on this one, just remember: i will
always be here you sorry ass fuckface, in one name or another, aint nothing
you can do about it.


Have fun :)






