From 5961232589554721238
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4ee3b60c3f7cc54b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-09 07:01:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "AC" <nobody@me.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales from a new newbie
Date: Sun, 9 Sep 2001 09:57:35 -0400
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <tpmti5m8vj2l7d@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 70
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:116251

Experiences and Opinions so far...

Tralfahgador the Druid Halfling entered the world around a week ago.

binding, traveling, corpse recovery, 140 plyrs in east commons, help in free
port,
maps from eqaltlas, spell description in planeteverquest, allakhazam site,
hitting npcs by accident. free food in misty. misty's reputation. Kilt in
Neriak and the West Commons

Wont bore you with too many details but some things I'd like to mention:


For a long time ( a week) Tralfahgador has been hanging around Riverdale,
blunting baddies in Misty Thicket, until he's level 7. A spell he highly
recommends is Camoflague, and a good skill is fishing.

A few days ago,(level 6) he began a trip to Freeport, a place he'd heard
about and wondered about, and after running along the walls in broad
daylight in Kithicor, he made it to the relative saftey of West Commonlands.
From there, it was a long camo-run through West and East til he found the
Lut Gholein of Norrath. But he couldn't find anyone to bind him there so he
Gated himself back to home. Felt good to be home again after that trip.
Besides, Freeport was so big it was not entirely interesting or pleasant to
navigate. And everyone was so darn big there too...

But the trip there was fun. Then Tral kilt some more baddies in misty
thicket and got  that wandering urge again.

Daring the trip through Kithicor, he ran back to Freeport and actually got
bound without difficutly. Yes! It felt like quite an achievement. Determined
to level up a bit and travel some more, he went back to East Commons.
However, he found that there are always over a hundred players there!!  That
means soloing is not an option, I'd have to party and
go for harder stuff, or solo elsewhere.

Watched sunrises, sunsets, wandered and had fun. Finally decided to visit
the city of Neriak. It must be very different up there! Because I was going
through unknown territory, I traveled in Camo all the way, up until the end
when approaching the city, a guard saw me and killed me on sight!

Back at Freeport, the generous ppl there game me summoned food and a staff
and SOW and I ran back and got the body. It's allway fun (Fun??) to recover
a corpse. Finding it, making sure it's safe, and looting it. That's all kind
of breathless and tense and fun.

So I then decided to go back to Riverdale and level in the comforts of misty
thicket. I knew that area and there were no suprises and FAR fewer ppl. I
journey west and got to the western edge of West Commonlands and went into
an Inn and Camped because it was getting near dark and I knew Kithicor would
be worse then.

Hours of real time later, I woke up in the Inn and was immediately killed by
a skellington who could see and walk through walls and oh yes, it was still
nighttime.

Back at Freeport, another corpse-run to be done...sigh. That was a bit
annoying cuz I never saw it coming or had a chance. But I got the body and
gated to Freeport.

Next, I am heading back to Riverdale one morning and will try to get bound
there so I can go kill the old reliable misty thicket monsters. Big goal:
get Bind Affinity for myself!!









