From -8823296914276288664
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d358a0383a23e86
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 20 Dec 2004 07:01:36 -0600
Date: Mon, 20 Dec 2004 08:01:36 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: A day in AO
References: <GoOdnVE3IK435FncRVn-iw@dejazzd.com> <1n79s0h2cbt3a98evj86q4v6svje04c0pv@4ax.com> <Ma6dnRac26NjIVncRVn-sA@dejazzd.com> <qb2dnarNI972eVncRVn-hQ@dejazzd.com> <-pKdnazQVKMnEVjcRVn-uQ@dejazzd.com> <skabs055r959ubl21a85qfqjum157bbrbp@4ax.com> <EL-dndNEErzUIFjcRVn-jw@dejazzd.com> <3agbs09nsf2ktrttd5d0tuq79r4pggtg5s@4ax.com> <6dydnduJ--PwaVjcRVn-hg@dejazzd.com> <0rKdnViEid6RrVvcRVn-3Q@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <0rKdnViEid6RrVvcRVn-3Q@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <A8mdnUTrc9usUFvcRVn-pw@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 137
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.129
X-Trace: sv3-yDKk7N+uJmEL3i40IGUU7mo4fL0DIcYYYokzdE6Woaa9WxQyuO0ebpZ8IW6HKtTASKnc/ehv+7dI0lT!GOI1QUrA0XS3HWGli9osZfbz8AzpS7UIMC75QOSJdGTBGpN5oNDpdsV+z2q7sJj9LthwGKSq56i0
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:27321



Lance Berg wrote:


> Reward I'd want: I found one with a nano crystal for Group Heal; this is 
> a nano ability that heals everyone in my group, and heals for more than 
> my starting nano.  This sort of thing is much more important than a 
> marginally better gun, and much much more important than a gun or piece 
> of armor or something thats useful to some other class.

I started yet another character last night, having done a little 
research, and wanting to explore the newbie island a bit more, plus try 
out another class.

This time I went with a Solitus Doctor, female, in honor of my first EQ 
cleric, a female high elf.  Couldn't name her Praise like the original, 
that was taken, and I'm afraid I let my son talk me into something I 
picked as a joke, a joke I think not many will get: Andymedics.  Its 
against the EULA anyway, maybe it will get banned!

Doctors start out with a single target heal, like Adventurers, but also 
with a single target DOT.  They start out with one solar powered pistol, 
instead of the two that adventurers start with, and of course their 
weapons skills are blue, so its much harder for them to be good with the 
things.

Even so, it wasn't all that hard to solo stuff, it helped that this time 
around I knew it was quite possible to use nano healing on myself mid 
combat, I've never seen a nano interrupted, so its just a question of 
time off from shooting back.  And my adventurer's trick, where you 
target the mob and start the fight, then switch to yourself as current 
target, worked great; whenever I needed a heal, the nanos worked on me, 
but after I immediately went back to fighting my "fighting target".  In 
order to actually switch targets you have to stop combat and restart, 
which will be interesting for Main Tank types.

What was I back on Newbie Island to check out?  Well, several things, 
first off, the first quest guy, Brandon, actually gives you items for 
doing his quests, I'd missed that on my original guy, since they aren't 
announced, I thought I'd just looted them or something.  He gives you a 
light, which will go in a Utility slot on your back, and a nano belt, 
which you can wear on your waist to get a couple extra NCU slots or 
something.  My other characters skipped over his rather tedious dialog 
and went straight to quest 3 which gives you some first aid kits, which 
can be handy.

Then I went up and did the medic's Scanner quest, not once like my other 
characters, but twice, and I went over and joined the clan.  Her quest 
doesnt' involve combat (unless you get jumped by a rollerrat), and 
yeilds a very nice shoulder item, you have to be Clan to wear it.  I'd 
noticed that the Unicom Commander and her each give a shoulder, but you 
can't wear both because they require opposite affiliations; turns out, 
though, that they aren't Unique, so you can get two from either.  Since 
I went clan, I was able to get both these while still level one.

Found another interesting thing; the OOC channels are segregated.  My 
other clan character was on a different server, and I thought that the 
place was relatively deserted.  Funny thing, so was this server, in the 
evening on a weekend.  Not.  I was in the Clan OOC server instead of the 
Omni OOC server, and it seems Omni is a much more popular choice.

So, the next thing I wanted to check out was simple enough; I went out 
and worked some to build a cash reserve, then bought a solar powered 
adventurer's pistol off the vendor.  The pistol I was issued is right 
hand only... the adventurer's version, which my adventurer got a pair 
of, is right hand/left hand.  Yep, I could put this new one in my left 
hand and dual weild just fine, only needed a 6 skill in multi.

Went out and earned a bunch more credits, worked my way up to 3rd level, 
then I checked out interesting thing number 3; there's a vendor box I 
completely missed every other time I was here.  It sells package deals 
with several nano crystals inside, one set for each profession.  Bought 
one, used it, and got 5 or 6 crystals... only one of which I could get 
my skills high enough to use; a bigger direct heal.  The rest were a 
pain, taking up lots of very valuable (no backpack or bank on newbie 
island) inventory space.  Leveled up to 4, at which point I was able to 
use another, a second DOT.  Sadly, by now I was focussed on droids to 
get some drops, and they don't seem to work on mechanicals.

Why the droids?  Well, somethign I'd seen but not pursued was that the 
vendor offers a kit to upgrade weapons with.  The kit costs 540 cr or 
so, and then you can turn all those "trash drops" into upgrades, each 
consumes a kit, though, so its somewhat expensive.  Killed Cargo Droids 
till a Power Supply dropped, combined with a kit to make an Adapted 
Power Supply, then combined that with my Adventurer's Pistol to make an 
Electrical Surge pistol, which has a higher damage output but still 
doesn't need ammo.  It also has a higher multi requirement to dual 
weild, but only 15, easy to reach.

Kept killing cargo droids till I got a second drop, turned that into 
another supply... which I applied to my original starting pistol, upping 
its damage output similarly.

Different weapons require different drops, and apparantly almost every 
one of the drops that vendors for 10 credits can be used for one thing 
or another, some for more than one.  Since, like my Adventurer's Pistol, 
the basic weapons can be bought on the island, its possible for anyone 
to make any of the stuff... again, if there was a functioning market, 
this could be a decent way to earn a few credits from people who didn't 
bother with the quests, as there is no way back onto the island once you 
leave.

The most important thing I learned, though, is that nano vendor.  Nano 
crystals are expensive, hard to come by, difficult to get missions for; 
I missed a LOT for my adventurer by not buying one of those packs.

Lets see, what else; oh, I also helped form an organization; the AO 
equivalent of a guild.  You need 6 people, in a team, all same faction, 
then the leader can do something or other, and instantly the guild is 
formed with whatever name he picks.  This gives you the organization 
name under your own on your tag, and a special chat channel for your org 
only.  Thats all I know about that at this time, other than that it 
would be fun to form an A.G.E org of our own.

Hmm, other side note, gear and looks.  You can see just about every 
piece you wear in this game, Barring implants and a few odds and ends 
like that.  Many of them, however, have a distinctly feminine look to 
them; dressed solely on the best stats, my adventurer was running around 
in hot red short shorts with sparkly red fishnet stockings.  Well, that 
particular item doesn't look much better on a female, but none of the 
items look particularly bad on a female, while many do give a huge Eddie 
Izzard impression on a male (you know, running around with guns, 
climbing trees, putting on makeup while you're up there).  It got bad 
enought that I actually ended up using less effective pants because I 
just couldnt' take running around tarted up like that!

On the other hand, my solitus female puts EQ wood elves to shame in the 
Yabo department, and thats in combat gear.  My adventurer found a shop 
in Rome which sells clothing with no stats, just appearances, and there 
are bikinis in there that wouldn't be out of place in the Sports 
Illustrated swimwear issue.  While there's some vanity wear in EQ, its 
nothing like AO.  I haven't tried any, most is expensive and I'm not 
really in the game for looks (even though I admittedly junked perfectly 
good stats in order to ditch the streetwalker look) but its certainly there.

Doctor Andymedics, R.E.B.E.L, Atlantean Clans


