From -3047278904481898989
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,afe24ff32bb6f7c4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-17 07:58:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!supernews.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.elcjn1.sdca.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Bat Child (Sue M.)" <batchild1@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Teen accused of planting bombs at high school was EQ player
Organization: Knights of Xemu
Reply-To: batchild1@home.com
Message-ID: <go0cqtgveepuu18dkisc3itj0k0mftvpof@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 116
Date: Mon, 17 Sep 2001 14:58:26 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.177.37.138
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.elcjn1.sdca.home.com 1000738706 24.177.37.138 (Mon, 17 Sep 2001 07:58:26 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 17 Sep 2001 07:58:26 PDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:118535

NOTE:  The charges were dropped for lack of evidence.

From the October 2001 issue of "Spin" magazine:

[article includes picture of Jason Jansky, the kid accused of planting
the bombs, and roommate Ben Franke with the caption, "Gone kwar
huntin':  Jason and his roommate, Ben Franke, playing EverQuest"]


====================

GUILTY OF BEING WEIRD
Columbine launched a million suspects, and their sketches look
strangely similar:  dark clothes, angry music, few friends.  In a
small Texas town, the new kid fit the old description, and after a
high school bomb scare, he went from twerp to alleged terrorist.  If
you thought he was angry before....

By Mark Schone/photographs by Yvonne Venegas

----------------------------------------

Jason and Ben speak their own private language.  They call their stew
of redneck, wigga, and computer-gaming-geek "munchkin," but it's easy
to translate once you know what "kwar" means.

"Look at that faggy kwar!" yelps Jason.  He leans over Ben's shoulder
and jabs his finger at the computer screen, pointing at a character
who looks like a samurai in rubber boots.  "That is unparalleled!"
Ponytailed Ben is tapping away at his Dell, playing an online game
called EverQuest, and wiry, manic Jason is pacing behind him, pitching
in with the insults as he chugs Mountain Dew.  "Kwar" is the faux-hick
spin that the boys give to "queer", and as Ben steers through the
pixeled maze of EverQuest's quasi-medieval world, past ogres and
twitchy green dragons, the word keeps resounding.

"Now THAT nigga is one sexy rogue," says Jason, nodding at a sleek
killer in all-black armor.  Ben agrees, because the rogue is him.  His
avatar looks extra-cool tonight because so many Koreans are online,
role-playing in pidgin English.  They log on half a world away from
Jason and Ben's Texas trailer, and while they know from spells and
hitpoints and kill plenty of dragons, by teenage Texas standards they
dress their avatars funny.

The boys decide to promote cross-cultural understanding.  Ben starts a
conversation with the pseudo-samurai, who now stands center-screen in
his virtual galoshes.  "DUDE," types Ben, "U LOOK SERIOUSLY GAY."
Either the samurai has a sense of humor or his English is extra-gimpy,
because he responds by bowing deeply.  Jason laughs so hard the Dew
comes out his nose.

Ben, 17 and a high school dropout, decided he'd rather live with his
best friend and not work than live with his mom and not work.
Eighteen-year-old Jason, the dominant, Butt-head half of the duo, pays
the bills.  He works eight to five at an office job and then returns
to the bunker with food and supplies.  It's a grad student-style
cyberhermitage, with lost-and-found furniture and a cliche mound of
soda cans and pizza crusts.  There are posters on the paneled walls of
"Dragonball Z", which Jason calls "the most kickass anime ever!"

Outside the trailer is Floresville, Texas, a town of 5,200 in the
ranchlands south of San Antonio, 100 degrees in the shade from June to
Labor Day.  There isn't much to see in Floresville, and the boys have
missed most of it.  They've talked about rigging a camera outside
their door to screen visitors, so they'll never have to get up from
their chairs.  No one can phone them because they're always
EverQuesting, but they've ruled out adding a second line:  "Who's
going to call anyway?" shrugs Jason.  "The only person I want to hear
from is the pizza guy."

Jason Jansky used to have contact with more than one human his own
age.  At the beginning of the 2000 school year, he was the new kid at
a high school in Dilley, an even smaller town an hour west.  Then he
was deposited in the Frio County jail on charges more serious than
goofing on blacks and gays and Koreans.  On October 20, homecoming
Friday, five pipe bombs had been found in the halls of the school.
Teachers had herded the students out onto the baseball-field
bleachers, and as the kids baked in the south-Texas sun and mongered
rumors for six hours, their suspicions, like those of the cops and
teachers, focused quickly on one person:  that new, strange, smug,
annoying, smart boy.  Jason was a goth, they said.  He dressed in a
trenchcoat and camouflage and listened to dark, depressing music--just
like those killers at Columbine.

[snip]

Months after the Dilley hoax, Jansky snickers at the very mention of
the word "goth".  He disappears into the trailer's back bedroom and
dons the "goth" outfit he wore the day the bombs were found.  "Here's
my trenchcoat," he smirks.  He's wearing the black karate gi, which
barely reaches his belt.  "Here's my camouflage," he adds, deadpan.
It's a tie-dyed T-shirt.  "Want to see my imitation of a goth?" he
asks.  He grabs a Japanese sword that Ben bought on eBay, closes his
eyes, and wails, "I want to die!" as he swipes at his wrists with the
sword.

Getting arrested wasn't as funny.  He spent 11 hours in jail with two
sad-sack drunks.  His grandparents bailed him out, and they took him
home to a form of limbo.  Dilley High wouldn't let him return, and he
refused to attend the alternative school in Bigfoot, the dumping
ground for Frio County's discipline problems.  Given public opinion,
he didn't even try to get a job.  "I couldn't go into a store without
people staring at me," he says.  A TV station had described him as a
black-clad goth, and a San Antonio paper had called him "a loner
fascinated by bombs."

He had nothing to do but wait for his arraignment on January 18.  He
lived in a room at the back of the house, with aluminum foil over the
windows, and escaped into EverQuest.  Meanwhile, the case against him
was falling apart.

[snip rest of article which talks about how the charges were
eventually dropped against Jansky]

====================



