From -5288890477205023554
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,69b1a256795f7e1d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-24 00:29:16 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!news1.atlantic.net!not-for-mail
From: "Tukka Yoot" <tukka@atlantic.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <KBGdPPN4NvJpvAY+zQDyfzfLuwWe@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: To die or not to die
Lines: 86
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <F0gn8.5$kK5.4999@news1.atlantic.net>
Date: Sun, 24 Mar 2002 03:29:17 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.208.5.124
X-Complaints-To: news@atlantic.net
X-Trace: news1.atlantic.net 1016958117 209.208.5.124 (Sun, 24 Mar 2002 03:21:57 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 24 Mar 2002 03:21:57 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:179075

> If your group jumps off a cliff, do you hold their hand on the way
> down?

  This depends.  I'll die to save one or more people in the group,
especially if that person is a cleric who can rezz and help get us back on
our feet, or a wizard or druid who might be able to evac us out.  As a
shadow knight, sometimes I'll try to draw aggro for a while so I can feign
death while everyone else runs, knowing there's the risk that I might not be
able to get the spell off before I die.  But if things are out of control
and it looks like we don't have a prayer, and I there doesn't seem to be any
obvious way I can help the group, I'll escape if I can.

> I was playing my lvl 13 cleric grouped in a derv camp in NRo when the
> puller made a bad pull. Of course we all died. Upon retrieving our
> corpses, a druid in the group tried to harmonize and it was resisted
> resulting in another bad pull.

  Has Harmony been changed recently?  In my 42 levels playing a druid, I
never once had Harmony resisted, and I've never had the Harmony spell itself
cause mobs to aggro on me.  Of course a low level group or druid might not
be too familiar with the way the spell works... it basically reduces the
mob's aggro radius to almost nothing, but in my experience the aggro radius
is still there, and if a mob you pull runs right by (or right on top of) a
mob that should be "harmonized", it may join in.  Also, Harmony, like all
spells, has a limited duration... it lasts about a minute and a half if I
recall correctly.  It is an AOE spell that will affect several mobs, but it
can be hard to tell exactly which mobs were effected unless you are close
enough to see the glow around them.  A careful druid will cast the spell on
two or three choice mobs in a very "spread out" camp to make sure all the
mobs who may aggro are "harmonized."

> I tried healing the druid which aggro'd
> the MOB onto me. Again, we all died. After retrieving our corpses
> again, the druid did the same thing, again resulting in a bad pull.
> This time I didn't partake in the masacre and I was the only one left
> alive. As a result, I was shunned from the group, branded a coward,
> not to return. Not that I was all that glad to be in a group that
> didn't know how to pull anyway.

  It does sound like your druid didn't know how to properly use the spell,
if he was indeed using it at all.  Depending on the size of the pull and the
size of your group, you may or may not have made the right decision.  I
don't know how bad the druid was getting pounded on, but the best decision
might have been to let the tanks try to draw aggro before healing anyone...
even to the point of letting the druid die.

  But if you think the group is completely overwhelmed, you can make that
call.  If you are going to run, it's important to let everyone know, so they
know to run too.  I'm not sure what level your druid was an if he was
capable of SoWing everyone, but if he could and he did, your group could
have made an easy escape, and if you did call RUN, they have only themselves
to blame.  If you didn't have SoW, your non-casters in the group probably
wouldn't have a prayer of escaping, which is why if I were a cleric in a
similar situation, I would have stuck around to help the tanks if I thought
we had any chance of surviving whatsoever, even if it meant only a couple
people might survive.  A partial victory with some survivors is better than
a total defeat.

  Especially since at this level, the experience penalty is so minor.  The
main penalty is the cost in the time it takes to regroup.  It'll take less
time to regroup if you manage to kill some of the mobs in the camp (making
it a bit easier to break on the next round) and if fewer people in the group
die.

  It sounds like either way they overreacted, and your druid doesn't seem to
have been very competent, and it doesn't seem like anybody was experienced
enough to show the initiative to get the group together and working
properly, so in the end your decision to Gate out ended up getting you out
of a bad group that didn't show many prospects for reform, so I wouldn't
shed any tears over that.

  The basic thing is, if somebody in the group calls for a retreat,
everybody should retreat, regardless of what their feelings are about
whether or not the fight can be won and sometimes it is better to err on the
side of caution.  If somebody calls retreat and you don't make an effort to
escape, you have only yourself to blame... and if try to escape and you die
anyway, there's still no point in blaming the person who called for the
retreat, since if somebody thought the situation was going down the crapper,
chances are somebody would have died anyway.  Sometimes a bad call will cost
lives, but that's just part of the game.  Bad pulls happen, bad decisions
happen, but whatever happens it's a bad idea to alienate your groupmates
(especially if they're an in-demand class like a healer or enchanter) unless
they obviously totally suck as players or as people and refuse always put
you at risk.




