From -8574294140572828158
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2f44f725fd9857cd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-19 05:58:39 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-xit-04!supernews.com!news-xfer.siscom.net!not-for-mail
From: "Melkor" <nathan_at_work@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: EQ and AC
Date: Tue, 19 Feb 2002 07:58:36 -0600
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Lines: 182
Message-ID: <3c725a08$0$34135$9a6e19ea@news.newshosting.com>
Organization: Newshosting.com - Highest quality at a great price! www.newshosting.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 19 Feb 2002 13:58:35 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: d9d7310e.news.newshosting.com
X-Trace: DXC=GnK8gNc8\\`edY7ab1oFVgX`1N4>^k1LciF6BbIV4YYbLnHEXCOOR@oGjTTdVmTP9lURIZ;G]Z62jYN^6M]]@?5`;hk=ZK3j_dh
X-Complaints-To: abuse@newshosting.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:167788

I posted a message in

microsoft.public.games.zone.asheron_call

asking for input as to fow EQ and AC are different.

I did this to get the bias view of the AC users.

Now I want the bias view from EQ players...

I am trying to decide which game to go with.

As a reference, here is one of the more detailed replies I got...:

There are things I really like about both games, but if I had to choose I'd
go with Asheron's Call. I played EQ because two of my friends were there.
One of those friends has since been converted to AC, and the other won't try
it.

Classes: EQ simplifies things with their character class system, but it is
also highly restrictive.  Certain classes can't operate worth beans if they
don't have others to help them, and skill choices are limited to certain
things at certain levels, etc.  In AC you get full customization, including
total control of attributes, unrestricted skill choice, options for
individual facial features, color of eyes, color and style of hair, etc. You
also get full control of which direction your character expands in.  You
want to raise Strength?  You got it.  Want to run faster?  You can do that
too.  The flexibility is great, but the price is that it's easy to spread
yourself thin.  Jack of all trades, master of none.  EQ classes make it
easier to size others up quickly, which is nice when forming a group.  If
someone says they're a Shaman, you know basically what that character is
about.  AC's characters usually just register as "Adventurer" so it takes
some figuring to discover what they can actually do; sure, the guy knows
Creature magic, but does he kill with War magic or with a sword?

Custom Appearance: AC has literally hundreds of items you can carry or wear
that make your character's appearance very unique.  Many items in EQ have
the same outward appearance (or at least, they did when I played --
pre-Luclin, and I had no expansions), but Turbine worked to make sure their
game wouldn't be that way.  Combinations of everything from Olthoi Helms to
Virindi Masks make each character distinct.  You can even pay alchemists to
dye things for you, so you can have a whole suit of armor that's colored the
way you like.

Portal Travel: Central to AC is the concept of portals.  They're everywhere,
and they help a lot when you're going long distances.  In EQ, you have to
beg for someone to make a gate for you so you don't have to run for 3 hours.
In AC, you can cross the continent in 15-20 minutes if you know three or
four portals along the way.

Looks: In EQ the world looks good as far as you can see it, but it renders
to about 200 feet and clips out.  Basic light and darkness are included but
that's all (again, this is probably different now that they're up to Luclin
standard).  In AC you get a real world: you get views that extend clear to
the horizon (very pretty), there is real weather with changing seasons (the
ground goes from snow to brown to green and back again), cloud patterns and
sun positioning that affect the light (at sunset everything takes on a red
hue), far more realistic placement of foliage and landmarks, and tons of
decorative structures strewn about the land.  Each region and terrain type
that you could find on Earth is well represented.  Dereth is a huge place.
There is also none of this "zoning"
business: AC uses an overlapping grid system that loads seamlessly as you
travel.  You also get full control of camera positioning, instead of having
a first person view that works okay and 3 other views that, IMHO, suck.  EQ
feels more like a construct to me, and AC more like a world.

Critters: I never really got a chance to plumb the depths of either game,
but it seems like Everquest ultimately offers a greater variety of
creatures.  AC uses many of the same critters worldwide, and while they are
varied and original, it gets tiresome that there's nowhere you can go to
escape Drudge Prowlers.....

Allegiance: In AC you can swear loyalty to anyone of equal or higher level.
The vassal spontaneously generates experience for the patron as he
adventures, and in return the patron gives advice, spare gear, magical
knowledge, buffs, or whatever.  It's a bit like when high-level EQers help
newbies, except the high level character gets something out of it too, and
there's more commitment involved.  Long and complicated chains of allegiance
make for interesting prospects and create whole societies within the game.
You also have the same "fellowship" options as in EQ.

Cities: EQ has real cities with labyrinthine corridors and unique styling.
Each place is distinct.  AC's towns tend to be mere clusters of buildings
out on the ground.  EQ is prettier and better thought out in this regard,
but AC is much more easily navigable.

Compass: EQ basically makes you guess where you are.  AC gives you a compass
with radar reasonably similar to ranger tracking in EQ.  AC also offers a
map view that will show you your global position whenever you want.  No
guesswork about positioning.  I like EQ's realism as far as not telling you
much of anything, but Asheron's Call is such a gigantic place that it would
be nigh-impossible to navigate or find corpses without location.

Story: As far as I can determine, EQ is nearly static.  There are bug fixes
but the world pretty much stays the same.  Players come and go but nothing
truly changes.  AC's world operates on a calendar.  Once a month the
developers patch in changes to the world: adding new quests, removing old
ones, altering the landscape (for example, the towns of Arwic and Tufa were
reduced to rubble in the recent battle against the Hopeslayer), and
generally tweaking things.  This scripting adds a real element of "right
place, right time" to the game.  Being the first on the scene when something
new is happening makes it even better.

Different Monsters: This is a blessing and a curse.  Monsters in AC don't
wander, they just wait for you to come close to them.  You won't be
blindsided by something coming across the landscape behind you.  On the
other hand, critters can spawn right on top of you.  You never get groups of
Banderling Raiders wandering into your camp, but the Diamond Golem popping
out of nowhere right next to you is going to be a problem.  There are also
no guards in AC.  Monsters have a sight range within which they will attack
you, and a "turf" beyond which they (generally) won't pursue.

Races:  EQ features a large list of human and humanoid races, all with
various abilities and class restrictions.  In AC you don't get much
variation, just three subraces of man, the Aluvian (caucasian), Sho
(Oriental), and Gharundim (African).

Macros:  I really, really love EQ's programmable macros.  AC has no macro
capability.  You don't get the neat custom social buttons; you can say
"Kendall Stormbright thumbs her nose at the enemy" but you have to type it
out each time.

Shortcut Slots:  EQ lets you put almost anything on those six-button menus
at the lower left of the screen, but AC has nothing like that.  AC has item
shortcut slots but you can't put skills or spells in them (there are hotkeys
for almost everything, however, including spells and skills).

Trade skills: EQ's trade skills are easy to learn, but really, really hard
to master.  AC's are harder to use, but easier to improve.  In EQ you just
spend some money and practice and you get trade skills.  In AC you don't
automatically get them; you must short yourself in other areas to be a
tradesman.

Combat:  AC monsters fight to the death, never run away, and pursue for a
limited distance.  EQ monsters follow you until dead, and run away when
wounded.

Spells: The spells in EQ better characterize things than AC's magic does; AC
doesn't have anything like "Flash of Light" or "Drowsiness" or so on.  AC's
magic is more academic, but it ultimately offers more flexibility as far as
effects go: each and every skill/attribute can be individually
raised/lowered by magic, as well as most item properties.  EQ has several
schools of magic for various effects, while AC has four: War (direct damage
only), Life (healing/protects), Creature (buffs/debuffs), and Item (item
buffs/debuffs and portal magic).  EQ's spells are mostly bought in shops. AC
uses a formulaic (is that the word?) system in which you must combine
five or more easily obtained alchemical ingredients to form each spell, and
you must do most of your research by carefully watching and emulating other
casters.  One more thing: EQ offers spellcasting with weapons/shields in
hand, and AC requires casters to hold nothing but a wand while they cast.
Since AC's spells have shorter cast times, this isn't a huge problem.

Patch:  EQ patches are small, but AC requires a monthly patch download to
implement the calendar events and/or season changes.  It's not a huge
problem but it can take a little while on a modem..

Crowding:  EQ is simply bursting with players during prime time, and the
behavior of their servers betrays how much load they're under.  At prime
time I had either unplayable lag or a random drop every 30 minutes or so.
In AC, I encounter red-chain (high) lag only about once a week, and in all
the time I've played I was dropped only twice.  Bad lag is rare enough in AC
that when it crops up, it's confusing, because you're not used to it at all.
In EQ, lag is so common that if you go five minutes without it, you start to
get suspicious.

Duel/PK:  There is no dueling-by-choice in AC: being PK is a choice you make
only once, and you will be vulnerable to attack at any time by any other
PKer for the rest of your life.  It gets worse: you can't be a PK in
Asheron's Call unless you undertake a quest to the altar of Bael'Zharon,
something I never did but which seems to be difficult.  There is an Altar of
Asheron where you can un-PK yourself, but I've heard that if you are PK for
too long, or kill too many characters, you can never revert to peaceful
ways.  Also, high-level PKs camp the Altar of Asheron, killing any
characters who try to get to it.

Lastly, this is a minor thing but I think AC's creators welshed on it
bigtime: you can't swim in AC.  Water won't drown you even if you lie down
in it, and it doesn't affect movement until it's neck-high, but then it
becomes a wall you can't pass.





