From -1831987379345261489
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,34b45b1c0a85990e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-01 12:10:10 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!news3
From: "Richard" <sterman@qwest.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Learning the game (was re: Just because I'm sitting on my tail doesn't mean I'm not helping!)
Date: Wed, 1 Aug 2001 13:07:29 -0500
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 86
Message-ID: <9k9gh002jgv@enews3.newsguy.com>
References: <up9gmt8srdc9rovprg893cnbvkm722hpd3@4ax.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-991.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:101107

<snip>
> After the spider is dead, the monk starts yelling, "HELP ME
> OUT!!"  I'm like really puzzled, so I don't answer him at first.

<snip>

> spot, I decided to send him a /tell so I /told him, "When
> l'm in a group, I help by healing and then medding in
> between so I have enough mana to heal.  That's what I do
> in all my groups.  If that isn't helpful enough for you, then
> I won't group with you again. Welcome to /IGNORE",
> then I put him on /ignore.

<wince>

Wasn't that a bit harsh?

Look at it from his perspective.

He's quite likely new to the game - perhaps one of the wave of newbies that
bought the $10 version of EQ.  As he's level 12, he's only just learning
what it's like to group.  Probably the groups he's been with have been
equally inexperienced, and the tactics used have been as simplistic as
"dog-pile on the mob!".  Which probably works quite well for the monsters
he's been fighting up to this point.

So he's looking for others of his level, finds a nearby shaman, and asks for
a group.  He then watches his shaman sit down and (apparently) *do nothing*
while he fights and fights and fights.  His request for help was *ignored* -
his partner said nothing to him.  Than the exact same thing happened in the
next fight.

Understandably, he was upset.

I think he should have reacted a bit better.  A simple "Why weren't you
helping me fight the mob?" would have worked much better than "HELP ME OUT
ALREADY!"

However, I think you could have taken the time to explain to him a little of
what grouping strategy is about.  How else is he to learn?  You didn't
volunteer any information while you two were grouped.  You ignored him,
disbanded, sent him a huffy tell, and put him on ignore.  That was, perhaps,
not the best way to get him to learn.

I remember when I first took my eighth-level DE mage into the East
Commonlands and started looking around.  I joined a group, and started doing
what I knew best at the time - nuking the mobs with all my mana.  People
gently corrected me (especially when I did it right at the beginning of a
battle and started aggroing the mobs).  Through them, I learned about group
aggro, preserving mana, and telling everyone how much mana you have left.
Much, much later (when I switched over to a human cleric and got him into
his late 20's) I learned about the mysteries of the /assist key and what
wonderful things mez and harmony are.  I'm only in my mid-30's, so I haven't
participated in any high-level, multi-group raids yet.  I'm looking forward
to learning how to be an effective member of such an undertaking.

The point is that the so-called manual that comes with EQ explains none of
these tactics.  It's up to the player community to educate each other - and,
for the most part, it works wonderfully.  You still get clueless
characters - people who simply don't *want* to learn or have tried to solo
their way to 30 - but most people are eager to learn how to be good group
members and appreciate any advice that is given to them.

I think, by being silent and not explaining what you were doing, you kinda
failed your community obligation to teach an EQ newbie how to play the game.

That having been said, I learned by watching, observing, and asking
politely.  Never did I yell at anyone.  (I distinctly remember being annoyed
the first time I grouped with a cleric that announced every single one of
her heals.  I almost asked her to stop spamming the group.  I refrained, and
later learned to greatly appreciate such communications, and have even set
up my own macro to announce my heals.)  The monk that was grouping with you
was a little rude and a little impatient, which doesn't make for a happy
community.

So there were failings on both sides in this instance.

I do strongly believe, however, in taking whatever opportunities you can to
gently educate your fellow EQ-ers in the mysteries of the game.  Learning
from each other is part of what makes EQ such a great game, in my opinion.

-Richard
35th Human Cleric on Drinal <Knights of the Wolfpack>
13th Dark Elf Wizard on Drinal




