From -3298928648187747143
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6f49d933b7f72256
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!uni-berlin.de!not-for-mail
From: Hagen Sienhold <durragon@web.de>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Yet another EQ2 experience (warning: QUEST SPOILERS)
Date: Thu, 21 Oct 2004 10:53:05 +0200
Lines: 61
Message-ID: <hdt7lc.ts.ln@arellarti.fqdn.th-h.de>
References: <Pine.LNX.4.58.0410191440570.13551@bolt.sonic.net>
X-Trace: news.uni-berlin.de wwMI2JXm7OeGZ+rpOUCq/gyTllILsmmeeC2rJ6IczgWPMWVfVL
X-Orig-Path: arellarti.fqdn.th-h.de!nobody
User-Agent: tin/1.4.5-20010409 ("One More Nightmare") (UNIX) (Linux/2.6.1 (i686))
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:20103

Foxeye Vaeltaja <foxeye@eekspam.com> wrote:
> For all the conversation going on here and the many long posts, I was
> surprised to see no mention of what I found most memorable about EQ2.

> I feel very much part of a story in EQ2.  I honestly felt immersed. Not
> entirely in a good way, mind you.  My character is actually good-aligned,
> but forced to start out in freeport. The squallor of the Scale Yard made
> it so I hardly ever went back to my home if I didn't have to.  The
> leafless trees made me actually sad.  And when I had to kill people who
> were begging for mercy (because if I didn't, I couldn't enter Freeport), I
> felt filthy. And SO ready to do the betrayal quest to get the hell out of
> Dodge, err, Freeport.
Sadly most of the people I see running around couldn't care less about
the story in EQ. Quest text will be clicked through and afterwards asked
in ooc how to solve the quest...
But you do have a point. At least for some quests. I did start with a
good aligned gnome scout. Choosing your character class on the Isle in a
dialogue with a npc was really nifty. But alot of the quests were
missing a wider story. Only the gnome wich talks of how his family lives
under a curse and he desperately needs a few parts he lost underway and
can't leave his spot since he is waiting for the boat was a quest I
really enjoyed. There the sound acting adds quite a lot.
When entering the baubbleshire (gnome&halfling home zone) I was stunned.
It's gorgeous. But that was that. I didn't find the npc chatter
particular interesting. They have a few or better a lot quests to kill
this gather that. But nothing that kept me interested in them other than
finding out which reward it gives.

On the other hand when I entered freeport with my dark elven scout I was
like yeah, these guys have style. And I don't mean the architecture.
Every npc there treats you like a beggar at first. Since you are new to
the town and don't have anything worthy on you. But even this nice
welcome wore off quickly. NPCs don't walk around. Standing the whole day
in their empty flats. Heck, every suburb in freeport is a slum. I was
deeply annoyed what had come of the dark elves. I expected a dark and
sinister looking architecture. Instead I see filthy buildings looking
like ruins with nothing of the old splendor Neriak had imho.

> And the quest to becoming a cleric was rather apt too.  I honestly
> expected to have to kill undead or run errands. But instead I was
> submitted to Threshing...being purified through pain to become a cleric.
> IE, mobs you can't fight will nuke/dot you and you just have to keep
> yourself alive.
Not being able to solve the quest for my scout since the zone was down
for weeks I tried it with my warrior. I was given three tasks to
experience the way of the subclasses I'm going to choose from. Well, it
was ridiculous to say it gently. Only the final test after choosing to
become a warrior was ok. No it was quite good actually. But these good
quests are so damn rare... :/

> If you LET yourself immerse in the game, if you have it half a chance to
> be a story and not a game, it will take you there.  Or has so far. I'm
> only level 10, of course. ^_^
I don't want it to be another baldurs gate. And without player
interaction it looks alot like that. The longest talks I had with
players were when they come to town to log off for the night! EQ1 has
been alive due to all the players working together AND talking. EQ2
tries to become alive without the players. And fails on that imho.


Hagen


