From 474300037512432154
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ae964d6cafc11316,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-09-30 11:47:58 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!news.alt.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!easynews-local!news.easynews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Lewzephyr <lewiszephyr@clotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Report from the Fanfaire
Message-ID: <k4kjnv0i202g6slrrg12ark9am4dbhnt1t@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.91/32.564
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 163
X-Complaints-To: abuse@easynews.com
Organization: EasyNews, UseNet made Easy!
X-Complaints-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
Date: Tue, 30 Sep 2003 18:47:58 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:132

Below is a fanfair write up from a beastlord on the beastlord forums:
http://www.eqbeastlord.com/forums/viewtopic.php?t=8683
not my work just though Id share:

Written by: Sariss

Hi all, I wanted to share with you some of the info that I garnered
from the Live Panel discussion at the Fan Faire. My coffee still
hasn't kicked in yet, so details will likely be fuzzy (that is not a
Vah Shir joke). There were 4 folks in the panel (the only name I
remember is Scotts Hartsman, who did a lot of the talking), the spell
guy (who I believe is still Lawrence Poe) was unable to come to the
fair due to some pressing matters so a lot of spell questions were
answered with "Well, the spell guy isn't here, but we'll ask him". The
panel was well attended, folks just raised their hands and Absor just
walked from person to person with the microphone. Panel only lasted an
hour, but it was very productive. They had to kick us out to get ready
for the big Finale Dinner. 

Lessee, first - the live team was hard pressed to get LDoN up and
running and out the door. Now that it's done they can get back to the
long overdue melee changes. A lot of questions that were asked got
answered with "We can't really discuss that but it's part of the melee
changes". This included mitigation, warrior taunt, melee class balance
(Knight vs Warr for your group). 

There are no plans at the moment to add more AA's 

There are several issues with targeting, f8, pet shrinks, range
attacks, and a lot of other things that you might not think were
related that all come down to line-of-sight issues. LoS is apparently
done chest-to-chest and is currently being worked on a LOT for a
revamp. I think the majority of the questions ended up being answered
with "That's a line-of-sight thing too " 

A dr00d asked about the refresh time on Spirit of Wood, the
paragon-esque spell that does hp regen only. Apparently it's 22
minutes compared to paragon's 15, and we get mana regen added to ours.
Live team said they'd take a look at the druid spell and shorten it if
they felt it appropriate. I kicked him for trying to swing the nerf
bat at BSTs. 

Bards need to be nerfed. :p A bard actually said so, apparently the 32
mana song is affected by singing skill whereas the higher level one
isn't, shouldn't that be nerfed? asked the bard? After looking
worriedly at him for a moment, Scott said that oldworld stuff is there
to stay as is. They're not thrilled with the fact that some level 30
songs/spells are being used throughout the game up until the endgame
(ie Cheal) but they're embedded in the game's infrastructure now, have
been around forever, and are not as imbalancing if you're just playing
Old World, for example. Short answer, it ain't getting changed. 



It was brought up that a lot of older areas still drop some decent
loot (Veeshans Peak was the example) but no one goes there anymore as
everything is no drop and in that specific case, it's a pita to get
into. Perhaps if the no-drop were taken off the items, people would be
more prone to going there or other similar places. The rebuttal was
that what would people do besides twink their lowbies with the stuff,
which is exactly what the no-drop tag is for. Older zones still need
to remain viable for when new servers are opened as well, you can't
have VP be all droppable items on the next Stromm. The player's
rebuttal and restatement of his question was that instead of no-drop,
couldn't these items have recommended/required levels? This would
negate the twinking aspect but still give people the chance to move
around the items in the economy. The panel liked this idea, but noted
that it would require hundreds of man hours to retag all that sort of
stuff. 

A monk brought up the fact that he once failed 16 times in a row
trying to FD. Scott Hartsman (who is funny as all hell, btw) said that
that should be about the biggest rarity on the face of Norrath and
nothing should ever fail that many times in a row. At that point some
smartass Beastlord might have shouted out "Try tradeskills", but given
our reputation for subtlety, he didn't. Oh wait, I did :p Scott said
that if such a thing like that EVER happened (outside of tradeskills)
to /bug that badboy because something's wrong. 

Someone brought up the fact that the bard's Fading Memories was
somewhat superior to FD and was that going to be changed. Scott's
answer was that if they did change it, given the type of skill it is,
we'd never remember it was changed. haha :p. There are no plans to
nerf Fading Memories. It was intentionally given to bards and the plan
is for it to stay. 

Scott also mentioned that when he came onto the Live team about 2
years ago, the first thing he did was run about a billion cycles
through the Random Number Generator. He was sure the the thing was
streaky as all-get-out and needed to be tweaked. What he found was
that over said billion cycles, the distribution was almost perfect.
RNG is actually random. He did say that the immense length of the
string necessary to get said perfect distribution might be a little
long, which is why we tend to see so many streaks, and I believe he
said they were checking that to perhaps shorten that string. 

It was said that should there ever be a bug ingame, don't go through
the /petition route. Use the /bug command. /bug goes straight to the
Live team, whereas petitions get answered by a guide who posts them in
his report which eventually gets bundled up in one big report every
month or so... Use /bug. Now, if you're getting slapped down by a bug
and need assistance from it, by all means /petition for a GM for help,
but if you're just reporting one, /bug all the way  

A fellow BST brought up two questions, the first one I can't for the
life of me remember (EDIT: I remember!). He asked why only BSTs didn't
get a swarm pet AA out of all the pet classes. The answer was that
when the AA's were made, our Warders were still 'different'. The could
zone, were summoned via an ability, all sorts of things that made them
funky, kinda like bard songs. Since then they've been brought in line
with the other pets, which negates said problem. About 3/4 of the Live
panel were scribbling down notes on this question, so it looks like a
swarm pet is in our possible future  

His second was that since BSTs are a hybrid of a monk and a shaman,
was there any chance of us getting a FD AA? That got the one straight
answer of the entire panel, "HahahahaNo" 

If you've ever found a reason for someone's mount staying in zone on
its own, please get down as much info on it as possible and /bug it.
They're aware of the problem, but are coming up quite short on the
cause. Someone in the crowd said that if you /dismount and the /q it
happens more often. 

Pet classes may get new pet models eventually, but it's not in the
plans now. Apparently it's much easier to add new models to the global
file, but they're already really pushing the recommended memory
specifications, so they're leery about adding more models. 

There will be options "soon (tm)" to turn on/off specific things
graphically. The specific question was "Can I turn off the new mage
pet models but still use my horse?" Apparently those were all put into
the same file in the new luclin models, so at the moment the answer is
no. But, they're working on making that more customizeable. 

I asked 2 BST questions  Firstly (as I knew I had to) was "Are troll
warders ever going to get any love?" The answer was that we've been
lied to. It's not the girth that matters, it's the length.  The
problem with the gators is that when /grown they get too long which
makes them not path well at all, especially indoors. They were
intentionally perma-shrunken to avoid those problems. Looks like
you're all stuck with the geckos of doom Trollies, sorry. 

My second question was in regard to BST weaponskill caps. I brought up
the fact that our H2H is the only skill that caps 250+. I asked if
there was a reason this was so, or if at least 2HB could be brought up
too so that we could keep up our dps on some of the more nasty
critters out there. I also mentioned that if it's meant for BST to
have lower held-weapon skills, why is there a BST-only piercer
dropping in LDoN? (Ancient Elven Dagger, I think?). There was much
off-mike conferring at the table after this question. Quite a bit of
scribbling too. The answer: "We'll look into it". /crosses his fingers

That's all I can recall. I didn't take any notes but I've written this
over the course of the morning, hoping for one thing to spark a memory
about another question. If I think of anything more I'll post it  I
didn't attend any other panels, but there were some for LDoN and
tradeskills which I'm told were also very productive. Also
panels/demos for EQ2, Planetside, FanFaire feedback, and customer
service. 

/waves



