From 8136431177848210819
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9c12308f46e28181
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-25 11:11:00 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!router1.news.adelphia.net!rip!news.webusenet.com!peer01.cox.net!peer02.cox.net!cox.net!newsfeed2.easynews.com!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!news-out.nuthinbutnews.com!propagator2-sterling!news-in-sterling.newsfeed.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F9ABCAD.A1468568@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Where to next? (what I'd like EQ 2 to be)
References: <3F9A85CE.89BDF108@tlznt.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 376
Date: Sat, 25 Oct 2003 18:20:23 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.216.130.24
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1067106023 66.216.130.24 (Sat, 25 Oct 2003 14:20:23 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 25 Oct 2003 14:20:23 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:4410



Greg Dalgroz wrote:
> 

> OK, finished with the rhetoric, and want to throw it out to you. What
> new games sound interesting to you? What concepts would you take from
> EQ, SWG etc., and combine to make a better EQ type game?

I like the basic ideas behind EQ; a large persistant world with
thousands of players in it, and lots and lots of room for long
term advancement and growth of your character.

I -don't- like a  lot of things about it, too, though.

I don't like how trade skills work.  Very tedious and clunky,
very little fun, and the results aren't very useful.  How to
improve that?  Well, for one thing, the skill up rate is set too
low.  Attempts to make stuff should be more difficult, and you
should learn more frequently.  This would remove the tedium while
leaving the expense and risk.  For another, actually making stuff
involves manipulating the interface till your fingers get numb. 
The interface shouldn't be in the way like that.  To rid us of
that, how about being able to construct recipies and then repeat
till you run out of ingrediants?  Or to do -stack- work; if one
LQ hide plus one Thread makes item X, then a stack of ten LQ
hides and a stack of ten Threads gives you ten shots at making
item X's.  But that still leaves the general uselessness of your
product.  To resolve that, look at the new Augment idea.  If
players could make augment type items, then it wouldn't matter
how much mudflation destroyed the value of any set item, because
you'd be making stuff to improve the mudflated better gear.  Or
take a similar approach, and use dropped items as the basis for
recipies to make better stuff.  Basically, try and make trade
skills more fun, less painful, and actually useful.

I don't like how the current crazy variations in ZEM concentrate
people into very few zones.  So flatten out the ZEMs so that you
don't have one zone thats nearly three times the exp per mob that
another zone is (paladul versus lake of ill omen); yes,  use a
bit of ZEM variation to compensate for more difficult zones, but
the current discrepancy is far too large.

I do like the vast number of spells in the game, but I don't like
the "spell level" idea, where you go up four or five or nine
levels before getting new spells.  Look at bards, who get one or
more every single level; thats a much better model, let spell
casters get a few spells every level instead of going thru weeks
of play before the next change.

I really like the AA system.  But I -don't- like that its limited
to people over level 50.  Extend AA all the way down to your
first level, make it so characters aren't as cookie cutter as
they are now.  

I like recommended level on items.  But since its only on -some-
items, it doesn't do a very good job.  Put it on all items and
you'd cut down massively on twinking and mudflation.  Further,
make the effects strong enough that many of the items you -are-
high enough level for would be better than that level 65 drop
with its effects reduced.

I despise the current AC setup; that stat should be clear and
meaningful.  At the moment, it means different things for
different classes, and in most instances a difference of say 10%
more or less AC has no noticable effect at all.  10% more AC
should mean taking 10% less damage in the long run.  That said,
no amount of AC should ever make you 100% safe against exp giving
mobs.  Since items would be level limited, you'd have some
control over what a person's max AC can possibly be at any given
level, something that compares your AC to that theoretical
maximum and mitigates damage to that extent would be in order.

Stats should all be meaningfull.  This is one of the ways that
characters aren't all cookie cutter copies of each other; a
ranger who has concentrated on dex should hit more often, one
who's concentrated on agility should -get hit- less often, one
who's concentrated on stamina should be able to soak up damage
better, so on and so forth.  These things are all true now, but
in the sense where 100 points might make a 1% difference.  

Speaking of stats, the fatigue versus stamina thing is annoying. 
Currently fatigue is ignored because everyone knows that by
getting their stamina up to 100 they avoid any ill effects other
than not being able to jump up and down.  Thats crazy, fatigue is
one of the main effects you have to worry about in real world
melee type fighting, and use of it gave melee fighters a reason
to sit down and med every now and then; catch your breath for the
next fight.  There are also whole spell lines devoted to
restoring fatigue so you can survive longer battles... going to
waste because at 100 stamina, far less than half the maximum
potential for the stat, the ill effects vanish entirely.

Resists should be more meaningful too.  Currently most players
can happily level up into their mid 50s before ever considering
resists, because spell casting mobs at lower levels just aren't
important to deal with, and because the amount of resist gear you
need to get to make any difference is massive.  Make it so
smaller resist figures make a difference at lower levels, and add
in more casting mobs and trap type effects and procs so people
will see a visible difference if they have better resists.  Look
at the scale of the low level resist spells, endure cold and so
forth; if changes in resist that small don't matter, why bother
putting the spells in the game?

Quest mobs suck as currently implemented.  While it makes some
sense as a mechanic to have place holders who have to be killed
to eventually spawn the named mob you are looking for, if thats a
quest mob he should ALWAYS drop the item you need.  Its a massive
violation of story to have to go find and kill Frodo Baggins,
only to find he doesn't have the One Ring so you have to kill him
again and again till he happens to have it.  I don't mind having
to kill Merry and Pippin and Samwise if one of them pops up
before Frodo, and they should have their own items people might
want.  But  when Frodo finally shows up, he'd best have the ring
or a good explaination for why not, and once I've killed him I
don't ever expect to have to kill him again.  In fact I'd like to
see a flag system in place so once I'd killed a named mob he'd
never ever show up again.  There might be similar named mobs with
other names, so I can help my friends kill that same basic target
to get their quests done... but I can't farm the hell out of him
because I can't ever pop him again, he's Dead!

I like the idea of Instanced Dungeons, because one of my
complaints is that the world doesn't change based on what I do. 
I can go clear Crushbone a hundred times and tomorrow it will be
the same as it ever was.  If CB was instanced then A) I -could-
clear it, move around in there till everything is dead.  And B)
Once I'd done so, I could be flagged for Crushbone B where higher
level orcs have come in to rebuild, or Crushbone C where the
elves have set up shop in their place, so on and so forth.  By
combining flags and instancing you could really build the
illusion of change into the world.  And I could also exhaust
certain zones for myself, forcing me to move around and do other
things.  Can't stay in Paladul from 5 till 25, because at some
point you've killed off everything in the place and set it to
rights.

That said, I don't like the LDoN implementation of instanced
dungeons; there shouldn't be a number of random dungeon layouts
at each spot; rather the content of a given location should vary
based on my flag situation.  Crushbone is always going to be
Crushbone, although perhaps there are doors that can be opened in
one instance and other doors in others, to change the layout a
bit (rockfalls, new buildings, ruined buildings etc, not just
"doors").  I also don't like the fact that they are private;
everyone who is flagged for Crushbone C should be able to get
into Crushbone C thru the same entrance I used.  This means I'd
form groups out of people inside that instance, and when its
cleared its cleared.  Also, you wouldn't have to eliminate
respawns, if they make sense in the context of the particular
dungeon (say undead constantly being reanimated after being dead
a given amount of time, or whatever), you could have getting the
next flag be dependant on killing a boss mob or something along
those lines.  Destroy the Black Cauldron and the undead stop
reanimating.  Perhaps if you weren't in the group that actually
did it, you don't get the flag, so when you leave and come back
the cauldron has been repaired, but people who were in on the
kill return to find the Vale of Light has finally thrown off the
darkness.  (In the meantime, you get the Crushbone C2 message,
you are still entering the Crushbone C instance, but you get an
explaination saying that the cauldron has been repaired)

I don't like Servers.  Or at least not so very many of them.  I
understand its a good way for them to control the size of the
world but not of their fan base; add a thousand new players, add
a new server or split an old one, so all servers continue to have
no more than the 2000 or so players they can support.  But it
means if I have a RL (or newsgroup) friend on one server and I'm
on another, for us to get together one or the other of us (or
both) has to start over.  This interferes with the potential for
fun.  It should either be easy to move from one server to
another, gear intact, or there should be very few servers so this
doesn't happen as frequently.  I prefer the former, even though
it has some potential for griefers and ninjalooters to move to
escape their reputation.  I think the reason this is true is
because there is a very limited way to move at the moment, if
people moved freely from one server to another then your
reputation would be perhaps more diffuse, but could easily
pervade all the servers.  If you could log on and pick whichever
server you like each day, then you could join your friends where
ever they happen to be (assuming some sort of bulletin board or
something to let you find out where your friends are before you
log on)

Since I don't like not being able to group with anyone I choose,
there's a clear problem with my "everything is instanced"
vision.  Perhaps we can get around that by letting pre formed
groups pick a leader and then get into whatever instance the
leader is flagged for.  This way I can take you to Crushbone D or
you can take me to Crushbone B (so you can get flagged for
Crushbone C)

Too, the various instancings don't have to be linear, there could
be one path that goes A B C D and another that goes A E F G and
another that goes A B A... depending on what you do in each
instance you may see different sets of dungeons.

And there's no reason these instances all have to be indoors (in
fact, the example I keep using, Crushbone, isn't).  The idea is,
any zone with potential for a changing story line should be
instanced; this would leave certain areas like the Karanas
perhaps as travel zones... but currently I can't really think of
many areas which don't have some elements that should change
based on what you do.  Western Wastes?  No, they have all those
named dragons.  But you could split out the smaller areas that
-should- change and leave in lots of areas that are relatively
static to travel thru, rife with risks and less directed hunting.

I don't really like the current "all or nothing" experience split
on mob killing.  If you do part of the job, you should get part
of the credit, grouped or not.  Nobody should be able to come
Kill Steal you, but at the same time, if someone is doing 49% of
the work he should get 49% of the experience.  Grouping should
give you a bonus over solo killing like it does now, but there
should be a split of the exp either way.  Problem with this is
that you'd have to give healers partial credit, buffers, slowers,
mezzers... where does it stop?  I don't necessarily have a
working solution for this, but I think the current setup is rife
with potential nastiness and cheating (of the mild sort that
powerleveling is).  The opposite extreme would be to prevent
people not grouped with the person who originally engages a mob
from landing any spells on it, and to forbid buffing and healing
of people not in your group or raid  (possibly only while you
have a mob engaged).  This draconian enforcement of the "no
stealing" rule would cut down on the "massively multiplayer"
presence of the game, though, and I don't think I like that
either.

I don't like the way EQ doesn't give classes vital elements until
late in the game; hybrids should be casters from level one, not
nine, they should just have weaker versions or the spells, or
fewer of them.  Rogues should backstab from the beginning, and
hide and evade and so forth.  But thats petty stuff, more to the
point, Rangers should have Jolt type spells from a low level, and
should be better with archery at all levels, not ONLY at level 59
+ many AA.  If Defensive is a good thing for warriors, they
should get it well before level 55.  Clerics are balanced against
other classes by giving them a pet and a worthwhile summoned
hammer and Yaulp V... but only starting at 54, really only at 56,
and that only lasts till 60 or so; they should have that pet
either never or from a very low level.  Why do Shaman only get
pets starting at 34 - if a pet is a key element of the class they
should have one from near the beginning.  Balancing the game only
for the endgame is stupid, balancing it for SOME classes from the
beginning and for OTHERS only at the end is criminally
negligent.  And training us how to do things wrong by giving us
skills and spells that don't work at the high end is just cruel. 
Why do clerics melee almost as well as real melee classes thru
44, and then drop into the bucket as their skills aren't merely
capped at 4/level, but meet a hard cap right there while the
melee classes keep going into their late 50s?  Worse still are
skill caps where a minimum is required to do something; looking
at bard lockpicking versus rogue lockpicking, there are very few
instances where a bard can pick a lock at all due to the fact
that the minimum skill required on most is higher than the bard
maximum.  If bards were worse at the skill so you'd need a higher
level bard or the bard would have to work at it much longer or
something... but no, its just a useless skill.

Cartography.  Some people don't like it, some do.  Personally, I
don't like it as currently implemented.  As a tool its very
difficult to use, it doesn't map things well at all.  It -does-
do an excellent job of showing where you are on an existing map,
and a decent job of letting you make notes on the map.  But to
actually map anything is a very tedious process that often
requires a top end rogue (so he can roam around without
interference).  Many CRPGs have mapping systems that
automatically map everything you can see; why not put something
like that in instead?  And if you can kill the ability to trade
map files around that would go a long way towards ridding us of
the complaints of the anti-mapping people; if you have to
actually go somewhere before its automatically mapped out for
you, instead of downloading RogueX's files off eqtoolbox.com,
then that would put some of the exploration back in.

I also don't care for how much porting and the book system have
shrunk the world; at the same time I hated the incredible boredom
involved in running long distances or waiting for and riding on
boats, or even the "wait up to 15 minutes for a port" system of
SOL.  Begging wizards and druids for ports, on the other hand, is
unpleasant for both parties; these people are online to play a
game, not to be glorified airline captains, and I'm there to be a
hero, not a stranded motorist.  The best solution I've seen for
this was the one Velious had at its release: you could only get
ports to rings you'd gone to initially and picked up ground spawn
"teeth" from.  For some reason they killed that later on, but I
thought it didn't go far enough, rather than too far.  Put a
tooth/flag in every port destination, so you have to travel,
perhaps fight, your way to it.  Then put in POK type
transportation to the basic places, and add in wizard and druid
locations for shortcuts to the more far flung ones... but nobody
can say they didn't have to travel the hard way first.  If
instead of teeth as implemented you had keys that could go on the
keyring or flags, then you wouldn't have to worry about all the
wasted inventory space.

I like the new journal system, but I'd like it to go further;
call it a dumbing down of the game if you like, but I'd like to
be able to click on an NPC or item and have it hyperlinked
directly to any relevant passages in my journal, this way if
there was something I heard from an old man down by the river
yesterday (but three months ago in real life), I'd be able to
find it in my notes immediately.  At the same time, this would
penalize people who get their quest notes by downloading them off
the web instead of following the conversation paths in the game,
because those notes would then not be in the game.  Same for
recipies; read the recipie book or note in that rare scroll you
found and items link to that recipie.  Read about it in EQTraders
and you are reliant upon your handwritten (ok printout) text copy
with no hyperlinks.


Hyperbuffs were a problem; KEI and Aego and so forth really hurt
the game for low level buffer classes and disturbed the balance
for all.  But the draconian solution of a cutoff wasn't a very
good one; under 45 you get screwed out of the ability to have
long lasting buffs of any sort (well, Temperance) and above that
you get level 60+ buffs despite being only 45+.  Instead, I'd
scale the effect of buffs like Reccomended Level items; make the
Reccomended Level of KEI something like 55, and if you are lower
level than that it has less effect.  Scale it right, and at
Clarity II, Clarity, or Breeze levels, a "real" buff designed for
your level would actually be of more benefit, but lacking that
you could instead get (and pay thru the nose for) a long lasting
KEI for less mana, but that would still enable you to do
without.  You also wouldn't get a sudden sharp jump in
effectiveness just for hitting level 45.  This could be extended
to all spells, not just the few that are limited now, so that
Powerlevelling would be less effective with no 30 point DS and no
20 hp per tic regen and so forth.

Spell durations are often a problem, with my idea about extending
the AA system down to the lowest levels, how about one that would
let you double the duration of a buff for twice the mana cost,
and so forth?  This would add up to the same mana cost overall,
but you could do more "prep time" versus "play time" casting.

Mounts as currently implemented suck.  Not being able to cancel a
spell makes no sense, suffering the horrible seasickmaking jerky
movement is near unbearable, and the expense for an entry level
mount is prohibative.  Reduce the price of mounts across the
board, if you want to not cheapen them too much, make it so the
cheap ones only work up to a certain level, like Summon Corpse
works now.  What mounts do for the lower level game now is give
the rich a massive advantage in outdoor zones over the poor; I'd
like to see all the advantages of having a "rich uncle" reduced
so twinks aren't playing on quite so massively a different
playing field.  Also greatly reduce if not eliminate the horrible
movement aspects of a mount; if you really want that in the game,
give me a "equestrian" skill to learn to eliminate it, and don't
make it level limited, make it like Alcohol Tolerance, something
I can skill up to 200 in and get rid of, so I have the fun of it
while its a novelty but eventually don't have to live with your
little attempt at motion sickness induction anymore just to get
the meditation/aggro benefits.  Or make it a low level AA, that
would work too.

Graveyards are a good idea.  Who ever thought that when you meet
a mob you get slaughtered by, making you return to where you died
and try to get the body out from under his feet while Naked would
be a good idea should be taken out and shot.  Graveyards still
require that you get to the zone in question under your own
power, but they give you an alternative to trying to get back to
the body... and don't even talk about corpse summoning, because
see my comments on wizard/druid porting above; they aren't
playing to be glorified undertakers and I'm not playing to be a
desperate mourner.

Give em time I'll probably think of more, but this would be a
good start, take the ideas that work in EQ and improve on them,
its still the best game out there, so all you'd have to do to
make me happier with it would be to eliminate the bad and improve
on the good.

Bergh


