From 8786477103802847484
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1e41c05d490665d4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-29 05:33:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-03!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: More Necro Spell Questions
Date: Mon, 29 Oct 2001 08:23:48 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3BDD5864.2CB364E9@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 55
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:130272

In a suprisingly short amount of real time, my baby necro has made it to
level eight and gotten his next circle of spells. This character is very
fun to play, but *very* complicated compared to my warrior, monk, or
wizard. And (of course) I have questions. <g>

First, the spell Lesser Shielding. Obviously I want it, but the vendors
hanging near the various necro trainers in the EFP tunnels didn't have
it that I could find. Given that we share that one with wizards, I tried
the vendors near them also, to no avail. I'll get killed if I try to
walk into the lighty caster's guild. Anyone know who sells this in/near
Freeport? Casters Realm lists it as also being sold by "Freeport Evil
Vendors" but I'm not finding it.

Dark Pact: Is this something necros keep up in their lineup of "battle
spells" and cast during fights? Or is it more for when you go totally
OOM and just mem it up to cast while medding?

Vampiric Embrace: I dont' understand this spell at all from the
description on casters realm. Is it a damage shield on me that lifetaps
when the mob hits me? (assuming I'm still tanking for pet, of course).
Or is it a "random" effect DD type lifetap? The online description
claims it's more useful for SKs and not so much for Necros, but it
sounds like a good spell. How is it used?

Ward Undead and the ones to follow in that line make it look more and
more like my spells are lining up to make me specialize in hunting
undead. Now, from a roleplaying POV, I can certainly see how clerics and
paladins would be likely to specialize in killing the undead, but a
necro??!! I thought we were *friends* with the freaking undead! I mean,
my everpresent best buddy is a skeleton, ferkristsakes.

But if that's my lot in life, so be it. I had been thinking that once I
got comfortable with my new pet and spells, I would expand out from the
EC and N.Ro areas and head on over to Lavastorm and Najena when the mobs
were level appropriate. But reading all this, I'm starting to think that
maybe at level 12 (when I can re-bind myself) that I should head on over
to Kurns tower. Having never played a lizzie, I've never been there, but
I hear everyone raving about that zone. Would that be wise? (Oh, yes, by
the way, feel free to insert the ever typical "where should I hunt now?"
for necros soloing at levels 8 to 13 here.)

Thanks again in advance for all the great help this group's communal
knowledge always brings to light.
-- 
jaZZ md
a.k.a No longer naked newbie necro. (Got me a couple of backpacks of
decent low-end twink stuff from Najena Saturday morning, and the fights
are going better. <g> I even got the blackened saphire from that rare
spawn in the magicians' room outside of Rathyl's cell. I'd never even
seen him up before!)
- - - -
"Imagine if every Thursday your shoes exploded if you tied them the
usual way. This happens to us all the time with computers, and nobody
thinks of complaining." 
-- Jeff Raskin


