From -2277043732463797963
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ce989420bb33a9bf
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-03-31 21:03:38 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Seth Thompson" <seththom@aptalaska.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: You just can't do anything nice
Date: Sat, 31 Mar 2001 20:01:11 -0900
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <tcddla62jso478@corp.supernews.com>
References: <9a0tha$92s$1@nntp9.atl.mindspring.net> <tc8g8makvg347b@corp.supernews.com> <66u8ct8b98570277s2rlgqv8h7c4jt61as@4ax.com> <9a252m$7ck$1@bob.news.rcn.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 77
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:61273

> It's kind of funny.  I go by the exact opposite rule.  I'm a wizard and if
> anyone asks me directly for a port and I'm not in the middle of something
I
> will port them.  I almost never help the people that are shouting for a
port
> unless I see paying <number inserted> for a port.  Not sure why I started
> doing it this way, but I guess since they took the time to do a who to see
> who was of level to port them, I'm more likely to give them my time.  I
also
> never go anon.  If someone bugs me continuously I just put them on ignore.

I quite often do freebie resses, just because I'm either right there, or
because the person can't offer money.  It is only my opinion, but a port is
less disruptive to your gameplay then resses, in many cases and for a few
reasons.

Resses tend to run mana down a LOT, which means that even if you're close to
where they are, you have about 3 to 5 minutes of med time left. (This
considering that you DON'T heal them afterwards, which I always do, to keep
myself from having to res them again)

Clerics are, due to the suggested and in my opinion, mythological, theory
that they are boring to play are fewer then the port classes.  I play on a
server that is populated about half way between the low servers and the high
servers(Terris Thule), and I can count the number of Clerics 49 and over
that are not anonymous on one hand.  I'm one of those.

What that does tend to do is make people who ARE desperate for a res(post
50's, people in levels after Hell) demand more from a Cleric.  Not
surprisingly, I've been called from Freeport to do a res over in Field of
Bone before because I was the only Cleric who'd answer their /tells that
wasn't anonymous.  And the main thing is this...Clerics don't have any form
of instant travel barring Gate, and unless you count undead, no kind of
Invisibility.

Contrast that to a Druid or Wizard, who quite often has a person already
waiting at a port point asking them for a resurrection...they have to port
there, port to destination, gate back to hunting spot.

Now, I'm not saying that porting is a trivial disruption to gameplay,
especially due to the enormous amount of people who demand it, because
they're too lazy to take a boat(remember those?)  But when people are
dealing with their experience bar rather then their travelling needs, they
can get pretty nasty. =)

To the Cleric who originally posted your experience...I don't want you to
believe that you can't do nice things for people...because that's not true.
I consider reputation building a MAJOR factor in my gameplaying, and a lot
of that is gained through generosity.  You will get those people who bring
you halfway across the world, and then stiff you on any donation, and never
hear from them again, but that's few and far between for someone who just
regained what is likely hours of experience.

An example: I was sitting in the entrance to Solusek B, trying to get a
group, when I got a /tell from a Monk who was a few levels higher then me.
He had just died in the entrance, and wanted me to resurrect him.  I said,
"Sure thing", and was just about to resurrect him when he said, "Wait a
second, I'm going to save you some mana...someone with a res stick just came
by, and said they'd res me" (For those who don't know, that is the Cleric
Epic weapon, and that resurrection grants more experience then mine)

However, he was very appreciative of my willingness to help him.  In fact,
he asked me if I was in a group and doing anything, and he had rounded up a
group he intended to take to Sebilis.  Instead, we decided to go back into
Solusek B and kill Fire Giants.  We cleared the zone of Fire Giants with our
single group, and the last Fire Giant we killed was Magus Rokyl.  He dropped
a Polished Mithril Mask, which is 5 AC, 7 WIS and 7 INT.  It was All/All.
So, expecting a roll, I was surprised and happy when the Monk and the group
said, "Go ahead and take that, it's yours"

Generosity does pay off, don't be discouraged. =)

--

Seth




