From 8458544539907555800
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d94b495f06be95d8
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-02-04 02:46:36 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!crtntx1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!pd7cy1no!shaw.ca!pd7tw3no.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
X-Trace-PostClient-IP: 24.78.203.172
From: Ben Sisson <ilkhanikeDIESPAM@yahoo.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Some Behemoth Questions
Message-ID: <6ch120t7rbuep1ie0mp1lienf7bk306h3s@4ax.com>
References: <1021gfqolsmhf6@news.supernews.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.553
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 104
Date: Wed, 04 Feb 2004 10:46:36 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.66.94.143
X-Complaints-To: abuse@shaw.ca
X-Trace: pd7tw3no 1075891596 24.66.94.143 (Wed, 04 Feb 2004 03:46:36 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 04 Feb 2004 03:46:36 MST
Organization: Shaw Residential Internet
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17862

From the shadows, the mysterious Jazz <jshaw@stny.rr.com> (if that IS
his real name) conspiratorially whispered:

>Last night I got in on an "open" pickup raid for Behemoth. (Yes, yes, 
>yes, I already know, "pickup raids r teh suxxorz, kk?" but when you're 
>not in a raiding guild and want all your flags, you try what you have to 
>try.)

Hey it could be worse... on test Behemoth dies perhaps once or twice a
month or so, and they aren't always open raids... and tier 2 boss mobs
and higher have only been done by two groups and NONE of those raids
are open.


>First, the gnome. Numerous people were yelling "Don't hail the gnome 
>twice!"  Why and how does this work?

After winning a fight the mob (gnome in this case) gives (for most
raids) 72 flags, a flag per hail and it doesn't check to see if you
already have it. That's enough for everyone in a raid as long as no
one hails more than once.

On test one of the orgs this week put in a new rule, anyone caught
hailing a projection three or more times is subject to removal. Spam
hailing is selfish and rude.


>Next, resists. From the days back when I used to raid, I have a mediocre 
>set of resist gear, and with that stuff and my self buffs, I can get all 
>my resists up around 150.

All of Behemoth's effects have a -150 modifier at minimum (two are
-300 and one is unresistable). For the typical raider who needs
Behemoth, its just not going to matter much, he's gonna getcha with
it, so hope your dps is high enough to kill him before he kills you.


>Behe's AOE's aren't line of sight?

PoI is an outdoor zone.


> Should our 
>raid leader have kept all the skirts out at some greater distance until 
>the MA had established aggro? (He never did last night. Gave the call to 
>engage too soon, I guess, and behemoth was all over the raid force.)

None of the groups I have gone with have bothered with an MT.
Behemoth's melee is rather insignificant compared to his AE effects.
When I've gone, the healers were spread around and told to keep as
many people alive as they could, with only a small cheal chain if any.


>We had seventy freaking people with an averag level of 61.  I thought it 
>was going to be a zerg overkill and was really shocked when we wiped 
>with Behe at 19%.

Behemoth is the hardest of the first tier bosses (well, other than
Briarly's favorite...). For a raid composed mostly of people who
actually need the flag, he's very difficult. The fight lasts 90
seconds, maybe two minutes at the very most. If you haven't won by
then, you've lost.

>
>I like to be knowledgable about any raid I'm going on. I'll be doing a 
>search today myself, but if you know of any good online resources with 
>strats about this raid, I'd love to read up on it.

I lost my Behemoth guide. But paraphrased, the way we have done it,
four task forces at the corners protecting the entrances to MB's room.
Also an enchanter or two (the more the better) with each force that is
responsible for that corner. On the raid leader's go ahead the task
forces begin killing spiders (the spiders run into Behemoth's room and
explode for a large amount of ae damage, you don't want that). After a
few minutes of this Behemoth becomes targettable. A cautious raid will
send a monk in at that point to check his AE (he has a variety of AEs
he can have) so they know which resists to use, but given few people
on your typical behemoth raid can resist any of them anyways its not a
major concern. Once things are set the raid leader gives the second
word, and the task forces *stop* killing the spiders and the
enchanters take over by mezzing. The spiders are lowish level and
Dazzle works so enchanters can keep this up for a fairly long time if
they know their class - they often need  to be able to keep up to a
dozen or even more spiders under control. The task forces gather at
the two entrances and then at the raid leader's third call they
usually send in the MT to eat the first AE with everyone else
following a few seconds later. Everyone is told full offensive, don't
hold anything back, blow discs on assist, etc. Aggro is not a concern.
Assuming everything goes well, he will die, then everyone has to get
the frick out of the room and save the enchanters (or let them die).
The gnome generally has to be pulled out of the room by a feign class
because the enchanters have stopped mezzing at this point (or they're
all dead, which is rather more common) and the spiders are blowing up
inside the room again. Rez up all the dead flag leeches and yell at a
few people for spam hailing, decide who gets the loot, then send a
monk in to get the corpses of the people who try to get to the loot
but get blown up by more spiders, ae translocate out forgetting the
three people who went linkdead, and finally send a cleric to do rezzes
at the gy for the people who were too stupid to consent the corpse
draggers and missed their flag.

I think I covered everything. Manaetic Behemoth is a cool raid, takes
a lot of people doing a lot of different things. :-)



