From -4714170657932092487
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,394b334747ce0d95
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-10-29 12:39:09 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!nycmny1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!priapus.visi.com!news-out.visi.com!ruti.visi.com!visi.com!ejensen
From: Ed Jensen <ejensen@visi.com>
Subject: Re: PoP
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <Q0Du9.2903$jE1.10259@news-server.bigpond.net.au> <egSu9.8152$Fj6.721016@newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net> <VaYu9.166283$S8.3335917@twister.tampabay.rr.com> <r0sqrusj4kjhkg10dle9c2tbis1rbkivlh@4ax.com> <b%gv9.6883$YJ1.6218105@ruti.visi.com> <gnerrusltjujqf40veth5c5jri7k68g309@4ax.com>
User-Agent: tin/1.5.5-20000605 ("1959") (UNIX) (SunOS/5.8 (sun4u))
Lines: 144
Message-ID: <NlCv9.7402$YJ1.6411314@ruti.visi.com>
Date: Tue, 29 Oct 2002 20:39:09 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.98.98.8
X-Complaints-To: abuse@visi.com
X-Trace: ruti.visi.com 1035923949 209.98.98.8 (Tue, 29 Oct 2002 14:39:09 CST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 29 Oct 2002 14:39:09 CST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:242096

Khosh <test@test.com> wrote:
: No, my opinion is not based on a "gripe", nor is it based on the cost
: of paying players for ports. 
: 
: The fact that Druids/Wizards could make better than decent PP by
: porting people around was an obvious flaw in EQ from day 1. I am
: amazed it took Sony/Verant this long to address the issue.

I'm not convinced PoP/PoK is SOE's attempt to address the issue.

I think it was just an easy way for them to add more content to
the game while affecting current zones the least.

: "Easy
: Money" is not part of the vision. Time and time again Sony/Verant has
: "nerfed" trade-skill items or turn-in quests that allowed players to
: make money with no risk. Porting is no different. In fact you could
: easily argue that it was the easiest "Tradeskill" to master (all you
: need to do is level a druid to 29-34) and the most profitable (no
: material costs).

I tend to agree that Verant doesn't want anyone making platinum
without some risk being involved.  I don't agree with that vision,
but I agree that's what SOE's vision is.

: So the question needs to be asked why did porting for pp grow into
: such a huge part of EQ?
: 
: The answer is simple. Faster Travel. People want to play EQ, not sit
: around waiting for boats or running through huge (mostly empty) zones
: (West Karana for example). People are willing to pay for convenience
: and to save time. This fact turned a cool "class defining" ability and
: a useful utility into a much desired commodity. Thus porting for pp
: was born, and with it the creation of the "dRoOd" class. 

Yeah, I agree, faster travel is a wonderful thing, especially
after you've got some experience under your belt.

I'm amazed SOE didn't address the issue sooner with NPC porters
that could teleport you for some platinum, which I think could
have struck a nice balance between everyone having access to
free ports (which, imho, is bad), and experienced players not
having to deal with the tedium of travel (or finding a PC porter).

: The real victims of the situation are true Druids that have been
: hounded into going anon by port beggars and are forced to live with
: the stigma associated with their class.

Being an FV server fan, which is a server with a low population,
I think I've been pretty immune to this phenomenon, luckily.

: That is total BS. I played a Druid for 51 levels. Prior to Luclin I
: could make more PP per hour porting than I could fighting 30+ other
: people in Rathe Mountains for Hill Giants.

I don't doubt this is a problem on the "regular" servers.  Things
definately are different on the FV server!

: By the time I rounded up a
: couple of paying customers I had medded back the 300 mana it cost for
: the previous group port. It was beyond trivial. It was fun for a
: while, but it felt like cheating. I eventually quit the practice and
: ported for free whenever I had the time.

My buffs have always been free...since level 1.  :)  (I know
buffs aren't ports, but...)

: For tradeskills you need to farm dropped items, or run zone to zone
: buying from lowbies. Failures on combines are always a net loss, and
: as mentioned above Sony/Verant has made sure that tradeskills are not
: profitable. Tradeskills are "nerfed" enough as it is. It would take
: months (maybe even years) selling at grandmaster levels to recoup the
: cost of skilling up. Even the highest level items are barely sold
: above the cost of components.

Tradeskills are such a huge dissapointment in EQ.

: You completely miss the point. It was never the "fault" of the people
: selling the service. The fault lies with the shortsightedness of
: Sony/Verant, and the fact that they failed to realize how important
: fast travel was to the player base. 

I'll agree with that.

: Non-Port travel is extremely tedious in EQ and is not "fun".

Well...I disagree with this, to an extent.  When I was a newbie
(and I still am, in many ways), some traveling was a heart
pounding, blood rushing, adrenalin filled excitement.  What's
around the next corner?  What direction am I heading?  Am I
at the right location and heading the correct way to the next
zone?  Wow!, look at that!  Etc.

Many of those trips that ended up fun, I wouldn't ever have
taken, if an easy port was available.  Sure, people can still
adventure if they want to, but sometimes you have to give them
a shove and force them to do it.

: Why do
: you think so many players despise Druids? Part of it is class envy
: (Druids really are an amazing class), and part of it is the fact that
: paying your local druid was the lesser of two evils. Better than
: wasting 30-45mins travelling, but certainly not a "fun" thing to do.
: There is a HUGE underlying resentment towards druids, because of their
: monopoly on fast travel. (Wizards get off the hook because they were
: broken so long few people played them or whored them out as port
: mules).

I've always thought lots of classes had cool, unique abilities.
I played EQ a long, long time before playing a porting class
and reaching a porting level, and never despired druids and/or
wizards for their ports.  Any more than I would despire clerics
for rez, mages for summoning, enchanters for crack, etc.

That being said, I can see where many people would be resentful.

: I have a 51 Druid on one of my 3 accounts. I have nothing to be
: envious of. Travel was never a problem for me or any of my characters.
: That being said the "flaw" I described above has always been obvious
: to me. Sure I made money porting (until I abandoned the practice long
: before Luclin), but that doesn't mean the system wasn't flawed or that
: I couldn't see it with my own eyes.

Yeah, you make good points, and I agree the system was flawed.
Tedium is bad.  It's one thing to "force" newbies to explore
the world (for which most would be greatful!), but it's another
thing entirely for an experienced player to go through the
tedium of travel (or finding a port) for the millionth time.

: I didn't throw him away. I just don't play him anymore. Want to know
: why? Here's a little hint........I haven't needed a "port-mule" since
: the release of Luclin.
: 
: No one was "nerfed" by the release of PoP or Luclin. Every spell in a
: druids book still works the same as ever (except for Harmany :-/ )
: 
: Only the port-whores have reason to complain, and as stated before, I
: have no sympathy for them.

I do (have sympathy for them), if only because many people may
have otherwise NOT played a druid or a wizard, if they knew
PoP/PoK was going to drastically reduce the value of the ability.

-Ed


