From 7685343167624770632
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5c22540ebb2846ed
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-21 08:52:16 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!cyclone-sf.pbi.net!206.13.28.183!nnrp5-w.sbc.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Brat" <brat@portalofevil.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <laad7.79329$g_3.11063317@typhoon.austin.rr.com> <Scld7.557608$K5.60341144@news1.rdc1.nj.home.com> <nlrbntkj9v40nqupca7u18ihrck0vadsek@4ax.com> <VUqd7.560109$K5.60517636@news1.rdc1.nj.home.com> <MWJd7.285819$T97.32115860@typhoon.nyroc.rr.com> <lGCe7.1011$lZ6.119125@news.pacbell.net> <hESe7.280076$EF2.36028262@typhoon.nyroc.rr.com>
Subject: Re: names names names ... blah blah blah
Lines: 297
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Message-ID: <Msvg7.279192$qv3.56713186@nnrp5-w.sbc.net>
Date: Mon, 20 Aug 2001 15:50:51 -0700
NNTP-Posting-Host: 208.12.125.245
X-Complaints-To: abuse@pacbell.net
X-Trace: nnrp5-w.sbc.net 998409132 208.12.125.245 (Tue, 21 Aug 2001 08:52:12 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 21 Aug 2001 08:52:12 PDT
Organization: SBC Internet Services
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:109874


"dneal1" <macmurrough@hotmail.com> wrote in message
news:hESe7.280076$EF2.36028262@typhoon.nyroc.rr.com...
> Let's show this prehistoric Brat how we do things downtown

Uhhh...yeah...ok. Please show me how you do it "downtown"

What a moron...rofl

> My playing skill has absolutely nothing to do with anything.  I let names
> like Gotta Headache or Abadaz Drooid pass, but if I see Wannaphuk Nitely
> parade by me in-game, I will petition it.

So then by your admission...Matt was right and you were wrong...thanx for
clearing that up.

Wannaphuk Nitely would be more than just breaking the naming policy. It
would be considered vulgar and deserves to be banned. I believe the name
mentioned by Lokari was not vulgar correct? Wasn't that the whole reason
behind this debate? Oooops...guess you kinda screwed up admitting that huh?

> I wouldn't even have to stop what
> I was doing, since I can type the whole petition message between Bashes or
> use NumLock to keep running.  Exactly how does my playing skill relate to
my
> inclination to petition vulgar names?  You said I was grasping at straws,
> well perhaps you can explain what you're doing here.

Now you're back to "vulgar" names...where did it change from
"wantsomedrinks" to being a vulgar name huh sunshine? kind of blows your
entire argument out of the water doesn't it?

NEXT!

> And who says it's "other peoples [error yours] game"?  I am playing,
> therefore it is my game as much as it is any other player's.  Saying I
> should leave vulgar names intact because it's their business and not mine
is
> like saying I should let my next door neighbors keep me awake all night
with
> their stereo because it's not my business. Vulgarity without cause offends
> me, as being kept awake all night would. Both push things on me that
bother
> me and both will be reported to the authorities.

Nobody...and I mean NOBODY ever stated that vulgar names should be allowed
in the game. Your argument is totally weak if based on this assumption.
Vulgar names break more than the naming policy and should be treated with
the utmost intolerance. There is NO argument against that...but now I'm just
repeating myself...just like you are.

> Speaking of the authorities, you should consider that, from the point of
> view of ALL players, EQ is "other peoples [again, error yours] game":
> Verant's. They developed it, they made the rules, and they will enforce
> them. If you cannot handle the concept of rules, you should g0 lo4ck 2
> qu4k3m47ch1ng.  GMs can't be everywhere, and I, for one, will help them
with
> things I think they need to know. These points have already been made; you
> would do well to read threads in which you respond.

Actually...admittedly by Absor at Verant, when asked about why the naming
policy was so strict. He stated that because certain individuals were tieing
up resources that could be better used elsewhere, that they were forced to
make more strict standards. He mentioned that is wasn't their intention to
keep the naming policy strictly related to game immersion from the
beginning, only to keep individuals that were looking for ways to skirt
these policies by pointing out flaws where other users names were concerned
cut off at the knees.

> If you want to give your character a lame or vulgar name, that is your
> right.  Nobody can stop you from physically typing it in, and no one can
> program a perfect name filter, so sooner or later, if you want a bad name,
> you will get it. However, it is the right of any player to petition any
lame
> or vulgar name,

Ah...here's the culprit...and I quote "it is the right of any player to
petition any lame or vulgar name" So you've now appointed yourself judge and
jury of what people think could be lame? Who gives you this right? So if you
think someones name is "lame"  you can petition a GM and make them respond
to you regardless of whether or not it breaks the rules because YOU don't
think it allows you to be completely immersed in the game.

BULLSHIT! That's weak at best!

>including yours, and it is Verant's right to change, ban, or
> otherwise alter any name they feel is inappropriate.

I'll be you if I whine enough about ANYONE'S name in Everquest enough that I
could get the GM to change their name. I could easily make believe that it's
a vulgar word from some obscure foreign language...blah blah blah...etc. It
all comes down to it bother YOU...not others. Let me get back to the
ORIGINAL post that started all of this and let you decide yourself where the
problem of a VULGAR name came into play...

You told wantsomedrinks,  'I've petitioned your name. It's a violation
                          of the naming rules.'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'it is?'

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'oh yes, and then some.'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'who are you?'

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'the person who petitioned your name.'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'why?'

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'because it violates the naming rules.'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'why would u do that?'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'so?'

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'if you have to ask, then you'll never
                          understand the answer. Just don't be
                          surprised if a GM changes it for you soon.'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'why would u want to point me out simply
                          because of my name'

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'you point yourself out with your name.
                          I had nothing to do with that.'

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'meanwhile, you might check the
                          www.everquest.com web site for the rules
                          of the game.'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'I talked to the GM Zrinic about this name
                          yesterday and when I told him the meaning
                          behind it he said it was okay'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'so ure taddling on me beacause u don't like
                           my name?'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'that's very childish'

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'Tattling, not taddling.'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'I don't care how it's spelled'

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'no, childish is deciding that you don't
                          have to follow the same rules as everyone
                          else.'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'I can petiton your name for meaning
                          something in Sandscript that i don't like
                          would u appreciate that'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'so I have no rights to be creative just
                          because u or ure friends got ure name turned
                          down? that's trivial'

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'by all means, if you find my name to be
                          against the rules, petition it. Knock
                          yourself out.'

[I should have pointed out to him that it was unlikely he knew of any
meaning of my name in Sandscript, since he wasn't fluent enough in it
to know that it's actually spelled Sanskrit]

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'no that is very childish. i didn't get a
                          cooky so he can't either?'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'cookie*'

[He caught that one all by himself. I was so *proud* of him!]

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'that is very immature.'

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'I never had a name turned down, because,
                          you see, MY idea of creative involves
                          actually coming up with a name that doesn't
                          violate the rules.'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'why do you care?'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'ure acting like a child. '

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'as I already stated, if you have to ask,
                          you wouldn't understand.'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'i am psychoanalist. try me'

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'Call me a child if you want, but in the
                          end, it is you, not I, who broke the game
                          rules. I was polite enough to tell you that
                          I had done so, as a courtesy.'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'who cares about the rules please?'

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'wow, a shrink who can't spell Tattle. How
                          amusing.'

[Heck, he can't spell "psychoanalyst", for that matter]

You told Wantsomedrinks,  'You don't have to care about the rules, you
                          just have to follow them, like the rest of
                          us. Good bye.'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'ure a kid who petitioned someone because
                          there name didn't meet game specifications'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'LOL'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'ure such a 10 year old.'

Wantsomedrinks tells you, 'ure very dumb.'


Sorry...IMHO this was nothing more than Lokari coming here and patting
herself on the back because she managed to get some kid in trouble because
he didn't understand the naming policy. This sucks...maybe the person could
have handled it better...but Lokari never gave him the chance...she could
have easily sent him a tell saying "hey man...your name is against the
naming policy...you should change it before a GM finds out"

but nooooooooo....instead she petitioned him and then sent him a tell
fucking bragging about what she did...that's just plain CHILDISH.

>You are in this game by
> choice. You know what the rules are. If you violate them, you are the only
> party responsible for your unhappiness at having your violations
corrected.
> Put simply: You are free to give authority the finger, but if you do so,
you
> have absolutely zero -- that's right, not a little, not a lot, but ZERO --
> right to complain if authority grabs your extended finger and breaks it
off.
>
> If you need to think of me as a lamer or an ass-kisser or whatever the
> d00dspeak term for it is, you go right ahead. I will continue to play,
> continue to enjoy myself, and continue to report violations. So will many
> other people.

I don't use "d00dspeak" but I do know that this is a game...children play
games. I try my darndest to enter this game with a childlike attitude and
when people that are playing the game start policing me around because
they're sitting on their asses with a copy of the EULA taped on their
monitor then I must say "fuck you...find something better to do"


> (A small aside: if you DO think of me as a lamer, consider that you have
> chosen to rebel in a fake world where the worst thing that can happen is
you
> don't get to play a game any more. That's pretty lame. Go rebel in the
real
> world. Impress us with your daring and your contempt for authority. We'll
> impress you with the speed and ferocity of our response. Deal?)



>
> Um, check the thread.  I am in the majority.  People do agree and
> understand.

Oh yeah...the same 9 people every week with a different argument are always
considered right because they're stupid enough to agree with each other and
call themselves the majority. When in fact...what happens is you twist
something like Lokari petioning some poor kid because he chose his game name
poorly and then sent him a tell to basically laugh in his face and tell him
he's busted...to defending the universe from people that are using vulgar
names in computer games. Give it a rest cupcake...nobody was defending
vulgar people...nobody was defending criminal behavior...some people (myself
included) just felt she handled it in a shitty way...then came here to gloat
about what she did...where all her little NG buddies patted her on the back
and said "W3 R00L!"

> Rather than an insult, my statement was an attempt to show someone that
his
> method of debate is ineffective.  If I use reason to point out the flaws
in
> someone's argument, the proper response for him is to use reason to point
> out the flaws in MY argument.  "Shove it up your ass" falls far short of
> accomplishing that and indicates that he is either unwilling or unable to
> debate.  If he is unwilling to debate he should not continue.  If he is
> unable to debate I suggest he learn how. Until then, he will make a fool
of
> himself, and you will make a fool of yourself by speaking up for him.
>
> I dare you to come up with a response that's even halfway intelligent.

All my responses have been a level above yours...as yours do nothing but
revolve around the same assumptions. I speak up for ANYONE that I feel is
not being treated fairly. Just as I've stood up for some of the people that
are now bashing Matt for the things he's said. You've all taken his comments
and disected them into a few vulgar words and completely missed his point.
You've made him frustrated and basked in the glory of doing so.

I don't falter that easily...I'll stand toe to toe with you here. Point out
how silly you all are being with your name cop attitudes and keep at it
until you can actually pound it into those cloned little minds of yours that
you're not always right, and the "majority" as you call yourself and your
peers are mistaken, because there is NO right or wrong on this issue, only a
matter of opinion.




