From -8546420597535944562
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4e1ea13bb84f16f0
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-10-07 11:50:41 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews3
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Looking for EverQuest stories for my book...
Date: Mon, 7 Oct 2002 13:25:42 -0500
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 63
Message-ID: <ansjfl01ivb@enews3.newsguy.com>
References: <3DA1C374.8090707@SPAMBLOCKER.istar.NOSPAM.ca>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-684.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:236209

"Robert B. Marks" wrote:
> Something along the lines of "I logged on one day and
> x happened."

Dunno if this is what you're looking for, but this happened to me:

I had just bought the game.  I had created a Dark Elf wizard and spent two
solid days trying to get my graphical issues resolved.  I finally got the
game running, and spent another day running around Neriak trying to figure
out how to leave the place.

Distraught, I left my DE wizard behind and created a halfling druid.  I
started off in Rivervale and was just as confused by that place as I had
been by Neriak.  I knew nothing about the mechanics of the game, and nothing
about what I was even supposed to do.

A high-level druid saw me.  Of her own volition she stopped to say hello and
ask what I was doing.  I told her I was new to the game and trying to figure
out what to do.  She immediately stopped what she was doing and began
showing me around Rivervale.  She took me to the center of town and pointed
out the important merchants.  She pointed out the Priest of Discord to me
and said that I should avoid him at all costs.  She showed me where the
druid guild was and walked me through turning in my beginning note and
getting my first-level spells - even giving me some gold so I could buy them
all.  She talked me through scribing my spells and showed me how to cast
them.  Then she explained the concept of macros and patiently walked me
through setting some up so I could do a quest.  Then she told me how to do
the quest - a simple courier quest that rewarded me with gold and
experience, enough to get me quickly to fifth level.  All the time she was
patient and friendly and encouraging.  I asked her tons of questions and she
helped me out a lot.

At one point she said into the group we'd formed together, "Just sitting
here in Rivervale showing the ropes to a newbie."  Clearly an accidental
message, meant for her guild.  She apologized for calling me a newbie, but I
wasn't the least bit offended, and actually wielded my "newbie" label like a
badge of honor - it was very exciting for me to be a stranger in a strange
land.

Once she had me comfortably settled in, she went off on her own quests.  I
played around with my druid for a bit, then went back to my wizard and
applied the lessons she had taught me to that character.  I got him up to
about level fifteen, then used what I learned from that to make a human
cleric.  The cleric became my main and is now level 60 and still active on
the Drinal server.

To my shame I don't remember the name of the druid that took a couple of
hours out of her game-playing time to help out someone who was new to the
game.  But her example of generosity lingers with me still.  At the very
beginning of my EQ experience I had the best kind of encounter with another
player, one that convinced me early on how good this game could be.  I've
tried to emulate that behavior and tried to be encouraging to new players -
because we were all new once, and being kind to a newbie can lead to a great
gaming experience for everyone.

--
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
High Priest of Rodcet Nife
Drinal server




