From 6535532382635461174
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,657c78cdcf1f34a2,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-12 14:20:31 PST
From: "SlydogSZ" <h00l@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Changing your EQ Character name.. Here is how dont pay for this info
Date: Fri, 12 Apr 2002 15:20:02 -0700
Lines: 62
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2314.1300
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2314.1300
Message-ID: <3cb74cda$1_6@news.nntpserver.com>
Organization: http://www.TeraNews.com - FREE NNTP Access
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!hub1.nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:185705

Changing your EQ Character name & Registration info


This information explains how to change your current Everquest Character
name on any server. These directions are fairly simple, but if you have any
problems, feel free to email me with any questions. Please read through all
of the info before attempting to do this. This method will also alter your
registration information. This doesn't affect your account if you are the
original owner of the account. If you are NOT the original owner of this
account, this WILL still work and this method will change the registering
information to your information! Please follow the rules carefully. You are
not losing any money by doing this.

1.        Go to the Everquest website and Sign up for EQ Legends server.
(You are not losing any money by doing this.) This is also great for seeing
who registered your account if you aren't the original owner. It will ask
you to login and a sign up page will pop up. Half of the sign up form will
be filled in already for you with the person that first registered your
account. Above this information it will state if you aren't the first
register for this account, you can't register for EQ Legends. That
information is false. Verant would love to get paid $40/month instead of $10
a month, anyone can sign up. If the name is the same as yours, keep it the
same, if its different, fill in your name and information and click the sign
up button. You actually just updated your info on your EQ account. (YOU ARE
EVEN ABLE TO TRANSFER BOUGHT CHARACTERS TO YOUR REGISTERED EQ ACCOUNTS!) I
have tested this and I have even called in a junk account of mine and
changed the password. I gave them the info I registered with and they gave
me my password back without having to give the original CD Keys. They use
the last 4-digits of your credit card to verify that the account is yours.

2.        You will receive an email to confirm you email address, simply
follow the directions. You will then get an email saying they are reviewing
your info to see if you will get accepted to the EQ Legends server. Everyone
gets a reply back saying you qualify. Follow the directions and the
character server change form. You can move 1 or all of your characters at no
extra charge to EQ Legends. (YES YOU CAN GO BACK TO YOUR OLD SERVER) Move
the character or character's that you would like to get your name changed.
They will be moved the same day usually. Go on your server that your
character was originally from and either you or a friend on a different
account make a newbie or new character with the same name your character
that got transferred to the other server with. Example: You transfer
character X from server Tallon to the Legends server. Make a new character
on Tallon named just like character X. You name is taken now, simply go to
your billing on the Everquest sign in screen and press cancel account, which
makes it so you wont get billed every month. (You aren't destroying your
account; you are only canceling your Legends service.) Send an email to
EQLegends email address found on the Everquest website and say you wish to
go back to your old server. They will reply and say they put your name in
the files to be switched back to your original server. When you are switched
back you will arrive in game with your same name with an "x" at the end.
Example: if your name was Trick, it will now be Trickx. Simply petition
saying you got switched back to Rallos and your name was taken, they will
ask you what you would like for your new name and Walla.its changed.

This method works! If you are wondering about the money you registered with
for Legends, which is going towards your standard billing of $10. You lost
nothing. It takes a little bit of your time, but in the end you have a new
rep and it beats leveling up a new character or signing on everyday
disliking your name. Enjoy!





