From -2239852983457133238
X-Google-Thread: fb739,330043c45af10a3f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!newsfeed.earthlink.net!sjc1.usenetserver.com!news.usenetserver.com!feed.news.sonic.net!typhoon.sonic.net!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
From: Foxeye Vaeltaja <foxeye@EEKSPAM.com>
X-X-Sender: vaeltaja@bolt.sonic.net
Subject: EQ2 tradeskills - if you are curious
Message-ID: <Pine.LNX.4.58.0408090924080.2387@bolt.sonic.net>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
Lines: 85
Date: Mon, 09 Aug 2004 16:43:44 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 208.201.242.18
X-Complaints-To: abuse@sonic.net
X-Trace: typhoon.sonic.net 1092069824 208.201.242.18 (Mon, 09 Aug 2004 09:43:44 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 09 Aug 2004 09:43:44 PDT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:12787


Information about the near-final version of EQ2 tradeskilling system is
starting to come out.  We've known for some time that they intend it to be
a very dynamic system, but it hasn't been shown during the recent videos
and various PR stunts because, I assume, it was still a WIP.  And I was
right, as the crafting class setup has adjusted.

It used to be:  Blacksmiths, Crafters, Alchemist, and Sages

Now it is:

Outfitters:
	- Weaponsmith
	- Tailor
	- Armorer
Scholar:
	- Jeweler
	- Alchemist (
	- Sage (modify spells to make them stronger)
Crafter:
	- Provisioner (baker/brewer)
	- Woodworker (not sure what this one is...)
	- Carpenter (furniture makin' man for de houses!)


A much more logical tree, if you ask me...instead of seperating the types
of crafters by materials alone, they seperate them by the people who would
do it.  IE, those who are heavy adventurers are most likely to want to be
able to make weapons AND armor, so they start as outfitters with a clear
conscience.  Mages and maybe priests would of course be interested in the
Sage, but also are inclined to enjoy the benefits of jewelcraft and
alchemy. And those who want to be pure artisans who futz around their
instanced homes and socialize will gravitate towards culinary arts or
furniture making.

I definitely got a sort of HOrizons deja vu when I saw it though. :)

What I don't know for certain is if, say, an armorer retains some basic
weaponsmithing skills.  I'm assuming so, because the basic Outfitter class
would have to have all abilities that you specialize into, and they've
said you never *lose* abilities.  So a tailor can make low-end armor, and
a sage can make easier jewelry, etc.

Another bit of new information (that I was unaware of), there will be
"resources" much like there are in Horizons.  IE, you are trotting down
the road and there will be a tree that can be cut down for use by the
carpenter, a berry bush for making a pie, etc.  The interesting thing is
that ADVENTURERS get the resource gathering skills (I can't remember if
craftsfolk do as well, but I assume they do), and those skills go up as
you level *as an adventurer*.  Ergo, while the crafts folk will have the
gear the adventurers want to buy, it is the adventurers who have both the
skills to gather rare materials, and the ability to make it through hordes
of monsters to get said material.   It also provides another activity for
adventurers to do.  If you are tired of hack 'n slash and want to
explore...well, lets go see if we can't find ourselves a nice vein of gold
in them thar hills...

Whew, there went that Horizon's deja vu flash again. :) BUt it is a good
flash, because Horizons has the best crafting system yet, imho.

Where it differs is the good old "dynamic" system.  Like Horizons you get
XP for completing a recipe, which causes you to eventually "level" in your
crafting class. Unlike horizons, you don't just click a button and the
product is made, but you have to use "crafting arts" to respond to
unexpected problems, etc. etc. I can't give specifics because I haven't
played it, but basically, it is the same system as the combat uses...you
against the forge/oven/loom/etc.

Honestly, if they don't fix the poor fugly Kerra, thus keeping my husband
from playing and me from being a sexy little Iksar Templar...I think I'll
be able to play EQ2 just fine as Foxeye the Tailor (or Sage...I could
pretend she is a storywriter, thus giving me an excuse to get around to
making an EQ-relatd webcomic). I'm enjoying just crafting in Horizons, and
EQ2 will probably do it even better.

Poor Horizons though...EQ2 is edging in on their niche. :(


~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*

Jerelyn Foxeye Vaeltaja 		65 Forest Stalker (Xev) - retired
Character Portrait Artist		http://www.the-luggage.com
http://www.foxeye-art.com		5 Kinetic/Psych Defender (Virtue)




