From 2127054935079292508
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,769f0bc339d7c7c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-10 04:45:10 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!crtntx1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!newsfeed3.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!border1.nntp.sjc.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.sjc.giganews.com!nntp.comcast.com!news.comcast.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 10 Mar 2004 06:45:08 -0600
From: "Runelord" <a@b.c>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Patch Message march 10
Date: Wed, 10 Mar 2004 06:45:01 -0600
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <5OGdnYqI_ohIkNLdRVn-vA@comcast.com>
Lines: 157
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.15.34.97
X-Trace: sv3-4rZ8ib1eMiNayGxsgkWJB5LVXZvD+Ju9AvakKsnARIXqyKdSlJVWMLV1aIcypr6xscUjI66g4++iDj4!4tpiot0tI+6FM4QfQkqR6SD0o3ePLcm6RWyCVNA9o8Tp2d8JPJTx19ShY6w=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:22878

March 10th, 2004
------------------------


Headlines
------------------------
Combines work again!
Melee Part II!
A new story has been added to your storybook!


The grammar police have invaded EQ and they have made many minor spell, item
and quest text fixes that are too numerous to list here.

We'd like to thank all of the players that took time to provide feedback
regarding the melee changes.  We'd also like to send a special thanks to all
of the players that helped us test the additions on the Test and Beta
servers. All of the input we received helped to shape the improvements
you've seen in the melee classes.

Please continue to give your feedback on the melee system or anything else
that you feel requires attention. It does make a difference.

Over the last several months there have been several new additions to
EverQuest aimed at increasing the desirability and relative power of pure
melee classes.

- Discipline timers were revamped, allowing greater freedom and frequency of
use.
- Endurance bar was added as a limited resource to power melee abilities and
disciplines.
- Warriors received an innate 5 percent increase in their ability to absorb
damage.
- Warriors received the Incite line of abilities, giving them a new tool for
aggro management.
- Monks received the Phantom Call line of abilities, giving them a new tool
for pulling.
- Several new disciplines were introduced for all three classes.

The endurance system and the separation of the discipline timers have
provided us with new tools to add interesting and powerful abilities in the
future for melee classes.  You can count on seeing new disciplines and
abilities as the game progresses and as situations arise that require new
abilities to effectively balance class power.  We will continue to evaluate
the melee system for both balance and enjoyment.

We will also continue to review and make changes to each individual class as
needed.  Class balance is an important part of any multiplayer game and
requires constant attention.

Thanks for helping make EverQuest a great game.


Items
------------------------
We have replaced the spell-like effects on items which produced the
following effects: Attack, HP Regen, Mana Regen, Haste and Damage Shield
with actual statistics.  The effects on the item have not changed they are
just set up in a new way that we hope will allow for more item functionality
in the future.
Several Gates smithed weapons have had their damage and delay adjusted to be
more in line with the difficulty in crafting them.
The Copper Hammer of Striking will no longer proc for wielders below level
50.
The Wailing Coral Staff is now two handed blunt.
Bolas are now one-handed projectile rather than ammo.
Bola ranges have been adjusted slightly.
All bolas that can proc will now do so.
All items that had the "Cleave" series of effects removed, have had them
returned.

The drop rate for the following Epic Quest items has been increased
slightly:

- Essence of a Vampire
- Decrepit Hide
- Staff of Elemental Mastery (earth)


Expedition zones
-------------------------
You will now have to wait 5 minutes before you are able to accept another
expedition zone.


Tradeskills
-------------------------
In order to correct many of the issues with the new tradeskill interface it
was necessary to remove all learned and favorite recipes.  However the
system should now work better overall.
The sell prices for Saltwater Tuna and Saltwater crab, as well as the price
for any item made from them, have been reduced.
Rainbow Trout should now be tradeable.
If you are not a gnome, you should no longer be able to tinker with a deluxe
toolkit kit.  If you are a gnome, please tinker away.
You should now be able to properly search for recipes.
The trivial level for brewing Fish Wine has been adjusted.


Berserkers
-------------------------
Some berserker abilities have had their endurance cost changed.
The duration of Confusing Strike has been reduced.
Berserkers should no longer be told that they can bash at level 6.
The berserker guildmaster in the Plane of Knowledge has been taught throwing
and parry and is ready to train berserkers in their use.


Spells
-------------------------
Some Gates of Discord spells should now drop a little more often.
Several heal spells for Gates of Discord have been modified slightly.
The shadow knight Ancient Spell: Bite of Chaos should now work as intended.


NPC's
-------------------------
Hierophant Granix should now give the correct text in Cabilis.
Trimdet Trueheart in Abysmal Sea is less of a snob and should now speak with
you correctly.
If you tell Brevik Kalaner in Abysmal what items you [need back], he will
return to you any items you've just given him.


Tribute
-------------------------
A few items have had their tribute value adjusted.
Gift of the Enchanters should now work correctly.
You should no longer be able to donate containers with items inside for
favor.
Persistent Boon should now give the proper effect.


Alternate Advancement
-------------------------
Dire Charm will no longer reset after being resisted as the ability was
successfully initiated.
Dire Charm should now reset when used on an NPC that is too high in level.


Miscellaneous
-------------------------
Corrected a faction issue with the wizard epic.
The monk "Phantom" line of abilities should no longer be resisted in the
level 65 "hard" LDoN Adventures.
The rogue's "Assassin's Strike" skill line ability will be re-introduced
with the next update.
The Shining Bloodstone will now be restricted to 2-handed weapons. Any who
have placed this augmentation in a 1-handed weapon will find the
augmentation on their cursor when they log in. If you find that you have no
practical use for the 2-handed augmentation, please petition and a suitable
1-handed replacement will be made available to you.


- The EverQuest Team




