From -97142836172044345
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c005ae76421eaf45,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!border2.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!elnk-atl-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!cyclone.tampabay.rr.com!news-post.tampabay.rr.com!tornado.tampabay.rr.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Dick Correa" <whoisit@r2d2.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: BETA: What does it mean?
Lines: 100
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
Message-ID: <yUtcd.16580$vZ5.4322@tornado.tampabay.rr.com>
Date: Sun, 17 Oct 2004 12:50:38 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.73.111.82
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: tornado.tampabay.rr.com 1098017438 24.73.111.82 (Sun, 17 Oct 2004 08:50:38 EDT) 
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 17 Oct 2004 08:50:38 EDT
Organization: Road Runner High Speed Online http://www.rr.com
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:19593

Thats a good question actually.  I can only give you my perspective as a 
programmer of 20 years.  I have worked on very large projects, and very 
small ones.  There are two that I have worked on that were much bigger than 
EQ II.  I worked for a government contractor, ANSER, and we developed models 
for the Air Force.  I also worked on a very large project in conjunction 
with Motorola for the Baltimore County Public Safty systems.  Fire, Police, 
EMS, Dispatch.  The following is a list of phases of each project and 
contingencies for each phase.

Phase I:
    Is a design phase.  Normally the end users, a systems designers, and 
hopefully, the programmers all get together and lay out how the project 
should work.  This takes an extremely long time and is very painful. 
However, if you have a good SDD (Systems Design Document) then your project 
should run smoothly.  Although not set in stone, once this phase of the 
project is finished, any revisits should be minimal and should NEVER cut to 
the core of the project.

Phase II:
    Is a programming/data/tool phase.  All the programmer and database 
people get together and decide how they are going to approach the project. 
They decide on a set of tasks, what tools they need either bought or built, 
and a very very rough time line is given.  Tasks are assigned and work is 
started.  At this point if reality gets in the way of the design, all work 
is stopped, and back to Phase I.  I will say that if you have a good design 
with the right people involved this should not happen.  In the real world, 
it always happens.

Phase III:
    Programming is finished, we have run a little data through the 
application and the building didn't burn down.  We are ready for some 
internal testing.  Flesh out the bugs.  This is usually called Alpha.  At 
this point, if we run across a design problem, then we are in deep doodoo. 
We have been using tools, using data, that have been geared toward a 
specific design.  Phase I and Phase II should have taken care of design 
problems.  If we have to go back, most everything has to be looked at, new 
tools, new data structures etc etc...

Phase IV:
    We have found what bugs we can internally, it is now time to let the 
unwashed in and have them beat up the application.  Slowly!! This is usually 
called Beta.  It means, we are done except for some tweakage, and barring a 
major catastrophe, we should be ready for live load testing very soon.  This 
is where Sony got confused. Sony let outside people in during Phase II not 
here in Phase IV.  How do I know this?

    1. Bazaar was not implemented until recently.  Why not?  As a developer 
I want it all tested at once.  You don't phase in pieces during beta, you 
bring the entire application up and let the chips fall where they may.

    2. There was not one crafting quest.  We were promised them. Where were 
they?  They were not there because crafting was not done.  It is the only 
logical reason.  If you want to test the software in Phase II you need data. 
Some of the data in this case is the quests for crafting.  There were no 
quests, ergo, no crafting.

    3. The upper level zones were not finished.  Sony did not figure on how 
fast people would level.  There were no 30 - 40 zones until half way through 
what Sony calls beta.  Although this is not a big deal since it is not a 
design problem, it is an indication of the mind set. "Lets just get it up 
and running we will work out the details later".

    Points one and two are bad.  What should have happened here is that all 
testing should have stopped.  Gone back to Phase I, taken a look at where 
they were, taken some more time, and tried beta later on.
There is a basic problem with giving the application to the outside world. 
You lose control.  Internally you talk to each other, you work out the 
problems.  But once you let it out, you lose all that intreraction and it is 
a formula for failure.

    A very good example of why you should never design in beta.  Bazaar was 
implemented.  In order to sell, you enter your apartment, add your items to 
a "bulletin board" and then you were ready for selling.  We could not enter 
our apartments.  They added a new feature, and it affected entry into your 
apartment.  Why should bazaar, make it so you can't enter you apartment? 
Who knows?  We are not in Phase II, we are in Phase IV and have no way of 
asking the end user what happened.  They fixed it.  Of course.  But my point 
is, it should have never have happened.  All of this would have shown up in 
Phase II  and III if the application had been finished.

My point is this.  The application is not done.  They are kludging and 
piecing it together on the fly.  This causes bugs, bad design decisions, and 
inevitably the death of the software.  Granted, they did this before to a 
smaller degree in EQ, but there is one HUGE difference.  Five years ago how 
many MMOGs were there that we could turn to?  Lets see... there was UO, and 
uh.. well... ummm.. I'm sure there were otheres but I don't know them.  Now! 
How many are there?  If EQ II has design as well as implementation problems 
this time, Theres WoW, DAoC, 12 months away Vanguard and many many others. 
Just ask Horizons what it is like to design on the fly and to release early.

Woops... Forgot about the last phase!

Phase V:
    Usually called cutover, or golden.  Software is done, no more 20 hour 
days, we all go to the Bahamas for a well deserved vacation and let 
distribution handle it.  YAHOO!!!

Dick.... 




