From 5421764946310329335
X-Google-Thread: 101711,98835518b987c8bd
X-Google-Thread: fb739,98835518b987c8bd
X-Google-Attributes: gid101711,gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.comcast.com!news.comcast.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 21 Dec 2004 02:43:47 -0600
Date: Tue, 21 Dec 2004 03:43:50 -0500
From: Michael <NOSPAM_Lin_mukai@comcast.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla Thunderbird 1.0 (Windows/20041206)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.warcraft,alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: WoW vs. EQ2
References: <Xns95C5E80AB74042galopagosterrapincy@199.45.49.11>
In-Reply-To: <Xns95C5E80AB74042galopagosterrapincy@199.45.49.11>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <JLqdncQcd-zef1rcRVn-ig@comcast.com>
Lines: 160
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.96.95.162
X-Trace: sv3-zsIezYcpshQ3kM3IN7BBOW0VQJ7Fs0gNkys5X6TN5uEFu4I6OisDNkr6lNvizfAUhLlcOwr0/RtaePf!JIdTsmrGYOoAUAAbTyBpIbctiZrmDkWXYEHYdICgwZmTeeGL//Qp2T/oC4J9
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.warcraft:3121 alt.games.everquest:27427

Cyde Weys wrote:
>     	I'm not trying to start a flamewar, guys.  I'm simply looking at 
> which one I want to start playing over Winter Break, because I don't have 
> the time (nor money) to devote to both, so I want to pick one and stick 
> with it.  That said, the general consensus from reviews is that WoW is a 
> better game.  I played EverQuest 1 for awhile, and I eventually got bored 
> of it at level 52 and stopped playing.  But at least I know what I'm 
> getting with that route.  On the other hand, I've loved all of Blizzard's 
> games and I'm confident that they didn't mess it up with this one.  So, now 
> I'm turning it over to the players ... which do you think is better, WoW or 
> EQ2, and why?
> 

In EQ I think I liked the 50's the least of any level range although at 
mid 50's I found that I could handle tier one Planes and my first 
experiences there were fun. But in the end at those levels people just 
camp near the zone entrances and single pull mobs and it gets old fast. 
But I am finding the 60's to be much more fun again with lots of cool 
places to go and more interesting and challenging fights to be had. The 
OOW zones I've seen so far have been fun with awesome drops. I'm an LDoN 
fan too, although not nearly so much as some folks are. From 60-70 
there's quite a bit of new content to see with the Planes, GoD and OOW, 
not to mention the high level Luclin zones. You might want to think 
about grinding that character you have in EQ through the 50's in the 
tier one planes where the xp is good and the levels aren't too painful 
to aquire and see the high end game in EQ. Personally, I think it is a 
lot of fun so far for my level 65 Cleric. I want to bring a Beastlord, 
Enchanter, Druid, Shammy and maybe Warrior up to the high end game in 
time to as they play so differently and I think I'd find their roles in 
the game to be a lot of fun. It's nice too how in particular the 
Beastlord and Druid are very good for soloing. I enjoy grouping a lot 
and raids too sometimes (not a die hard there) but it's very cool to be 
able to head out on your own when you feel like it and yet still be in a 
world with other players running around.

Leaving EverQuest at 52 you really haven't experienced a great deal of 
what the game has to offer, particularly what I personally think are the 
most fun parts of it. But that's just my two coppers for you to consider.

Getting back to your original question though, I haven't played either 
WoW or EQ2 yet myself. Like you, I've been reading the reviews trying to 
ascertain which one I'd like best. Because I enjoy EverQuest so much, 
leaning towards that game with it's shared lore, races, classes, etc. 
certainly has its appeal. And maybe you are thinking the same thing to 
some extent where you are coming from EQ. On the other hand, it is 
really quite a different game as I know you've read too.

There are some things that I have read about EQ2 that I am not happy 
about. I don't like that you can't buff people outside the group. I 
don't like that people soloing cannot get buffs from others to help them 
out. I appreciate what they were trying to do regarding KSing, but I 
never had all that much problem with it myself and so I don't like the 
fact that you have to break an encounter and lose out on the xp to help 
somebody or be helped. I also don't like what I have been hearing about 
soloing in the game. It sounds like soloing is no longer a viable way to 
xp for any class and I think that sucks. I've heard conflicting reports 
about how you can do it and you can't but the overall impression I have 
is that if you like to be able to solo, EQ2 is not your game. Again, as 
I said above, I like grouping and to a lesser extent raiding. But I also 
want a game where I can solo when I feel like it either just for fun or 
because there isn't a lot of people on at some of the odd hours I play 
or whatever. I personally do not appreciate a game that tries to coerce 
players into any particular way of playing. I think it's much better to 
offer players the option to experience the world in any way they choose. 
I think that makes any given game more fun for the widest possible audience.

On the other hand, in its favor the world of EQ2 is said to be gorgeous. 
The character customization is excellent. The quests are supposed to be 
a huge improvement over EQ1 and with good rewards for your efforts. The 
tradeskill system sounds very cool. The new feature, I forget what it's 
called, that allows groups to chain effects/attacks sounds very cool. 
And for the player who loves EverQuest and Norrath as I do, the allure 
of exploring the world 500 years later and getting into the continuing 
story of it is strong. I like what SOE did with the Web and community 
support for the game too with Station Players although it irks me they 
are charging for it. But it isn't that much and I will likely spring for 
it as it would be very cool to basically have Magelo and Alla features 
all integrated along with guild chat outside the game, etc. I'd like to 
see Blizzard do something similar for WoW. I think that would be the 
icing on the WoW cake at the present time. So that's my current 
impressions of EQ2 as someone who hasn't taken the plunge yet either.

But I will tell you, that on that basis I have bought and installed the 
game. I have an All Access Pass account so I can continue to play EQ, 
Planetside and now EQ2 all for 22 bucks a month. I think that's a really 
good deal myself and because I am lucky enough to have a lot of playtime 
with the kind of work I do and I can play the three of them.

Having said that, I have decided that I am going to try WoW too though. 
I've read what you have and my impression is that basically, WoW 
represents the current state of the art in MMORPGs. The world, while 
leaning a little more towards being less "lifelike" is said to be 
absolutely beautiful and the art direction extremely well done with the 
added benefit of color schemes that tend to identify areas as you come 
and go. It's also a little less hardware intensive than EQ2 and that for 
many is a very good thing. The questing in the game is said to be truly 
outstanding and lots of fun. It has the appeal of offering a new and 
unique world rich with lore for those who appreciate such things and I 
personally do. I never played the Warcraft games as I have never liked 
RTS games myself. So Azeroth would be all new to me.

It seems to me like Blizzard took a very careful look at what is fun in 
MMORPGs and what is not and did their best to fully develop the fun 
stuff and remove or minimize as much as possible the warts of the genre 
to date. And from everything I have been reading they have largely 
pulled it off in WoW. This is really impressive and the exciting thing 
is that this is the original game that years from now, will be WoW 
Classic or whatever. Imagine how WoW is going to grow over time? The 
game is starting off so well with nowhere to go but up in the hands of a 
company that has proved over and over again they know how to craft 
excellent games.

I know you posted this because you're probably in a quandry where for 
various personal reasons they both appeal to you in different ways. With 
that in mind I'll give you my advice for what it's worth to consider. 
You should in time try them both if you can and see for yourself where 
the most fun and enjoyment for you is. But that isn't possible right now 
from what you said. Given that, as much as I personally love EverQuest 
and the world of Norrath myself and would go for EQ2 if I could only 
play one game, I think you should go out and get WoW and play it. Where 
you don't seem to me to be in love with the world of EQ per se, it makes 
sense for you to choose the very best the genre has to offer and today 
that game really appears to be WoW from everything I can tell. Granted, 
I cannot speak from play experience as hopefully other posters to follow 
will, but that is my take as someone who's also been studying the choice 
between them as you have.

I'll tell you something else that I think WoW has done right and that I 
hope to see implemented in every MMORPG in time. They have made it so 
casual players can still make meaningful and fun progress in the game 
with their rest system or feature. I won't bother describing that as I'm 
sure you must have read about it already too. If I had to pick one 
single thing they did to move the genre forward, that would be it. I 
think it's fantastic how they came up with that. It opens the door to 
this kind of gaming experience to lots of people who just don't have the 
kind of playtime a MMORPG has required up until now to really get 
anywhere in the game. Hat's off to Blizzard on that one. I hope we see 
here what we've seen in the past when one company develops a killer 
feature for a game and others follow suit with thier future releases. I 
hope all MMORPGs implement something like this. It would be to their 
benefit to do so as it opens up the games to more people and that means 
more subscriptions for them. It also means more people in the gameworlds 
for us, although that certainly isn't any problem in EQ2 or WoW these 
days but it would be a boon to other games with lesser populations in my 
opinion. If I could only pick one single thing that WoW brings to the 
table to distinguish itself from all the others out there, that would be it.

In fact because of this feature, I may well play WoW in addition to my 
other games just because it will let me do so casually and still feel 
like I am accomplishing something from week to week.

Sorry that's kind of long but I wanted to offer you the best answer I could.


-- 
Get Thunderbird - Reclaim Your Inbox
http://www.mozilla.org/products/thunderbird/

Get Firefox! - The Browser You Can Trust
http://www.mozilla.org/products/firefox/


