From -7518698715359354854
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7ba9c89153c855e6,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!news-feed01.roc.ny.frontiernet.net!nntp.frontiernet.net!nntp.giganews.com.MISMATCH!border1.nntp.ash.giganews.com!border2.nntp.ash.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!cyclone1.gnilink.net!spamkiller.gnilink.net!gnilink.net!nwrddc03.gnilink.net.POSTED!5276a816!not-for-mail
From: "Lurker" <lurking@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: A day in the life of an MMO player
Lines: 101
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <mAaoc.63319$sK3.57043@nwrddc03.gnilink.net>
Date: Tue, 11 May 2004 20:20:34 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 4.60.51.89
X-Complaints-To: abuse@verizon.net
X-Trace: nwrddc03.gnilink.net 1084306834 4.60.51.89 (Tue, 11 May 2004 16:20:34 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 11 May 2004 16:20:34 EDT
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:1782

The clatter of a keyboard being assaulted was being drowned out by the
pounding drums, raging guitars and irate vocalist blasting out the speakers
of the sound system Doug had attached to the computer. Matching the ferocity
of the song, Doug was in a rage of his own hammering out a reply to a
particularly bitchy member of the internet message board he visits on a
daily basis.



If not for the fact Doug lived in a rented trailer at least 150 yards up the
hillside from his closest neighbor (and landlord) there would be a few more
people besides one angry singer screaming in his ears at this hour. But as
it was, the only other ears to annoy around these parts were the coyotes and
snakes with which Doug shared the land.



Hunched over his desk Doug was surrounded by the trappings of a computer
junkie. Paper plates were piled up in the far left corner of his desk
spotted with old ketchup and grease stains with a collection of chicken
bones and candy wrappers sitting in an old KFC box acting like some sort of
paper plate paper weight. Next to the plates stood The Cup Tower, a monument
to this bachelors belief that there was no use worrying about dishes when
all your cup and bowl needs could be met with an everyday 16oz red plastic
disposable cup - whether it was a chocolate milk binge or just a bowl of
frosted flakes the cups would serve their purpose.



In the center stood his monitor surrounded by his computer speakers which
were buried under a pile of game manuals and CDs. Behind him against the
wall were a score of empty boxes for various games and add-on packs or
computer hardware, piles of sweatpants and underwear and some old local
newspapers with the classified sections removed only to be found in a
another long forgotten pile to the left of his office chair.



But Doug couldn't be bothered to pay too much attention to the chaos he has
built around himself, he was too busy living out his fantasies as a smartass
little gnome who was but one of thousands of players of the Online internet
based game called Glory Bound - or simply GB as those in the game referred
to it. This was much more than a simple game to Doug though, over the last 5
years it ever so slowly began to consume his 'real life' and over time had
finally become his only real driving force for getting out of bed in the
morning.. or afternoon.. or evening.. or 8-10 hours after whatever time it
was he had finally stumbled off too bed after a long day of fending off
hoards of monsters in the Kingdom of Nobath.



The typing came to an immediate halt. Sitting with his head in his hands
Doug sat staring at his spacebar for a few seconds before realizing his
music was much too loud to get any thinking done and put it on pause for the
time being. After another 15 seconds he resigned himself to the fact he was
going to have to go digging around in The Abyss - the furthest reaches
behind his desk where things may fall, but never return. Rolling his eyes he
lifted himself from his chair for the first time in 5 hours and let out a
tired grunting sigh as he eased his bones into an upright position.



Gently sliding his monitor to the side so as not to disturb The Cup Tower he
made enough room to reach back into the Abyss and go fumbling around for the
object he was looking for.  Lying on his belly across the desk he lowered
his arm into the darkness that lay waiting behind the desk. Fumbling his
fingers around he pushed aside papers and napkins what felt like an old sock
and finally found what he was looking for, sweating and feeling a bit light
headed he raised himself back up in a huff, accidentally knocking The Cup
Tower back into the abyss, forever.



After Sitting back down in his chair and moving his monitor back into
position he looked at the book he retrieved and peeled from the back cover a
syrupy old plastic knife that he probably once used for some Eggo Waffles a
month or ten ago. Licking his thumb he wiped away the rest of the syrup
residue and blew dust off the cover that had settled while he was moving
stuff around trying to get to the book he used almost daily on his romps
around various message boards.



Finally, with the thesaurus in-hand he flipped it open and began to scan the
pages for a few synonyms of a couple words in order to help the post he was
making on the Glory Bound message board seem a bit more well-spoken.



Weighing in at 6 feet 2 inches and 372 pounds, Doug wasn't prone to that
much physical activity and wiped the sweat off his brow as he finished proof
reading his immaculate and sarcastically abrasive retort before hitting the
Submit button which would post the message as a reply for all to see.










