From 388173759146530975
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1e6cdbeab9fd0302,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-06 07:27:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "norm" <jnorman429@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: New interface and Bazaar
Date: Sat, 6 Apr 2002 10:27:34 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <uau4ut77g14h9f@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 97
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:183590

http://everquest.station.sony.com/eqlive/indev.jsp

-------------------------------------------------
State of the Game: The Fabled New Interface
04/05/2002

We'd like to take a moment and talk about two of the features that we wanted
to include with The Shadows of Luclin. The new User Interface for EverQuest
and the player merchant features for the Bazaar.

It's been asked about in Feedback, in game, on the message boards, at Fan
Faires, and it's only fair that we offer an update.


What happened?

It's been said that no battle plan ever survives contact with the enemy.
Over Luclin's development our biggest enemy was time and the battle was
fought over many days, even more late nights, and the occasional bad
analogy.

Toward the end of Luclin's beta testing, we re-evaluated the list of
features that we were planning on having finished. Unfortunately, the
Interface wasn't in a state to where it could have realistically been one of
them. It just needed too much work to be able to do half the cool things
that we wanted it to.

After the expansion was live and the frantic pace slowed down a little, we
took a deeper look at what, exactly, it was that we had on our hands.

To be brutally honest, we didn't much like what we saw.

We decided that it would be best to start over and write a more powerful
system, which would allow us to do more than we had originally planned. What
we really didn't want to do was advertise a fantastic new feature, then
deliver something that fell short of people's expectations. We'd rather take
the time and do it right.

We think it will be worth the wait. We're being a little cautious when
talking about specific features for the interface at this point. While we'd
love to release details of all the features it might contain, we don't want
to leave anyone disappointed if a feature doesn't make it into the release.
(We honestly do try to learn from our mistakes.)


When should we expect it?

EverQuest's interface consists of over 5,000 interface elements spanning 140
screens, tools, and windows. Some may not know this, but GMs and Guides have
their own administrative screens in the EverQuest game client. In addition,
Designers, Artists, and Animators have some of their tools built right in as
well. All of these need to be recreated in the new interface.

Writing a new, solid system and integrating it with that many moving parts
is a large and complicated job. It's compounded by the fact that while doing
this, we need to make sure that we don't break either of the two existing
interfaces. It's definitely an interesting balancing act.

Suffice it to say we have a number of developers and at least one artist
working on this and nothing else.

One of the more common rumors is that we're holding it back to include it as
a feature exclusive to Planes of Power -- That's not going to be the case.

Once it's nearing completion and is good enough to use for the majority of
gameplay, we hope to begin rolling it out to the test server. Barring any
unforeseen complications, that stage will begin sometime in the next few
months.

When it's complete, the new interface will be released to all players as a
standard part of the EverQuest game client.


What about the Bazaar?

The story of the Bazaar follows closely with that of the new interface. As
our production cycle neared its end, we realized that we would not have time
to complete the features properly before the release of Shadows of Luclin.

Because this is a complicated new trade system, rushing this project could
create item and cash bugs (both duplication and loss). So, as with the
interface, we decided that it was best to do it the right way.

The Bazaar will include several new windows and other such things, so
creating the complete Bazaar has to wait until the new interface system is
ready. Completing the Bazaar first would mean developing a number of windows
for the old interface and then repeating the work for the new one.

We hope to have the Bazaar available on Test shortly after the new interface
is live.

We're definitely sorry to keep you waiting for this. We're hoping that by
the time it's finished, you'll agree that it was worth the wait.

- The EverQuest Team




