From 3531619649574836470
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4160328c42aad4ff
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-04-23 11:39:10 PST
Path: newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!nntp.flash.net!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!news2.aus1.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3AE47759.D3356750@yahoo.com>
From: Ardent Avenger <news1reporter@yahoo.com>
Reply-To: SOS
Organization: EQ Newsgroup Supreme Court Justice
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (Win98; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Funny stuff
References: <6je6etcjkkso1ka0c1rpsaq7oah5fpka6o@4ax.com> <te70rdls7j3db0@corp.supernews.com> <3AE43952.21699BF4@yahoo.com> <qjYE6.2452$5t3.179321@newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net> <te8roe3l1gp5e8@corp.supernews.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 128
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 23 Apr 2001 13:38:54 CDT
X-Trace: sv3-f5oqJyhohUroqwTsbX0k0uHLc7Tftj3ymUpa+q13yjy3JSmDL1AGvmh44p5PJw9OzowKLxXFqZ3Zh9o!ZCgSFezES6n4iYalokTDUCKCEDoifsVLIam5VqBjZ1sGqD4=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@GigaNews.Com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@giganews.com
X-Abuse-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
Date: Mon, 23 Apr 2001 18:38:54 GMT
Xref: newsfeed.google.com alt.games.everquest:68259

Oh, look what I found.

hat does not mean you can't refer the harassment of your newsgroup to 
responsible individuals, like kevin@kesmai.com 

Kevin Higgins is the customer service manager. Become a customer by 
taking 
their 
90-day free offer, so you can complain. Maybe he will send you a form 
letter, 
saying that Kesmai and Gamestorm cannot control the content of internet 
newsgroups.

In a reply to Oopsy, you asked:

>> Are you trying to destroy this news group?<<

It sure took you long enough to come to that conclusion. I have watched 
the 
antics of the exclusive, elitist Big Week clique for the last six 
months. It 
has been their practice to invite selected individuals to Big Week for 
the 
sole purpose of flaming them.

The Big Week bunch discusses the content of various newsgroups, and 
selects a 
target. You were the target for the most recent "roast."

They want to create an individual that they can make a fool of, an 
enemy, a 
scapegoat, a butt of their jokes. They tried to do that to me, and it 
backfired on them badly.

Some of the Big Week clique have privately admitted regret to have ever 
started anything with kbear.

In the last six months, they have staged organized attacks on the War 
Birds, 
Desert Fighters, Esprit de Corps, Aces High, Alt.games.air-warrior 
newgroups, 
and a web site called Voting Booths.

Several of the Big Week clique are doing this disruption from their 
employer's facilities, during working hours, using their employer's 
computers, because they are
bored.

Your buddy Brat is the biggest organizer of the attacks, causing 
problems on 
company time.

In the process, they have fouled their own nest, and driven some of the 
more 
valuable members of their own community away. Claiming that their 
targeted 
victims were the cause of the disruption to their newsgroups, they have 
demanded, and gotten a couple of private, uncensored, unmoderated 
newsgroups, 
where they can let their hair down, and post their porno pictures.

The Air Warrior community is a lot older than the Fighter Aces 
community, in 
terms of time of existence, and the chronological age of some of the 
players.

Some of the clique are a bunch of fat-bellied, bald-headed 
techno-geeks, 
trying to act like frat boys. Some are just kids.

And they have a lot of special privileges within the Air Warrior 
community, 
because of the length of time they have associated with each other. 
Some of 
these guys have played together for ten years, and, if you insult one 
of 
them, the whole bunch will pile on YOU.

With its long history, Air Warrior has become established as a cult 
game. The 
clique is far more interested in perpetuating their cult than they are 
in 
helping Kesmai Corporation in widening their commercial base.

Mage is one of the cult leaders. The Big Week clique has their noses 
far up 
Mage's
ass, because he alone can make major changes to the game which benefit 
the 
clique.

I don't see where Mage was behaving like a "brat," on your newsgroup, 
though.

When you attacked Mage, you set yourself up to be attacked by the whole 
Big 
Week rat pack. Even mildly criticizing Mage provokes a rabid response 
from 
his stooges.

Mage is not a bad guy, but if you get into a debate with him, he will 
dismantle your logic, introduce red herrings into the discussion, and 
escalate the debate to the point where it appears that his victim has 
attacked his family members.

And, all the while, his stooges will be poking you from the edges of 
the fray.

And, having attacked Mage, there is no way you would ever be accepted 
in the 
Big Week clique.

If what they say is true, and you are GetSumJ, too, I would say that 
Mage was 
the one who brought his own kids into the flame war.

And you recently made a remark about how you think that you were the 
cause of 
the "bomb" that was dropped on the Big Week newsgroup.

I am sorry, but you are wrong about that. They dropped the "bomb" on 
themselves,
with their own flame wars and attacks on other groups of Air Warrior 
players, 
and they are blaming kbear for that, not Rocket Avenger.

Nobody "wins" a flame war. It will start up where heated emotions 
exist.


