From 4805112877493806258
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,652bf35ec2a3f0e3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-28 06:25:48 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!crtntx1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!intern1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 28 Dec 2003 08:25:46 -0600
Date: Sun, 28 Dec 2003 09:25:42 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Brush with Death
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <aPidneYxJ6R2enOiRVn-jw@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 89
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.201
X-Trace: sv3-rTNxsxvDtRkZggfm4FipK7AEqoqazBWrMLWCeRx2H98ZPm/5yOegQYZOmav5AcoLuV/ogOPPWq/dehR!A4+KCo4SYFo2ikF/CtexNbcIp7IaY9P/doOaysXz66zoA6Pbx1EsguY/DcAXfBvEgYlfvDRkyfF9
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13465

Logged on a few minutes ago in to Discord.  One other person in all of 
NRo, a level 12 necro.  Well, ok, avoid him and the whole zone is mine 
to hunt... more interestingly, the area of the zone near the wizard 
platform, which is a good spot at level 7 to find high dark blues and 
even con mobs to hunt, trying to reach 8 and a new spell level (not that 
I can afford many level 8 spells, but even just a new pet, which I have 
in my bags already, would be a big help)

The level 12 will hopefully be much deeper in the zone, similarly 
concentrating on mobs around his level, or if he's a hunter, over near 
the zone line hoping for someone low level to zone in unsuspectingly; 
I've deliberately logged out well out of the way in what I hope isn't an 
obvious spot.

So I run over to the platform, look aroung a bit, find an even con young 
gila monster, and start in on it.  Clinging darkness, sic pet... it 
takes my pet down 20% right off the bat so it wins itself a nice fear to 
go along with the snare/dot.  Chasing after in order to reapply darkness 
(which is a poor snare in terms of slowing things down, and has an 
appalingly short duration), I come up over a hill and spot the other 
necro.  Killing something he is.  I keep moving, heading due north, 
hoping to move past him and my pet/mob team and continue the fight... 
but I'm attacked by a pet.  So I continue moving north, jumping for 
added speed... and get snared.  Keep moving, switching to strafe 
running, back my pet off the gila monster as I pass the two of them. 
Apparantly my pet engages his pet, because it never hits me again.  I 
never stop to look or cast, just move out at whatever my best speed is, 
my snare wears off but I don't get far before its back on me, and the 
next time it goes blinky it gets reapplied before wearing off at all. 
My pet dies.  I get hit with lifetaps several times for 34 points each. 
  I'm down to 27%, still darknessed, when I hit the sands... down to 19% 
when darkness breaks, and I cross over the zone line just after that. 
Reboot the machine, because I zone slowly enough that I fully expect if 
I zone in to EFP the necro will already be there and probably have 
already killed my character before I even sync up.

So, notes.

   1) fear kiting is a lot more dangerous when the most dangerous enemy 
is a fellow player; you can't predict where one will be, you can't know 
in advance what their faction response or ... whats the word, tendancy 
to add when they see you attacking a given mob?... is going to be.

2) necromancers seem to suck in PvP. I mean, if you can't take out an 
untwinked pure caster who is not only just barely over half your level, 
but two entire spell levels under you... and this wasn't a case of me 
being right next to a zone line either, I had to run from near the EC 
tunnel entrance all the way to EFP...  well, thats just not impressive.

3) Hitting me with the pet for openers was foolish, I outran the pet 
until his snare landed, and by then my pet had engaged his pet; his 
principle damage producer hit me exactly twice the whole time, both when 
he engaged me.

4) My pet made a good speed bump.  Had no hope of winning the fight, but 
slowed down his pet long enough that I never saw it again, despite 
running snared most of the way to the zone line.

4) Fast descision making saved my life.  I had a plan ready, I engaged 
the plan the second I got hit, didn't hesitate, didn't deviate from the 
plan.  I knew where I was going, I took the shortest possible route 
there, and I threw the speed bump in right away... which is important, 
because if I'd delayed my pet would have been behind the enemy pet, and 
since both move at the same speed would not have engaged till the pet 
caught up to me running at snared pace.. with me in melee range the 
enemy pet would not have turned to engage my pet.

5) necro snare sucks.  The dot part did little to me, and it didn't slow 
me down nearly enough, and it literally wore off (or at least got 
blinky, that middle time) three times in the run.

6) is there some way to get out of the game without hitting the off 
button on my computer while zoning?  I hate to have to pull the plug, 
but it seems like the only way under the circumstances.

7) if I'd still been DoTed as I zoned, and had died in EFP without the 
necro doing any further damage, what would have happened?  Normal death, 
so my body is unlootable?  Would the necro get credit for the kill? 
Would my body poof, like a mob killed by a DOT with no caster in zone? 
(OK, I doubt this last, but its an amusing thought)

8) Speaking of the lag syncing up when zoning in, I've noticed people's 
toons seem to stick around a bit after they zone out... could the necro 
have been in the process of casting on me when I zoned, and stuck 
something to me that will kill me when I log back in?  Or do I count as 
gone the instant I hit the line?

Trouble, 7 human necro, Discord



