From -729761142974770892
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6c58cfc7de6317e6,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-22 09:12:19 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!netnews.com!xfer02.netnews.com!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!portc03.blue.aol.com!audrey04.news.aol.com!not-for-mail
Lines: 106
X-Admin: news@aol.com
From: troy2slick@aol.comSlick (2 Slick)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Date: 22 Oct 2001 16:11:51 GMT
Organization: AOL http://www.aol.com
Subject: My first week on EQ...
Message-ID: <20011022121151.13062.00000650@mb-fr.aol.com>
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:128382

    Hello newgroupies,


       I must say that I am thoroughly impressed by this game, thus far. I
bought this game about 6 months ago, cause it was only 19.99 at Babbage's and I
was like, "ahh, what the hey!" Anyways, at that time, I was big time into UO.
Started playing that in December of '99. I retired from it about 3 weeks ago.
Not that I was bored with it or anything, but I wanted to try out something
new. Everyone I knew had already been to EQ, or was going to it. So, here I am
a week later. Here's my experiences:


    Ahh, memories. Making my first character (human-warrior), which I am using
currently. Slashing rats, whopping bats, kicking cats (okay, not really but it
rhymed), and running like crazy from Orc Pawns lol. West Freeport was my first
adventuring in hunting. I thought I was kicking butt when I would kill a fire
beetle, and try to sell the eye for some copper!! lol. Worked around that area
til' I hit level 3. 

   Level 3: I got tired of whopping newbie creatures, so I got bold and went
into East Commons. Killed decaying skeletons, more fire beetles, and my first
encounter with a wolf. Tore me to shreds. That was my first experience of
learning how to find your body. (and trust me, I would have never have found my
body last night if it wasn't for some good help...) Which I have no idea why I
even went to loot my body. I had nothing on it lol. 

   Joined my first group with a level 4 warrior named Petter. He showed me the
ropes. Showed me where all the good spots are for us young EQ'ers (okay newbies
whatever) Worked with him til I hit level 5. We started working on skeletons,
orc centurions, and desert tarantulas (which I died by at least 5 times lmao)
I'll always remember him for being so helpful more than anyone I had met prior
to this encounter. He showed me ALOT of stuff I would have never have figured
out on my own. Little stuff like /follow, /bow, /dance (on his tip-toes like a
ballerina at that), where the bank is, the dock, etc...

    Anyways, I'm gonna jump from level 5 to level 9... This was a very, VERY
strange occurrance that happened. At this point, I was in GF, and CB alot. I
wanted to go back to Ro, EC, WC, and FP. I galloped my slap happy butt to the
dock in the mountains. Waited 10 minutes for the ship to arrive. Walked on like
I had not a care or problem in the world. Nobody else was on, but me. So, I
went to plop my bottom down on the slope of the ship and watched the sunrise
(okay, so that sounds ignorant, I don't care lol) Anyways, zone zone: Please
wait loading... 
You have entered Ocean of Tears (a spot not for me for A LONG time). anyways, I
get about halfway through the zone, when all of a sudden, *SPLASH*. I end up
smack dab in the middle of the ocean. I look around to see what the heck had
happened, only to see the butt end of my ship, sailing away into the clouds.
Leaving me doggy paddling 100 miles from any sign of land, or life. So, I made
like a duck and waddled for about 30 minutes until I saw this small desserted
island. I'm thinking to myself, I'm sure there will be a dock, or someway for
me to get back. I search the small patch of land to only find Aqua Goblins hot
on my trail. No biggy, *AUTO ATTACK* engaged. You have slashed an aqua goblin
for 20 points...... killed 'em okay. Run into this mermaid type thingy
(alluring sired) It didnt come and chase after me, so I thought it was your
typical npc you could talk to. LOL, well it wasn't. Anyways, I ran around the
island some more and came upon this small kayak, canoe, boat, whatever. I step
on it and try to move around and it doesn't move. So, I left click on it, and
right click. A message pops up saying, you have the controls captain or
something like that. I sail off a little ways east of the island trying to
figure out which way the main ship had taken. So, I press down on my arrow key
trying to sail. Come to find out, swimming is faster than that blasted thing.
Ditched the kayak after 15 minutes of paddling nowhere. swam to another
desserted island. Tried to call for help, but nobody could help me. I used the
/report command, and petition (have no idea what that does). I say, /report
Damandor(my char's name) Help, I'm stuck on a desserted island in the middle of
nowhere. So, I wait 20-30 more minutes, and nothing. So, I run around this
island and find nothing but a giant totem pole looking thing, and rocks, and
more sand. I see another alluring siren, but accidentally targeted it to fight
me. Boy, was that the biggest mistake I have ever made LOL. You slash an
alluring sired for 2 points. An Alluring Sired slashes you for 28 points... and
so on, and so on and so on lol. Anyways, I tried to see if swimming would make
it go away. DUH, it's a freaking fish, why would it go away lmao. I died at the
edge of the island, but my body went glug glug glug down under. 

    I get regenerated back to GF. Where I was binded. I say ahh the heck with
it, and go to the bank to try and attempt to buy some more equipment. I had
ALOT of equipment that was given to me as gifts, bought, looted, etc...

  Out of nowhere I get a whisper from someone named Sorath or something like
that. He says he's a guide and how could he be of assistance. I explained the
situation to him, and he said it was probably a bug that caused me to fall
though the ship like that. He then says, "Are you ready to be summoned?" I'm
like, huh? Please explain what that means lol. He says, "To be taken to your
body" I'm like, "Sure, but won't I die in 3 seconds unarmed and naked as a
jay-bird? He chuckled at me, and then the screen goes to please wait,
LOADING...

      I arrived at the Ocean of Tears Dock with my body laying right next to
the shore. With this floating Necromancer staring right at me. It was a great
experience. I'm just glad to have gotten all of my possessions back that I put
so much time and effort into. I heard so many people complain about how Verant
doesn't give a rat's patootie about it's customers, but I've had nothing but
GREAT experiences so far.

     My rating on a scale of 1-10 on this game on overall playability,
fun-factor, graphics, etc. I give it a 9 and 1/2!!!!

       Sorry if that was long winded and alot of misspellings, but I'm tired
and am just rambling on my experience of this FINE game so far. 


       Happy adventuring, I know I will.....



=======Level 10 Warrior======= Damandor (Human/Warrior) ============


