From 3967650925370356658
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b47cf20d9f08128f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-29 03:51:18 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Jakugg <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Yet Another Weapons Analysis Question
Date: Wed, 29 Aug 2001 06:48:38 -0400
Organization: Garden Gnome Liberation Front
Message-ID: <3B8CC885.6D886716@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 76
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:112794

Hang in there. This may be lengthy. :-)
Weapons questions time. First off, I've stupidly lost my bookmark to
Copeland's weapons analyzer. Could some kind soul please post it?

Second, given my previous incompetence at using that for any but the
most simple one to one comparisons, I would like to tap into the public
well of knowlege for help with my current weapons situation.  For
reasons too tedious to go into, it appears that I'll be traipsing my
warrior around with a whole bunch of weapons until the next time I can
get near my guildies, my alts, some newbies, or a bank. (And why isn't
there a bank in City of Mist? It's a city, ferrkristsakes. Even if the
banker is undead, there should be one.)
   I wish to optimize my weapons selection for two different scenarios.
First one is for the times when it's just me and my cleric partner.
We're often the first two from our normal group who log on in the
evening, and we still like to play together as a duo. For these times, I
simply need to maximize my damage output, as I am both tank and damage
dealer.

Second scenario is when other partners arrive, generally a rogue and a
ranger these days.  Let's face it, the rogue is the one killing them.
I'm just trying to keep up taunt and suck up all the damage. For these
times, I am selfishly trying to finish maxing out my piercing skill
(currently at 173) while keeping up a good taunt rate.  Later, when
maxed, I'll want a combination including 1HB to max that out as well.
Keep in mind I have no haste items, nor am I normally grouped with
anyone who can haste me.

Here's what I've got to work with at the moment.
2HS
BABS  24/39, no stats, no proc.  I hardly ever use it anymore even
though my 2HS skill is maxed because it seems like I dont' do as much
damage.

1HS Selections:
Kunzar Ku'Juch (KK) 8/22  no stats, procs Engulfing Darkness
Blackened Alloy Longsword (BAL) 10/29, +3 Sv. Poison, no proc
Icetooths Claws  (IC) 11/29, no stats, no proc.

Piercing (Yes, I know they suck, but we looted them off trash mobs in
vellious. I'm just trying to max out the skill before I give them away.)

Bloodstained Fang  (BF) 9/32, no stats, no proc
Crystallized Shadow Rapier (CSR)  6/22, no stats, no proc

For 1HB (later on) I simply have a vellium warhammer 6/30, but could
probably get the temporary loan of a Wraithbone Hammer to work my skill
up if need be.)

At the moment, for full group purposes, I have equipped the KK in the
primary and the CSR in the secondary. I seem to be getting good taunt,
though the piercing skill is going up painfully slowly.  The KK (which I
only just got late last night) looks cool as hell, but I can't see where
the damn proc is doing much at all. I have almost all my effects and
combat messages turned off just now because of several raids in a row,
so I may be missing something, but all I really see is the periodic
"Your Engulfing Darkness spell has worn off." message.  Not really sure
what it's doing, or if it's even worth it. (Does it work on undead? Most
of the mobs in CoM are undead.)

For the max damage sceario I'm using IC in primary, and BAL in
secondary.

So there you have it. What are the best combinations for the two
scenarios described?
TIA
--
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 45 Campaigns
a.k.a.
Jakys Lv'Tyrr, the Mad Monk of Qeynos
Monk of 25 Seasons, Silent Fist
- - - -
"Anything more than a metric buttload of mobs is a bardic pull."
Arolpin Lorespinner




