From 3706943476997510581
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ac75023b89ae2a5c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.comcast.com!news.comcast.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 11 Dec 2004 03:29:09 -0600
Date: Sat, 11 Dec 2004 04:29:13 -0500
From: Michael <NOSPAM_Lin_mukai@comcast.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla Thunderbird 0.9 (Windows/20041103)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Inherited an account and need advice on toons please
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <JuednS-REoB4ICfcRVn-oA@comcast.com>
Lines: 70
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.96.95.162
X-Trace: sv3-j7gbLI+Ff1u0EqPycafUZoX9WxYk2DKY1rP2ET3+HxXNhI0aEi+7W1lxW8qIKZK/+JgJApMvWbHpwo1!zNL1df2UNWzhiOT2TeQ4cCQ8i9YSaZm7XwJHCWfw5uM3l6qzcbohmhorOOYU
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.20
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26458

Hi, I was given an account by someone moving to EQ2 and I could use some 
advice. I've been playing for a year and have a 65 cleric and few low 
level alts. This new account has toons I wanted to play as alts, which 
is very cool but they are mostly high level. They include:

67 Enchanter, 50 AAs incl. Dire Charm, gear for level is nothing to 
write home about but INT and CHA are high, so that's good.

65 Druid, no AAs, gear for level ok but not great except he does have 
his epic 1.0. Unfortunately, his 1hs skill is only in the 30s.

39 Beastlord, naked. No gear whatsoever. 1hb and 2hb skills are zero. 
H2h and other skills are ok for level.

55 Warrior with really nice gear for level and good skills.

I've been considering two options basically. Strip these toons of their 
gear and sell it to outfit my own toons or learn to play these guys by 
soloing them until I know them well enough to function in a group. Since 
I have played a cleric from 1 to 65 I do know something of the other 
classes in the game of course, but that hardly makes me an expert on 
actually playing those classes. If I do try to learn them, I wouldn't 
expose a group to them until I felt I could carry my own weight in the 
group.

Does soloing these guys (I was thinking Natimbi would be perfect for 
this) seem like a viable way to learn to play the class do you think? I 
mean, I know it isn't exactly the same as playing the class's group role 
but I would get to know how to use their spells, what they have 
available to them, setup Hotbuttons accordingly, etc.

The one I am most concerned about is the Enchanter. But I think I could 
practice crowd control by deliberately aggroing numbers of mobs soloing 
and then managing them. I think soloing would be possible with the DC 
pet too but of course I have yet to try it. I could keep my cleric on 
standby for heals by two-boxing. I only have one PC tho, so I don't know 
if switching between them will be fast enough but I could try it.

The Druid I think would be fun and easy to get a handle on soloing in 
Natimbi. I have a low level druid and obviously this one heck of a step 
up but I think I could get used to him by soloing him. I am dissapointed 
by his terrible 1hs skill though. I'm not sure if I could manage to 
survive in melee of light blue mobs long enough to get it up to where it 
should be. Then again, maybe two-boxing my cleric would be the answer 
here too.

The warrior I would have to two-box with cleric or get a cleric friend 
to help me out as I got used to him. Once I had a handle on him, I think 
maybe starting off with LDoNs would be a good way to break in and go 
from there.

Lastly, the Beastlord I can twink up a bit for gear. He's too low for 
Natimbi so I'd have to figure out someplace else to solo him. Again, 
with him an issue is his zero 1hb and 2hb skills. I wonder how hard it 
would be to get them up to par at level 39. Once again, I could probably 
back him up with my cleric or perhaps get a friend to help on heals if 
two-boxing doesn't work well on my system.

I'm really tempted to give this a try with these guys. Yes, I know there 
is no substitute for experience over time playing a class to be good at 
it. On the other hand, this is a game, not rocket science. It is not 
that complicated to go on Alla and do some homework on spells, etc. or 
to go to class specific sites and get tips, info, etc.

What do you guys think? If somebody gave you an account like this would 
you just strip the gear or go for it and try to play the toons? Being 
into the druid in particular it would really kill me to let one with an 
epic go. But that's just me. I am curious what you guys think.

Any comments, feedback, flames or whatever would be appreciated. Thanks!


