From 6651843918356877988
X-Google-Thread: 10445f,574106236793b870,start
X-Google-Thread: 10766f,574106236793b870,start
X-Google-Thread: 10623e,574106236793b870,start
X-Google-Thread: 10a756,574106236793b870,start
X-Google-Thread: fb739,574106236793b870,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid10445f,gid10766f,gid10623e,gid10a756,gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nx01.iad01.newshosting.com!newshosting.com!post02.iad01!news.newsdemon.com!not-for-mail
Message-Id: <m07102408482923@4ax.com>
Subject: MI5 Persecution: Why would they be doing this to you, sir? (10116)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.bears,alt.sex.nfs,alt.society.neutopia,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest
Followup-To: alt.sex.bears,alt.sex.nfs,alt.society.neutopia,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest,uk.misc
From: MI5Victim@mi5.gov.uk
Date: 24 Nov 2007 08:48:42 GMT
Lines: 203
Organization: news.newsdemon.com
X-Complaints-To: abuse@newsdemon.com
X-Original-Lines: 199
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.sex.bears:4776 alt.sex.nfs:1607 alt.society.neutopia:5662 comp.publish.prepress:10508 alt.games.everquest:12325


MI5 Persecution Update: Friday 15 May, 1998

The persecution has been quite severe for the last week. It appears that
my enemies are reacting to the steady stream of faxes making their way
over the Atlantic to the fax machines of Westminster politicians and the
media. Here is whats happened in the last few days;

The week started off with an incident in the cafeteria at a local shopping
centre where I habitually drink my morning coffee. My enemies have
concentrated since winter 1995/96 on throwing a particularly horrible
sexual slander against me. They "put people up" to repeat this slander
against me, and this is what happened again here.

On Thursday morning (yesterday), instead of going to the usual cafeteria I
went to a nearby convenience store for coffee. The same horrible sexual
slander was shouted at me very loudly by a member of staff as I walked
into the store. This was the first time I had ever bought morning coffee
in that shop. The other staff obviously knew what was going on, one of
them said, "they screwed up my life".

The fax gateway I use to send these faxes to the UK has been working hard
these last few days to shut down my access by barring the accounts I use
to send these faxes.

I have received an anonymous threat from fax number 0171-219-6101 (the
machine gave its name as "ETRA-HoC") which said, "Stop sending to this fax
no 0171-219-6101 or else" (the consequences of continued transmission were
unspecified). I invited the sender to apologise for his threat, but
received no response.


This all adds up to quite a severe reaction to my faxes of the last few
weeks. I actually find this quite heartening since it shows that my faxes
are finding the mark and there may yet be a breakthrough in my efforts to
expose the Security Service conpiracy of abuse against me which has now
been going on for eight years.


MI5 Persecution: "Why would they be doing this to you, sir?"

This article will concentrate on the difficult question of "Why". The
question which forms the title of this piece was asked of me by the police
officer I spoke to in Easter 1995, when I went to make my complaint.

There are really two sides to this question. Firstly, why should MI5 be
harassing anybody in this fashion? Secondly, if they choose to behave in
this way, why should they have selected me in particular, and not somebody
else? Alternatively, why did the persecution start, and why is it
continuing?

I do not have definite answers to either side of this question, since my
persecutors have usually kept themselves hidden and only acted through
other parties. To know "why", one would have to know who the persecutors
are, and something of their personalities, since their abuse is almost
certainly symptomatic of a personality disorder of the abusers. Certain
things however can be deduced about the abusers from the nature of their
behaviour, and I will talk about this later in the article.

Why did it start?

It is clear that the persecution must have been initiated by someone who
knew me personally, either at school, or at university, or socially, and
knew that I was borderline mentally ill, since this is what makes me a
target for the persecutors. Unfortunately, the originators have never been
identified, and there are several possible candidates. Neither has the
link from the originators of the persecution, to the persecutors
themselves, ever been made clear. So who are the originators?

University Staff

The identity of the originators may lie in the timing of the
persecution. It started in June 1990, while I was finishing a course at
Imperial College in London, and a year after I graduated from Cambridge,
where I received a degree in computer science. At Cambridge I had achieved
some notoriety in the computer lab from various nefarious exploits. Roger
Needham attacked me by saying that "there were great hopes for it, but it
failed terribly". When I started at Imperial I found that my reputation
had preceded me; Cambridge computer lab had spoken to I.C. lecturers about
me. I.C. lecturer Frank McCabe summed up commenting about "setting up a
straw man so you can tear him down". (Despite being "torn down" by the
Cambridge computer labs lecturers, I still achieved a good first degree
and a Masters degree at Imperial.)

Other students at university

So, the originators may have been university staff who knew me from my
student days. But there are other possibilities. I had other enemies at
university, including some fellow students. At my Cambridge college it was
common knowledge that my mental health was dubious, and it was known that
I talked to myself in my sleep - the floor and walls were quite permeable
to noise, so other students heard. I was given the nickname
"gibber" because of this habit. Sometime later, I managed to catch myself
talking in my sleep when I woke up in the middle of the night.

Here is a quote from a participant in the internet newsgroup where I have
been posting for the last three years;

>One thing which has been missing from this discussion is this simple
>prognosis: that maybe he is right and that, despite his admitted
>mental condition, there really is a campaign against him organised by
>now-influential ex-students of his university.

People I knew socially

I had yet other enemies in 1990 (I am a man of many enemies!). In January
1990 I broke up with some people I had been going out with socially. One
of them, by the name of Andy Turner, wrote a letter to Alan Freeman, who
at the time was a Radio 1 DJ. Freeman read part of the letter out on his
Rock Show, about the "one who wore out his welcome with random precision",
saying "thats a hell of a letter you wrote there Andy", and "with a
schizophrenic youre never alone".

It is my belief that Andy Turner and his friends were trying to make
trouble for me, and Turner wrote to Freeman with this in mind. Freeman may
have discussed the letter with others, and things may have snowballed from
there. This is, of course, pure supposition. The fact is that I do not
know who the originators are, and can only guess.

Once it started, why is it continuing?

The answer to this question is obvious. It is unacceptable to the "powers
that be" in the UK to have somebody running around who knows he has been
targeted by the Security Service and media organizations, and who is in a
position to embarrass British institutions. This has become particularly
evident in the last week; as I send more faxes to UK politicians and
media, so the pressure on me grows, and the volume of abuse increases.

Part of the reason the persecution continues is in the personalities of
the abusers, and it is this subject to which I will turn to next, since
the key to understanding the persecution lies in understanding those who
carry it out, as much as we can.

The Security Service operatives, the persecutors, are they psychopaths?

Let us first examine the definition of the term "psychopath". DSM-IV
defines "anti-social personality disorder" as a "pattern of disregard for
and violation of the rights of others ... deceitfulness, irritability and
aggressiveness ... consistent irresponsibility and lack of remorse". The
Harvard Mental Health Letter of Sept 1995 describes these people as using
"charm, manipulation, intimidation and violence to control others and
satisfy their own needs. Lacking in conscience and in feelings for others,
they cold-bloodedly take what they want and do as they please", having "no
guilt or regret".

I must say, reading this description of the condition, that it fits the
persecutors perfectly. The persecutors have never shown the slightest
remorse or guilt. Even when I was severely ill, they continued to abuse
me. They have repeatedly blamed their actions on me, which is another
trait common amongst psychopaths. They have no respect for my legal or
personal rights, and they use intimidation and verbal violence.

If the MI5 operatives are psychopaths then it would explain both why the
persecution started, and the degree of verbal violence. Psychopaths by
definition damage other people; here, the MI5 operatives find an outlet
for their personality disorder, through "cripple-kicking".

Xenophobia on the basis of mental illness, and race

My enemies have made clear many times that one of the reasons they are
persecuting me is because of my admitted mental illness. However, it is my
belief that they are also persecuting me because I am not of ethnic
English origin, and the fact that there have been several incidents of an
overtly racist nature reinforces this view.

In one case, two youths on a tube train in London made openly racist
references to me as a "soft toy, not up to British Standards". Another
person near my home made remarks about "Polish people". In yet another
incident in Croydon, a youth made comments about "foreigners".

But the main thrust of their xenophobia is because of my mental illness. I
should make clear that I do not look ill; if you met me, you would not
know that I had the illness. I take a relatively low dose of medication,
and feel quite well. But the persecutors have repeatedly harped on about
my supposed serious mental illness; they have called me a "nutter", a
"schizophrenic", etc. They have also persuaded other people to use these
terms of abuse. They are able to get away with this because abusing the
mentally ill is still something which is mostly acceptable in Britain; the
media do it, "nutter" is not taboo in the way that "nigger" is.

Conclusion

There are several groups of people who might have wished to cause me
trouble, and I still do not know who originated the persecution. Nor do I
know how the originators came to be in contact with the
(presumed) Security Service operatives who have been carrying out the
campaign. To know conclusively why it started, we would have to know who
started it, and this information is not available.

However, we can infer some things about the personalities of the
persecutors from their methods, and from the degree of verbal violence
they employ. It is clear that a main reason for the continuing harassment
is the psychopathic disorder of the MI5 agents who carry it out. That they
have never been "brought to book" for their misdeeds reinforces their
belief that they do no wrong; and, unhappily, until they are brought to
book, their persecution campaign looks set to continue.

10116


--
Posted via NewsDemon.com - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://www.NewsDemon.com<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access


