From 654214703873542627
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bfe5bacce5e6905,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Date: Fri, 17 Sep 2004 16:49:59 -0500
From: Tyas MT <tyas_mt@hotplonkmail.commies>
User-Agent: Mozilla Thunderbird 0.8 (Windows/20040913)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Very OT: Sharing the pain...
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <414b5c2a$1_1@127.0.0.1>
Lines: 60
X-Authenticated-User: $$arx6r4j85
X-Comments: This message was posted through <A href
X-Comments2: IMPORTANT: Newsfeed.com does not condone,
X-Report: Please report illegal or inappropriate use to
Organization: Newsfeeds.com http://www.newsfeeds.com 100,000+ UNCENSORED Newsgroups.
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!cyclone1.gnilink.net!gnilink.net!news-out2.nuthinbutnews.com!local!spool9-west!not-for-mail
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17224

I work in a job where I do a lot of Tech support. It's not my title, but 
I do it.

Two printers come in, get set on my table in the office because 'They 
are broken, fix them, it's a rush job'. Customer says they had one 
printer, it stopped working, bought second printer, it has never worked.

Printer the First: Download the 300 mb driver from compaq, (what? no it 
didn't come with a CD, I'm sure.). Print test page:
very faint streaky black, no blue.

Pop the top,  black ink is empty, so is blue.

Printer the Second: Hook up, download 75 mb driver from Lexmark (THESE 
ARE PRINTERS DAMMIT! NOT EVEN MULTIFUNCTION POS DEVICES! JUST PRINTERS!) 
(uh... no no CD came with it, says customer).
Prints fine. Go through steps of removing 400 mb of printer drivers from 
my machine, requiring 4 reboots and I still see part of lexmark's 
drivers running in my services... I'll get to that later.

Tell customer printer 1 out of ink. Get blank stare. Explain the concept 
of ink cartriges to customer. Blank stare.

Tell them printer 2 is working fine. They say that was what walmart told 
them when they took it back, but that it's broken.

Get them to bring in computer.

Computer still has printer the first installed as default printer. No 
trace of Printer the second's control panels, drivers, crud, etc. Also, 
when computer boots up it goes into major conniption fits because 
printer the first isn't hooked up (I mean, pop up windows telling you 
'it ain't there' that keep coming back, you can't get rid of them by 
hitting ok...)

They would really rather use printer the first, as that is what they are 
used too. So they go buy ink, we put it in and test it. Show them where 
the control panel was screaming 'yo! you are outta ink bud!'

Wal mart, btw, won't take back their pos lexmark printer. They want us 
to buy it from them... we can give them what they paid at walmart, right?

Send them on their way. They call later... Computer screaming about no 
printer. Spend 30 min on the phone getting them to plug the usb cable 
into both the printer and the computer, and plug the printer into power. 
Apparently according to them it should just work when you set the 
printer down on the desk next to the computer.

And this isn't even in the running for the top 5 most inane things I've 
dealt with this week.

Just thought I'd share.
(And people wonder why I'm a 'NO NO NO YOU IDIOT! This is how you play 
your class. Now shut up an play mana biyatch!*' group member. I have to 
bottle this crap up all week. Don't be a dummy in my groups, or you will 
get a lecture.)

*Yes I know there's much much more to being a bard than standing and 
playing mana regen songs. It's just my normal poke at bards, and as an 
enchanter its in the union rules that I must tell them somethings like that.


