From 7688483699095268272
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7de8fdc38688e7de
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-05-29 15:04:00 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newshub2.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.il.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Scott T. Jensen" <stj@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <20010525232308.09618.00001219@ng-cs1.news.cs.com>
Subject: Re: Anyone think Clerics are FUN?
Lines: 189
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Message-ID: <j1VQ6.45830$Ji.1082817@news1.rdc1.il.home.com>
Date: Tue, 29 May 2001 22:03:59 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.183.2.29
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.il.home.com 991173839 24.183.2.29 (Tue, 29 May 2001 15:03:59 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 29 May 2001 15:03:59 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:79458

"The Infamous VGO Ken" wrote:
> I'm just curious if anyone would like
> to give me any POSITIVE aspects of
> playing a Cleric.  I have wanted to
> start one, when everyone tells me how
> boring it is to just sit, med, and heal
> during fights, and stare at the blasted
> spellbook.

As others have said, you're popular.  I have NEVER had a problem getting a
group.  Some say enchanters are more preferred at higher levels.  Possibly.
However, my Halfling cleric is 23 and I've never lost out to an enchanter
getting invited into a group.  I have even had to campaign to get my group
to accept enchanters.

Almost everyone is nice to you.  You are truly a lifesaver and you're
treated as one.  Especially so if you're free and loose with your heals and
buffs.  If you like being a nice guy (gal), cleric is the class for you.  I
love doing drive-by heals and buffs.  Stop only long enough to cast and then
continue on my way.  Hang out in the newbie zones to make a newbie's day
with a lifesaving heal or mega-HP buff.  Treat higher, same, and lower level
players alike.  You eventually build a nice reputation this way.  That
however shouldn't be your objective.  Just a nice byproduct.  And people
tend to be generous in return.  For examples:

All except one of my spells was bought by other players for me.  I never
begged once.   Usually when they ask why you're not casting such-and-such
cleric spell and you tell them you can't afford it (oh, do get used to being
the poorest class), they either run and buy it for you or give you the money
and tell you to come back fast.  When I hit 14th, one high-level player even
bought me all my 14th level spells as a present for simply being nice to
players all around me.

Same goes for equipment.  I've never bought or begged for any of my
equipment.  Players commonly come up to you, ask to inspect (if they have
manners), and look over your equipment and offer you something better.  The
most they ask if that you remember their names for the day when you can
finally do rezzes ... first time this was said me to was when I was still
Level One!   However, I politely turn down all quest items since I like
getting those myself.  And to me, the biggest compliment is getting crafted
stuff from players.  There's just something special about wearing something
someone else made.  Oh, never accept "loaned" equipment.  They will want it
back and that sucks.  If they say they'll lend you some equipment, simply
thank them for the offer and leave it at that.

We seem to be the class that is the nicest to each other.  I've had clerics
get their group's druids to SoW and/or port me as I'm slowly running by
their group.  I've gotten equipment from them.  Supplies for spells I can't
even cast yet.  I have never heard of a high-level cleric charging a
low-level cleric for a rez and commonly see high-level clerics shout/ooc
"Exp rezzes for 100p ... or free if you're a low-level cleric."  I've run
naked by high-level clerics who then ask if I need an exp rez and will go
out of their way to do it.  And if someone rags on you in a zone for not
healing or binding them, all the clerics in that zone will jump down that
idiot's throat.

And truly cool is when you need a port and you see a druid or wizard
shout/ooc this:  "Porting for 25 pp unless you're a cleric and then it's
free."  The first time I saw this I was just amazed.  Overjoyed (especially
as I was broke at the time ... again, get used to it) and amazed.  Never
seen any other class given such exception.  Received tons of ports this way.
And all they ask is again that you remember their name ... or you learn that
one of their other characters is a cleric thus they know how poor clerics
are.  They even refuse donations and tell you rightly to "Keep it.  You'll
need it for your spells and equipment."

That's the good new.  But I think it would be wrong to just tell you of the
positive and not make you fully aware of the negative.  Having said that,
the bad news is...

You can get treated rather poorly by group members.  To many you're just a
mana sponge and nothing more.  These are the jerks that will yell "HEAL!"
during combat.  At such times, I always felt like replying "Really?  Is that
what I'm supposed to do?  You mean I should keep an eye on everyone's life
bars and stop chatting with my friend in another zone?  Wow, radical
concept, dude!"

A couple months ago, I even got burned out.  Completely quit the game for a
couple months.  Got burnt out by groups that just view clerics as mana
sponges.  Overpulling tanks that think they're in charge.  Enchanters that
send out the pulling tank when they feel you have enough mana and not when
you feel you do.  Groups that never chat at all ... not even after battles.
Groups that never remain the same for more than five minutes.  Players that
feel the only reason you're playing the game is to heal them when they're
unwounded or bind them when you're passing through a town ... regardless if
they're in your group or not.  Group members bitching over looting, ninja
looting, and being very me-me over loot and not occasionally tossing you a
bone while you meditate.

Now the solution...

Now that I'm back, I'm trying to make sure I don't get burnt out again.
Personally, I think you need to mix grouping and soloing as a cleric.
Always grouping can become a drag because of what I said above.  Soloing is
a nice way to take a break from that.  I'd suggest doing quests for WIS gear
at these times.  For example, I just completed the Library Book quest.
Didn't need anyone to help me at level 23.  Just don't turn in the book and
instead use it for the +10 mana and +10 WIS it gives you in your secondary
melee slot.

Also start up lists.  Lists of players.  I have five lists.  "Fun",
"Preferred", "Acceptable", "No Group", and "No Rez".

The Fun ones are the players that make this game ... you guessed it ... fun.
They role-play with you.  They make you laugh.  They have you on their
friends list and say "Hi" to you when you log on and before you checked to
see if they're on.  They're the ones that will cross continents to group
with you and that you will do likewise for them.  They know how to play
their class perfectly and fully understand what being a cleric is like.
They're the ones that ask you who's on your No Rez list and those jerks get
added to their blacklist.  They eventually become online friends.  They're
the players that welcome you back after you've been gone a long time and
encourage you to stay ... which was really great after being gone so long
and wondering if anyone remembered me.

Going the other extreme and working backwards...

The No Rezzes are the jerks.  Just don't toss them into your /ignore.  Write
their character names down and why you put them on the No Rez list.  Don't
assume you'll remember.  Needless to say, don't join any guild that has a No
Rez in it.  If they're not selective, the guild will suck.

The No Groups are the clueless.  They're not jerks.  They just don't know
how to play their character without getting everyone killed and either won't
listen to advice or never seem to remember it.  They're the DD spellcasters
that pull or strike when a target comes in range ... thus the target goes
aggro on them and the tanks spend eternity trying to pull them off and you
spend all your mana trying to keep them alive.  They're the over-pulling
tanks that won't listen to you or don't know how to cherry-pick targets and
commonly bring trains back.  They're the enchanters that think their job in
combat is something other than mob control.  They're the bards that never
twist songs.  They're the magic users that don't sacrifice their pets so
both of you can gate to safety.  However, because they're not jerks, you
haven't tossed them into /ignore and you'll possibly heal and/or rez them if
they ask and, for rezzes, are willing to pay.

The Acceptables are just average players  Nothing special.  Nothing bad.  I
mainly keep this list just to know who I've partied with before.  Sometimes
they move up into the Preferreds.  If they've made this list, they rarely
ever move down into the No Groups.

The Preferreds as the players that have shown they're good at their class.
They're somewhere between Acceptable and Fun.  They're just missing that
extra spark that would put them on your Fun list.  They're pulling tanks
that patiently wait for you to recharge and ignore what anyone else tells
them until you are.  They're enchanters that don't cop an attitude.  They're
DD spellcasters that know they're to end the fights and not start or help
with them.  They're tanks that know it is VERY boring looking at a book
while meditating and make an effort to chat with you.  They're players that
take the initiative to educate other players when they bitch about waiting
for you to get enough mana.  They're the players that tell your group that
if you leave, they leave.  They're the rare gems that actually try to
role-play.

And don't think you always need a full group.  If there's only one Fun, team
up with just them.  It would be best though if they're a tank.  Tank and
cleric duos are a great combo.  A Fun magic-user with a pet comes in a close
second.  In other words, be selective who you group with.  As I said at the
beginning of this reply, I've NEVER had a problem getting a group as a
cleric.  If anything, my biggest problem was deciding which invites to
accept.  And don't think that one tank won't tax you.  They will.  And one
Fun is worth more than five Acceptables.

Also you might like to give guilds a try.  Just be very selective in
choosing and don't stay if they don't pan out.  Compare their membership
list against your lists.  I'm about to give guilds a try now.  Got a real
life friend that has been relentlessly campaigning to get me to join his
guild for a very long time.  I've watched him play with his guild members.
They seem real nice, supportive, talkative, and fun.  They hold fun guild
events, such as hide-n-seek in Estate of Unrest.  They're not a role-playing
guild, but I've come to consider those one of EQ's myths.  He's also just
been made one of the guild's officers and one of my Fun players is also a
member of that guild.  When I make Level 24 (thus getting Greater Healing)
and get two WIS items (Wisdom clay deity [which I'm starting up an enchanter
to make] and Polished Bone Bracelet from one of the evil eyes in Runnyeye
Mine), I'll let him nominate me to his guild.

Oh, about the spellbook.  I know many complain about it.  I know I have.
However, during combat, you really should be keeping an eye on life bars and
your mana bar and not watching the action ... or chatting with a friend in
another zone.  ;-)

Scott Jensen
--
Like to help advance science?
Volunteer your computer for folding-protein research for when it's idle.
Go to http://foldingathome.stanford.edu/ to sign up your computer.




