From -3593480503293262482
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9b72c38bac11f462,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-28 09:18:11 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!news-out.visi.com!petbe.visi.com!feed1.newsreader.com!newsreader.com!rip!news.webusenet.com!peer01.cox.net!peer02.cox.net!cox.net!prodigy.com!prodigy.com!newsmst01.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr28.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Eric J. Hawman" <ejhawman@ameritech.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Rabotev gains a level
Lines: 118
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <ndEHb.19302$P%1.17861943@newssvr28.news.prodigy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 67.37.26.98
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr28.news.prodigy.com 1072631763 ST000 67.37.26.98 (Sun, 28 Dec 2003 12:16:03 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 28 Dec 2003 12:16:03 EST
Organization: SBC http://yahoo.sbc.com
X-UserInfo1: FKPO@MC@OHWGBRLYYJHFOQTDTB_LPLLLVXU@OAQDJ@_@FN@ANVUEAE[YETZPIWWI[FCIZA^NBFXZ_D[BFNTCNVPDTNTKHWXKB@X^B_OCJLPZ@ET_O[G\XSG@E\G[ZKVLBL^CJINM@I_KVIOR\T_M_AW_M[_BWU_HFA_]@A_A^SGFAUDE_DFTMQPFWVW[QPJN
Date: Sun, 28 Dec 2003 17:16:03 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13473

FINALLY!

  Rab was 52 for the longest time - over a month. Part of this was
exploration, but a great deal of it had to do with deaths from same,
and from some one-step-forward-one-step-back action in efforts
to level. I would go into the Plane of Justice and gain a yellow
bubble, only to lose it whenever we got an unexpected add.
Oftentimes my party would try pulling a Sentry and run right
past Sralm Noramir's cell...and you know how trigger-happy
he is. Or on an LDoN mission, if I was the only healer, I would
never fail to get aggro at some point and be unable to shake it.
And at these levels snare dosen't take until a mob is below 50%
and roots don't last as long as their graphics.

  52 did see my first raids. Early on I was determined to do Naggy,
so when a pickup raid was called one Saturday I headed for the
Neriak stone...and then someone /ooc'ed "Naggy spawns on
Sundays". Okay, tomorrow then...but there is no raid the next day.
A week later, on Sunday, I try again, only to find "he was killed
yesterday." Right, then: next Saturday another open Naggy raid
is called at the Neriak stone, and I join at 10:30 EST and resolve to
sit there until we get under way.

  We don't hit Lavastorm until 12:15, with about 25 people, including
2 clerics and 2 druids, one of whom is me. We lose 20 minutes
reorganizing before we hit the Lair. We clear our way into the spider
room easily enough, though one mage keeps getting aggro and
has to be rezzed twice. We wait for all bio's and other afk's to finish
up, and mana to top off, before going into fire giant territory.
It takes another 10 minutes to get through this, with one signifigant
drop that gets rolled for. Finally, we clear the king's room.

  Beyond the drawbridge and lava chamber we come to another
turn, and lo and behold there are three baronesses here - our
emergency backup, I presume. We get to the final prep chamber
and spend another twenty minutes buffing and topping off mana
before the word is given to go in.

  I get feared immediately, along with suffering 500 points of damage.
I grit my teeth and let the damage wait; by the time I regain control
I'm on the far side of the Lair proper and have to run back to the
bridge where Naggy is eating up the raid. I try casting a few DD's
before I remember I have to be in melee range for them to land. I take
a few screenshots for posterity and get right up along Naggy's side
and nuke away. Alas, we only get him down to 79% before retreat is
called; I get lava-blasted and feared again, and ssslllooowwwwllllyyyy
crawl, with 6% health left, toward the prep room. As soon as I regain
control I start casting Sperior Healing on myself so I can run away
at a decent speed --

  "You will not evade me Rabotev!"

  Dum de dum dum. Sitting out in butcherblock, where I'd bound myself
so I could get LDoN's fast, listening to the raid channel. The clerics have
been ordered to camp; one actually survives long enough to do so,
and with her help the recovery begins. I port back to Lavastorm and
get all the way to the prep room, listening to another wipe along the way
when someone pokes his head into the Lair to get his corpse. I arrive in the
prep room to find a monk dragging corpses, slowly. I decide to save him
the bother with me, go in - and I pull Naggy too. Another wipe.

  Finally I remember the monk will have a Sneak skill. I consent him, get
rezzed, and after waiting a good hour, I decide this isn't going to work,
too
many poeple have left the raid - we are down to 16 people now - and leave
for more profitable ventures.

  My second raid is by invitation of Zkar. He wants to do the Plane of Fear.
He announces his time reservation on a public message board along
with a list of confirmed participants and reserved loot. Very organized, he
is;
day of the raid, things go very smoothly, he has the timing down. We have 25
people, and proceed to clear the Plane of Fear methodically. The first few
minutes are the most active, as the plane is fully spawned and everything
in aggro radius of the zone-in comes after us. This time I remember I am
a healer, and focus on healing my party. We suffer very few deaths, and
Zkar, 3-boxing with Clerissa and Monty, takes us around the plane in three
hours. Unfortunately the Broken Golem is not up, in fact none of the major
epic targets are aceived - either the mobs are not up or they don't drop the
epic items. At the end, with only Cazic Thule left, we try him, but only get
him to 90% before we wipe. Recovery here is faster because we have epic
clerics to rez us but still the raid seems mostly a failure.

  (It was something more of a success for me; I got three pieces of
Vermiculated
armor, one of which I'll actually use - gloves. Can't believe I was still
using
Split Paw Hide gloves!)

  From these raids I learned the following lessons:

  1. You need at least 30 people to do any major target, like Naggy,
Vox, or CT.

  2. Even with that many - or I should say, that FEW - people, you need
to be heavy in clerics.

  3. Clerics. Not druids or shamans but actual clerics. There is no
substitute
for Complete Healing. Druids have a very limited role against big targets:
we can't snare them, our nukes are pinpricks, so the best we can do is heal
the casters and other non-tanking members. The tanks will have so many
hit points our stonger heals barely make a dent in the damage they take.

  No more raids for Rab. He was made to farm plat, anyways, and he is
now one step closer to doing that. Friday I got him into a good LDoN
group, an Innovation group for an hour, and then a group camping the
Warlord Room in Karnor's, where he dinged 53 at 2:30 am. Now he has
Winged Death, and is ready to solo many places that Breath of Ro
wasn't good enough for. At 57, he should be able to do nightstalkers
with modest trouble, and I should be set.

  EJH

  [53 Wanderer] Rabotev Startree (Wood Elf) of Tunare on Tholluxe Paells





