From -8156192589291175773
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2715317fe0581607
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-10-25 15:40:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newsfeed.news2me.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.comcast.com!news.comcast.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 25 Oct 2002 17:40:25 -0500
From: "Caeli Sidhe" <angrycornflake@NOSPAM.comcast.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <slrnarjeug.t89.reply_in_group@tzs.net>
Subject: Re: Where does plat come from?
Date: Fri, 25 Oct 2002 16:40:24 -0600
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Message-ID: <_cOdnYrz6pDEVSSgXTWc3Q@comcast.com>
Lines: 111
X-Trace: sv3-20ChRjxdTcTf01EwV9mnS5k38WiaqvPUfvgag2SOmZlYAp6ei2MHgcqq6c4Dm9P7JuHkKNMslYmiE64!LjXJDXVmfSIOJco9FuOSS/oRhwdG+RcYukJZmQ3ocqqcHmtU/QiPeECk61nHgA==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:241305

"Tim Smith" <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com> wrote in message
news:slrnarjeug.t89.reply_in_group@tzs.net...
> Occasionally, someone asks for a good way to earn plat.  A common answer
is
> to hunt X which drops Y, which sells for good plat to other players.  It
> occurs to me that that raises an obvious question: where do the people
that
> buy items like that get their plat?  Players selling things to other
players
> never creates plat...it just shuffles it around.
>
> Where does the plat actually come from?  Offhand, I can only think of
three
> sources:
>
> 1. Coin drops off mobs.
>
> 2. Selling stuff to vendors.
>
> 3. Rewards for quests.
>
> I wonder what the distribution of plat sources is?  E.g., what mob's
deaths
> contribute the most?  Any guesses?
>
> --Tim Smith

This is a basic economics question (which I am totally unqualified to
answer, but hell it's a newsgroup, who needs qualifications?  So I will
proceed to talk out of my ass on this one) more than an EQ question.

In a natural world economy production makes money.  Person A produces X and
sells to person B for Y amount of cash.  It all started with simple trade.
Bob grows tomatoes and other crops.  Joe raises chickens and cattle.  Bob
needs some beef, Joe needs some veggies, so they trade, on a
person-to-person agreed basis.  All of this so that one person doesn't have
to produce every single thing they would need in life (imagine, farmer,
carpenter, mason, cattle rancher, well-digger, etc all from one person = no
sleep).  This progresses for a long time through history creating a
civilization thriving and living off of barter.

Then some guy comes up with the brilliant idea of taking stones of a certain
set of shapes and colors and sizes (or beads, or whatever) and designating
with everyone else in the community that a chicken is worth X Beads, and a
pound of tomatoes is worth Y Beads.  Beads, and eventually coin becomes the
middle "man" of trade.  Thus economics is born.

Now of course these beads on their own aren't worth anything intrinsically
(much like that green paper we keep in our wallets today).  It's only value
is in the agreement between two or more people that the bead is worth a
certain amount.  Now introduce rarity into the equation and at first when
these beads are being used there aren't a whole great deal of them out
there, then to each person these beads are worth a good deal.  As the beads
begin to be fashioned (by whomever's job it becomes to manufacture said
beans at a given rate decided by the governing agency of the community) more
and more are made and as they become less rare their individual value begins
to decline.  So that when 10 years ago offering Joe 10 beads for a chicken
seemed a fair price, now 10 beads is pocket change and it takes 40 beads to
buy a chicken.  Thus inflation is born.

Now all of this (rudimentary and sloppy history of economics) explains where
money comes from in OUR world.  But what about the world of EQ?  (finally
getting to the real point everyone says, about damn time)  With EQ we are
thrown into a world already (economically speaking at least) in progress.
NPC's are already carrying money (mobs that drop cash, vendors that
buy/sell, etc).  In the early days of the game I'm sure items sold for a lot
less than they do today since the budget WAS at the time based off of coin
drops (some of which can actually be substantial, i.e. Giants) but as time
went on more and more money was dropped, being picked up by players and
therefore as more money entered the system prices on items inflated.  This
is why on older servers items sell for prices that are insane to someone
just entering the game because players have been on them for longer and
therefore the value has inflated to an incredible amount.  So, that Fungi
Tunic that is selling for 40k (or whatever the amount is, nowhere near that
end of the game to be even watching prices on it), the player that pays said
money for that item is paying money made up of all the little 1p and change
drops that have built up over time through the filter of the player economy.
Rather expanded view of things 40,000 drops of 1p, but in reality (unless
I'm totally wrong) that is how the money has come around through the game.
This is all probably why newbie players (and since my highest character is
41 I'm probably still in that realm) get so jealous over the amount of cash
they see people talking about paying for something and start asking for
"methods to make plat" on here or in the game.  We could say that if they
are just patient then they will be there someday, but at the same time the
amount of work it takes a new player to start accruing that form of cash in
the game is actually less than the current highlevels walking around the
game today had to put out.

On a side note, this is the main reason, I would imagine, that Sony tries to
stop any exploits that allow someone to make insane money in a shorter
amount of time than normal.  The more money that is made by these lucky
groups of players that discover the exploit increases the inflation rate so
that the rest of us end up staring at equipment that would take months or
more of playing to be able to afford.

Anyway, all of that is probably more of a response than you really wanted,
but I felt like writing so I vented it on you.  Enjoy (or disregard, I don't
care).

--

-------------------------------------
Caeli Sidhe
High Elf Cleric of 41 Seasons
<Guardians of Wolven Spirit>
Terris-Thule
http://www.magelo.com/eq_view_profile.html?num=385094
-----------------------------------------





