From -9024672951741906420
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d8b338f119d5fbe8,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-27 14:03:37 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Empty <emptyCANOFSPAM@emptiedout.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: [OT] Sherman, set the way back machine to 1984.
Date: Wed, 27 Feb 2002 22:03:36 -0000
Organization: Emptied Out
Message-ID: <Xns91C28F05C3956emptiedoutcom@209.249.90.102>
User-Agent: Xnews/L5
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 81
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:170557

Once upon a time, in a Corporate America not too terribly far away, Ma Bell 
held all the strings. She ruled over telecom with an iron fist, crushing 
smaller competitors, then jacking prices. She proved to me a "let them eat 
cake" sort of monarch, and the American people resented it. So what did 
they do? They broke her up into the Baby Bells. While this technically 
ended her monopoly (after all, there were 4 companies now, not just one), 
the important thing that this caused was competition. Yes, good old 
American competition.

With the breaking of her monopoly and the regulations imposed upon the Baby 
Bells after that, many companies (and investors) stepped up to bat. They 
are referred to as CLECs (Competitive Local Exchange Carriers), and they 
were good at what they did. They outperformed the bloated incumbents, sold 
services they purchased at cost from the ILECs(Incumbent Local Exchange 
Cartel... I mean Carriers) at a reasonable price... and guess what? The 
American people benefitted. Why? Well, now they had a choice. If a Baby 
Bell decided that bthey were going to screw the consumer, the choice for 
the consumer was "Like it or go elsewhere", not "Like it or go without 
phone service". And so, prices dropped, CLECs prospered, ILECs 
prospered(but not to their formerly obscene levels), and life was good.

(full documentation available here: 
http://teletruth.org/History/bbells/bb_history.html )

Fast forward to 1997 now.

Enter the Telecommunications Act of 1996 (available in ASCII here: 
http://www.fcc.gov/Reports/tcom1996.txt ).

The Telcommunications Act placed further restrictions on the four Bells 
that are still in existence- BellSouth, SBC Communications, Verizon, and 
Qwest. Competition again was infused with new blood, both in the form of 
talented individuals and in the form of venture capital. Various new CLECs 
sprang up, and competition today is better than ever before. DSL LECs 
(DLECs, or Data-CLECs) were making good money, as were the ILECs, and the 
independent and national ISPs that sell service across those lines. 
Deployment has continued, with overall connectivity being at an all-time 
high. 

Now, Sherman, let us continue onward to 2002.

Enter the Tauzin-Dingell Bill ( http://thomas.loc.gov/cgi-
bin/query/z?c107:h.r.1542: )

This bill completely undermines the Telecommunications Act of 1996, and 
goes a long way towards giving us another Ma Bell. Many of the proponents 
of this bill say that it will somehow "improve competition". How? How does 
giving the ILECs the right to charge whatever they want for DSL aggregation 
result in more competiton? I will tell you what will happen- the CLECs and 
independent ISPs(including big boys like Earthlink) will receive "Oh, your 
bill... Let me pull that up... Yes it appears to be correct. See, our rates 
for that have gone up by 5000%. What, your price structure would put you 
deep in the red with that added overhead? Well, you better raise your 
prices. No, our consumer rates will remain the same, you will just have to 
find some way to make yourself worth that extra money. Thanks for calling 
QWest, now please screw off."

Giving the ability to do this to the Baby Bells is such an astoundingly bad 
idea that I cannot even begin to conceive of why anyone would think it is a 
*good* idea.  As voice becomes more and more compatible with data, it will 
merge with data and before you know it we will have a data monopoly that 
happens to include voice. 

Today, I watched Congressmen all but count their Baby Bell special interest 
money on C-SPAN, and it has made me completely ill over the state of our 
nation and the future of our free market economy. Everyone, and I mean 
*everyone* should oppose this to the best of their ability. At this point, 
it is too late to do anything in Congress. Senate is the last blockade, and 
this MUST be quashed there. I strongly urge all of you to contact your 
local senators ( http://www.senate.gov/senators/senator_by_state.cfm ) and 
voice your concerns about the Tauzin-Dingell Bill.

Thanks for your time. I will be shoving my soapbox back under the desk now.

~Empty

-- 
"I'm constantly forgetting my own phone number. Quite simply, 
it's because I never call myself. (I used to, but I was never
home. I just gave up after a while. I figure if I want to talk
to me, I'll just have to do it in person.)" -Walker


