From -2390412558451385157
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4a762b364aae9c37
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-21 21:50:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!nntp.flash.net!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.232.MISMATCH!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3D3B8C9A.63A12246@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: *rant* Need Before Greed groups
References: <3d3b7d87.12603613@netnews.attbi.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 133
Date: Mon, 22 Jul 2002 04:40:54 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.233.34
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1027312854 66.109.233.34 (Mon, 22 Jul 2002 00:40:54 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 22 Jul 2002 00:40:54 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:214154



t3forest@yahoo.com wrote:

> Urgh, why do people continue to insist on NBG in pickup groups?  Sure,
> there's the occasional dissenter who insists on rolling, but he is
> overruled by the majority vote of NBG.  It's like one person (most
> likely the leader) will sound saintly by saying she always does NBG in
> her groups, and the rest just kind of go along with it.  I suspect
> those that don't care what the rules are don't really care about the
> item.
>
> Here's an example of what a great idea NBG is.
> I, a cleric, have gotten into the planks group in CT twice now.  3
> times a great melee earring dropped, and once a warrior only belt
> dropped. Of course the red swirling mass never popped, so no slimy
> boots :(
>
>  I've seen the earring go for maybe 60k on auction, and the belt also
> sells for 20k + I think.  The slimy boots go for 60k.  You can see
> what I'm getting at.  If I had been allowed to roll on the earrings, I
> could have maybe traded for the FT3 boots I desperately want.
>
> Then of course, these items aren't even lore so who knows if the
> people rolling doesn't already have the item tucked away in his
> backpack.  .
>
> Not to menton the situation could arise where say the warrior wins the
> earring and then the warrior only belt drops and there are no other
> warriors in the group.  People would be too polite to refuse to
> default the second item to the warriorr.
>
> I guess as a cleric I'm tired of seeing melee type items drop all the
> time.  Also, there seems to be more int caster items than priest only
> items (either by equppable restiritions or by sense ... Hail Netted
> Kelp) Most would sell for only a few hundred pp but I would think for
> the big ticket items that are droppable, there should be no question
> that everyone gets a chance to roll.  I guess I should be happy with
> my collection of 2hb sticks.
>
> I'm on Bristlebane.  Maybe it's a server thing.

NBG Sucks.  So does every other means of distributing loot, though.
So you have to go with your personal preference.

I'll tell you the secret to getting the loot distribution plan you like,
almost
every time.

Lead groups.

Here's how this works.

/who all friends

look at list, contact any that don't seem busy and see if they want to go
(hunt in CT, in this particular case, but whatever)

/who all GUILD

knowing who you scared up from friends, contact the people who would
fit in who aren't busy and ask the same thing, adding that you already
have
(class and level of your friends) but also need (job category you haven't
filled in)

/who all (class, level range) LFG

now look and see if there's anyone you know on that list, to fill in those

last couple slots.  Contact them on same basis

now (shudder) ask all of the above to look around for the missing
job slot if you have one, or bite the bullet and start contacting people
you don't know, "cold calling" them and hoping they are competant.
You might use their guild as a helpful hint, I know I do, there are guilds

where I avoid their players if possible, others where I will contact
their members first over other unknowns

OK, got that group arranged, hopefully most of them already moving
to ports.  Send the porter around to pick em all up, including you,
and deliver to as close to destination as you can get.

Have people check gear, buff up, and in you go.  Leading a group
can be as formal or informal as you want it to be.  One thing you
will find, though, is that what you say gets about 3 times as much
ear time as what any other member of the group says.  When it
comes to loot, say its random, not NBG, "since its a pickup group"

Just say it, like its obvious and not even worth discussing.  Nine
times out of ten you won't get any arguement at all.  And odds are,
that tenth time it will come from someone you -don't- know, who
curiously is the only member of a class present going in to an area
where a "his class only but not no-drop" item will drop.

If you say its NBG you will probably get the same response, by
the way.  Why?  Because as silly as it sounds, you are the leader.
Most people don't care all that much one way or another as long
as it seems fair, and to most people NBG and random both seem
fair.  Even if they -do- object to some extent to whichever your
choice is, they will still probably acquiesce.  Herd mentality and
a reluctance to be the first to stick their neck out contradicting the
leader go a long way.

Even if you aren't leader, being the first to bring up loot, and
presenting
random in a positive light, will probably yeild good results much
of the time.  What you have seen so far is NBG being the first
loot method proposed... the same forces that prevent you and
the average of two others who would prefer random from speaking
up will instead work to prevent the NBG preferred people from
calling you down.

I used to have similar problems with FFA looting, Alpha looting,
and the like, till I became assertive enough to ask "who's Masterlooter?"
before anyone called one of the other plans, or "can we do Masterloot?
I'd rather med than clean up bodies" if someone called one of the
other plans.  Turns out most people are happy to go with ML... to
the extent that these days I don't see the other loot plans used much
at all.

As a side benefit, you'll find that its far faster to form a group than
to wait around LFG for someone to invite you. As a cleric, this
wait won't be all that unbearably long, of course, but forming
your own group is -still- faster, and you get to go where you want
to go rather than wherever the group leader who invited you
wanted to go!

Bergh Brelltender
59 cleric and occaisional group leader
Morell Thule



