From 3410815157016909505
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4848e160c83b5dc3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 11 Aug 2004 12:25:48 -0500
Date: Wed, 11 Aug 2004 13:25:46 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Beastlord Aggro
References: <20040811114924.16860.00001919@mb-m20.aol.com>
In-Reply-To: <20040811114924.16860.00001919@mb-m20.aol.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <vKWdnf0j7-MBy4fcRVn-jA@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 99
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.249.109
X-Trace: sv3-QJS4jbKePDAc+2SD0/VbARBGnJW2O8gu3+qzywS82pSiHwYaH7ieb/weYo/zW9HRQbSsgMwmEoemQNy!4R3KmwyxUy+bnUQHckyrpSJDWb+4SKo5vOyC4NbG9UCJu7Fg6MfwJHDOgm1vdZnBkRyowIWYMksQ
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.13
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13024



Prelgor wrote:

> Hello!  I play a 43 troll beastlord, and I had a few LDON runs recently where I
> drew aggro several times.  On one run, we had a Paladin, Druid, Beastlord (me)
> and 2 Wizards.  I occasionally drew aggro from the Paladin, although he was
> quite good about getting it back.  On the next night, we had a Cleric, Paladin
> (same one), Shadowknight, Ranger, Beastlord (me) and Enchanter.  
> 
> On the first run, I thought getting aggro was a good thing.  It drove up the
> hate counters, so once the pally got it back, it should have been that much
> harder for the wizards to grab it.  The pally was very good about taking aggro
> back, but the wizards still got smacked around from time to time.  No one died,
> for what that's worth.  
> 
> On the second run, the cleric complained about me drawing aggro.  Always listen
> to the cleric...  The SK was tanking and presumably was taking less damage in
> her plate than I was in leather.  As a result, I nuked later in the fight and
> switched to a lower level DoT (I still hoped for a Conjuration skillup) and
> tried to avoid aggro when I could.  In this group, there was no one who seemed
> to need protecting, so tank-mez generally wasn't necessary.  
> 
I'm confused.  Were you getting aggro as in getting smacked a couple 
times and then the pally had it back, or were you getting it and keeping 
it for a while?  There's nothing wrong with DPS classes getting hit a 
few times per fight, if you are regenning back the damage; heck, instead 
of costing the healer mana, this actually saves him a bit, as its that 
much less damage the MT is taking.

But if he's healing you, then he's right, you're probably wasting his 
mana.  Question is, if he was healing you, was it because he had to, or 
because he had a hair trigger response that made him try and keep 
everyone Full HP all the time?  I've had several battles with healers 
about this very issue on my Berserker; I've got a good idea how much of 
a beating I can take without becoming a burden, and I usually arrange 
very happily to take that much damage most of the time.



> Basically, should I ever be trying to draw aggro?  I'll try to draw a mob off
> the cleric, but generally not off the enchanter (don't break mez!).  I'd been
> figuring that my AC was at least OK, and I've got troll regen, so I can take
> the occasional hit.  Is it reasonable to try to ping-pong aggro with the MT to
> keep more fragile groupmates safe, or is that not such a good idea?  My
> rationalization relies heavily on the assumption that my DPS outstrips the
> tank's DPS, but he can leapfrog over me with Taunt.  If MT aggro generation is
> mostly from additive +hate effects (stun, hate proc, etc.) then I have to
> abandon this whole idea, since I'm just making him work harder, not
> "powerleveling" his hate total.  I also assume that my DPS (excluding pet) >
> tank DPS, which is what makes this even an issue.  
> 
In most groups with an enchanter, nobody but him should ever worry about 
any mobs but the one the MT is on.  If there's anyone who might be on 
the job of protecting the enchanter, its a cleric since you happen to 
have one; a no damage root and a no damage stun, neither of which can 
screw up a mez.  Barring that, you also had another tool for dealing 
with adds that doesn't screw up a mezzer; your pet.  Because pets come 
off mobs when mez hits, they make excellent speed bumps, far better than 
any melee, who can easily fail to respond quickly enough to a mez to 
avoid hitting and breaking.

You are correct that if you have a taunting MT, then you can boost his 
aggro by out aggroing him and then having him recover it with taunt. 
This requires, though, that he be aware of your plan and cooperate with 
it, by waiting on taunt until you get aggro.  Many tanks just 
automatically spam the taunt button every time it comes up, or include 
it in a hotkey along with kick and anything else they can do, and just 
mash it constantly.  If the tank ends up taunting just before you do 
something that out aggros him, then he's not going to get much benefit 
from your action.  Plus, taunt fails a lot, there's every chance on any 
given time you grab from him that he won't get aggro back the first time 
he tries taunt.

Since warrior aggro relies heavily on procs, he isn't really in an ideal 
position to follow up your getting aggro by a combination of taunt and 
then spell.  On the other hand, pally and SK aggro hardly rely on taunt 
at all, and thus they too aren't all that likely to benefit, although 
they are in a much better position to do so.

> I solo a fair amount also, and I'm starting to see my tank-ability go down. 
> I've been clearing Gunthak beach without much trouble, but blue-con mobs in
> Grimling Forest really tore me up pretty badly.  Are my days of tanking xp mobs
> drawing to a close?  
> 
I don't have any direct experience as a beastlord at your level (I think 
I only got up to around 27).  But I've certainly seen beastlords up to 
level 60 or so soloing mobs and functioning as tank in groups where a 
plate class wasn't handy.  The key is to pick mobs you can handle, and 
to remember the mantra SLOW SLOW SLOW; this is how my Berserker 
continues to solo and MT at 51, I pick mobs I can handle, and chain stun 
them; when available I ask for slows on about half the targets I face in 
a group; anything thats going to live long enough not to waste the slow 
mana.  If I'm taking a quarter of what the mob "normally" dishes out, 
then I can tank as well as someone with twice the AC and twice the HP, 
thats my logic anyway.

Grage, 51 Berzerk, Luclin



