From 855156814653540218
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7650ec5f977d4531
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newshub.sdsu.edu!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ngpeer.news.aol.com!audrey-m2.news.aol.com!not-for-mail
Lines: 43
X-Admin: news@aol.com
From: dannydmc@aol.comnocamp (Danny D Mc)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Date: 28 Sep 2004 22:05:35 GMT
References: <PoadnZAyF7N_fsXcRVn-rQ@dejazzd.com>
Organization: AOL http://www.aol.com
Subject: Re: President George Bush Assasinated
Message-ID: <20040928180535.10984.00001091@mb-m14.aol.com>
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:18006

>I told her to write in Jimmy Carter. 

While many of the things you said, were intelligently thought out, and I differ
on your opinions, this one is the most blatant of all.

People dislike Bush on many issues.  As I said, I disagree on some of his
economic and immigration issues.  Some dislike his foreign policy and others
his stance on abortion, gay rights, etc. etc.

Carter, without a doubt, had the worst four economic years of any president in
the past 200 years.  His foreign policy allowed our hostages to be taken in
Iran as well as allowing the Soviet Union to grow stronger and invade other
nations while repressing others.  His immigration policies allowed hundreds of
thousands of criminal immigrants to arrive from Cuba, Haiti, and the Dominican
Republic.  If there ever was a President we should have forgotten, it was Jimmy
Carter.

As far as people being a self made man to be in office...well Bush did not
inherit all the money he has, nor did Reagan, Clinton, or any of the other
Presidents, but it was their wealth that allowed them to become President. 
None of those men, regardless of how intelligent or charismatic they are/were
would have ever gotten elected without their money.

This year's field is not much stonger.  I voted for Bush because Gore was a
complete moron.  A politician with no ideas or direction, just a typical stooge
for his party which chanted the same four lines at every political rally. 
Remember,  "Risky Tax Scheme" heard 5 thousand times during the election. 
Kerry is the same way, repeating nothing new, no ideas, no vision, just "I can
do it better".  Until the democratic party can put up a candidate with no only
intellligence, but charisma, AND an actual single idea, they will not control
the White House.

I did see Kerry on the Daily show, I saw Gore on Saturday Night Live, I saw
Jesse Jackson on Staurday Night Live.  If they would be as personable during
their campaigns then I would be more open to their ideas, but like most of the
liberals now, they talk down to the public.  They think that they "know better"
and we are just too stupid to figure things out.

On a scale of one to ten, Kerry would be a one, Bush a close two. 
Unfortunately, all we have to look for in the furture is more of the same. 
Hillary Clinton in 2008?  Don't think so.  The Republican side isn't any
better.  Heck our local politicians are a better choice, although they dont
have money...YET!


