From 31097429283322198
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,532c2e81a743a709
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-08 13:59:35 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!lnsnews.lns.cornell.edu!newsstand.cit.cornell.edu!news.stealth.net!news.stealth.net!cyclone1.gnilink.net!spamfinder.gnilink.net!nwrddc04.gnilink.net.POSTED!f7fccf0b!not-for-mail
From: "John Kievlan" <jodakim@attbi.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <7cf28864.0301080743.301c17e5@posting.google.com> <pRXS9.1632$V6.2263@news.indigo.ie> <cnZS9.26285$1c.23599@nwrddc01.gnilink.net> <jvto1vsi3gt9dp1bgrsvejejiu68sfqq79@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: Military EQ Gamers who are Shipping Out
Lines: 105
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Message-ID: <bb1T9.7017$db.6398@nwrddc04.gnilink.net>
Date: Wed, 08 Jan 2003 21:59:35 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 4.62.88.224
X-Complaints-To: abuse@verizon.net
X-Trace: nwrddc04.gnilink.net 1042063175 4.62.88.224 (Wed, 08 Jan 2003 16:59:35 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 08 Jan 2003 16:59:35 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:256857

> As for comparisons with World War II.  It was all about economics.  We
> all know that; it's in the history books.

Is that so?  Whose history books?  Who, exactly, wrote these history books?
And, again I'll make this point, you are making the ridiculous point that so
many people cling to -- that a country is wrong in defending another country
if it has any personal interest in that country.  In effect what you're
saying is that helping out your allies is a self-serving and evil action,
simply because they're your allies and that means that you're not motivated
for a good reason but only because you want to help your friends.

> The UK only declared war on Germany because of their refusal to
> withdraw from Poland - our trading partners.  If Germany withdrew then
> the rest of Europe would have fallen perhaps and we would have traded
> happily with Germany.

See above.  Also, I'd like to see proof that the only reason the UK entered
the war was because they didn't want to lose trade with Poland.

> As it happened we entered the war.  After the Battle of Britain it
> could have done two ways.  We could have continued or could have sued
> for peace.  What would have happened was that we would have kept the
> colonies in the Far East and carried on trading.

And I'm sure that would have greatly pleased you.  Who cares that Hitler
would have oppressed and murdered millions more people?  Who cares that he
would have had a massive base from which to launch an attack to take over
the world?  Who cares that he would have had nuclear weapons in a few short
years?  Who cares about any of that, because England wouldn't have to pursue
this war anymore.

Incidentally you're negating your own point.  You said the the only reason
the UK entered the war was for economic reasons.  In the same breath you're
saying that the UK chose to continue a war contrary to it's economic
interests in the Far East, and, by inference, that she did so *to protect
her economic interests*!!  You might consider reexamining your logic.

> If was the second meeting between Churchill and Roosevelt, as I
> recall, which changed that.  Roosevelt wanted to get something out of
> it if the US joined in.  Nothing to do with moralities or who was
> right or wrong but what the US could get out of the situation.  The
> same as us when we joined in.

As I recall every meeting with Churchill ended in a flat refusal by
Roosevelt to become militarily involved until Pearl Harbor.  As I recall the
UK practically begged for US support, and after some time to consider
(hardly a mark of a warmongering, trigger-happy nation, don't you think?),
proposed a compromise to the UK, since they were semi-allied to us, in which
we would rent military equipment to the British government for use in the
war.

> You know what the deal was?  We had to pay the US for the use of their
> men, ships and arnaments.  Payments that still went on to until the
> 1960s which almost bankrupted the UK.   Then we also had to give up
> India, Malaysia and the African colonies because until then the US
> didn't have a look in on the trade routes.

Who exactly was preventing us from trading there?  Nobody forced us to stay
out of the trade with British colonies, as a matter of fact I believe a good
deal of our trade was with Britain and her colonies.  If we truly wanted to
take control of these colonial economies, why did we not simply take control
of them ourselves?  We got nothing out of the deal... Britain lost something
(her colonial empire) but we neither gained nor lost.  As far as I can tell,
you British were quite upset about losing your colonies, which accounted for
a good deal of anti-American sentiment in later years, but the excuse that
we just joined the war to make you guys lose your empire is a ridiculous
effort to vent your misplaced anger.

> Now, all it needed was an excuse for the US to join in.  Yes, Pearl
> Harbor could have been avoided but without this event Roosevelt
> couldn't go to the American people and go back on his word that
> America wouldn't take part in another World War.

I've seen a number of conspiracy theories stating that the US government
knew all about the Japanese plan to bomb Pearl Harbor but did nothing so
that they would have a reason to declare war.  I have never seen actual
evidence of this.  Feel free to post it if you have any.  On the other hand,
if the US did not have prior inside information about the attack, it's
ridiculous to say that we could have easily avoided it.  There was to reason
to believe that Japan was capable of lanching that attack.  Most military
experts believed it impossible unless Japan could occupy nearer islands as
stepping-stones to launch the attack.  As it was, it took a massive amount
of planning and some extremely ingenious operations on the part of the
Japanese Navy to both launch the attack, and to launch it rapidly and
secretly enough to surprise the entire world.

> Sadly, many millions died for for the usual reasons; commerce and
> trade.  It's hard, in fact, not to find a war in the history books
> whose roots are not the same.   This one coming up won't be any
> different.

While I agree with you that nearly every war in history had as its cause the
greed of political leaders, you are making a ridiculous generalization to
say that that greed was the cause on both sides.  For example, Hitler's war
was largely begun to enrich Germany.  However, the Allied war was designed
to stop Hitler, not to enrich them.  If you're going to claim that we went
into the war for economic reasons, why stop there?  Why not claim (as some
conspiracy theorists have) that we secretly provided the impetus to start
WWII simply so that we could gain from it?  And your theory is doubly
ridiculous in that the internal American economy and the standard of living
of the average American was severely hurt by the war -- we did not begin to
recover until the war was over.  Not to mention that the loss of so many
millions of troops made a fair dent in the American workforce.




