From 488697956635896447
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e00dfa88b851d95a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!bcklog1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 26 Jun 2006 05:46:07 -0500
Date: Mon, 26 Jun 2006 06:46:06 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: No Newbie Armor
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <9sSdnXgQQflyJwLZnZ2dnUVZ_oydnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 58
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.44.210
X-Trace: sv3-TXf/UNUWOroGI0p/CB6YMp8n5SFNYGWUFbTFpecVR+uJl1WNyGhOFUJ/sJcHkLo0YtiSkaxFURe6Jsy!PnwXfhpdZ8u96Ed/f/gemezYgNfEpeXSxHUSB2SAI7HYoS71N32NyVuzaF/wB304RgqmZif9z8ip!dVvtmGa9l9M=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:2718

So, I've been toying around with class/race combinations looking forward 
to the Progression servers opening, and one of the things I was doing 
was trying out the newbie armor quests.  While hardly astonishing, the 
stuff is generally better than the tutorial Gloomiron/chain/leather/silk 
stuff, which by the way also won't be available.

Now I see a strong indication that the newbie armor quests won't be 
available on Progression at release.

So what are the alternatives?  Well, there's tradeskill stuff, for one 
thing.  There's vendor buyable for another.  There are some dropped 
armors.  And there are some quested armors besides the newbie stuff. 
And the final option, blowing off armor for a while.

Tradeskill.  Investment in time and cash to learn the skill yourself, 
and get to the point where you can make what you wear.  Or investment in 
cash and buying it from players.  Whats the downside?  Well, until quite 
high levels, all we are talking about here is AC stuff.  ANd not 
particularly high AC at that.  Question being (and I've asked this since 
shortly after I started playing) does AC really matter much?

Vendor Buyable.  This stuff is EXPENSIVE, and is another case of mere 
AC.  With the easier "massive pp" stuff for lowbies having been nerfed, 
I can't see this as a viable alternative.

Dropped armors.  Tends to be a mishmash, but I seem to recall going this 
route, and not being naked.  Again, tends to be AC only, and tends to 
favor the leather classes at low end of game; the "plate" and even 
"chain" classes end up wearing leather stuff too.  I'd love to see 
thoughts, though, as to where and how to best progress in terms of 
getting dropped armor.

Quested armor.  Immediately coming to mind are the Sol Ro stuff, but on 
a more basic level, crushbone belts or even bone chips in Kaladim yeild 
a plentiful supply of patchwork leather.  I'd love to see a thread on 
this one, though.

But there's the interesting alternative, blowing off armor entirely.  As 
I suggested before, in small quantities, AC has never impressed me as 
effective; mobs seem to hit about as hard, about as often, over quite a 
range of AC.  And of course there are classes which don't care much 
about AC anyway; in fact thats about 75% of them; if they don't spend 
much time getting hit, then it doesn't matter all that much how hard or 
frequently they do get hit when it happens... and anyway since they 
can't wear plate, its hard to get up into that "it matters" range.  IF 
their gear has other stats, or clicky effects or focus effects on it, 
well that matters, but at low levels, for the most part, it doesn't.  So 
just skip it!

I've been leaning heavily towards a shadowknight, only trouble being a 
hard time finding a decent weapon at low levels.  But now I'm suddenly 
reconsidering, one of my earlier "maybe I'll do this" was a wizard, 
another class I've barely played.  If getting groups isn't too hard, the 
only gear I'd be interested in for quite a while would be focus effect 
stuff.  Or if it wasn't for the wrist pain, I'd go with the most "who 
cares about gear" class of all, bard.

Lance


