From -4675053678533140196
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cb4d147fc32fc1df
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-03 22:29:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!newsfeed.earthlink.net!stamper.news.pas.earthlink.net!stamper.news.atl.earthlink.net!newsread1.news.atl.earthlink.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F7E5ABD.DFC04930@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <anniebenlen@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Interesting group for LDoN
References: <3F7CE16F.DBCAB9D0@dejazzd.com> <3F7CE368.60500@aol.com> <3F7CEBEC.C971A02F@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 94
Date: Sat, 04 Oct 2003 05:29:26 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 63.157.28.1
X-Complaints-To: abuse@earthlink.net
X-Trace: newsread1.news.atl.earthlink.net 1065245366 63.157.28.1 (Fri, 03 Oct 2003 22:29:26 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 03 Oct 2003 22:29:26 PDT
Organization: EarthLink Inc. -- http://www.EarthLink.net
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:631



Lance Berg wrote:
> 
> Hmm, the ONLY server with the dreaded Trivial Loot Code.  The
> only server (except perhaps one of the zeks?) without a common
> language. 

I believe, but I could be wrong, that even the zeks have common tongue.

> Whats there to like?  He doesn't even know Teapray,
> which is the principle reason I'm there! 


    Aw!  /blush


> And then there's the
> roleplay friendly environment, which I enjoy in small doses...
> but apparantly is anathema to this particular barbie!

    There's roleplaying, and then there's roleplaying.  I guess you
could say that I do roleplaying "lite".  I don't try to "speak" with an
accent, because I would surely screw it up and end up sounding dumb. 
But I do have a biography for Tea and Lenny, and I try to act within the
confines of my character (kinda snooty and bossy, I am a High Elf, after
all, but I married an ogre, so I am fallen and consider myself to be a
neutral).  But others carry it to further levels, as I am sure you have
seen.  Evil characters are rude to "lightbringers".  Guild charters that
require that one not group with either goods or evils.  I have had dark
elves refuse rezzes and heals from me, because of my race.  And many
times I have been chewed out for marrying an ogre.  All of this can be
fun, of course, but it can also just as easily turn to tiresome.

> Oh, and there's the fact that there's very little by way of "no
> drop" stuff.  So perhaps he's the beneficiary of some
> outrageously good twinking that nobody on any other server could
> hope for... probably by virtue of buying pp on EBay.  Thats the
> only benefit I can think of for such a player.

    This is actually a hot issue on the FV community board.  There is a
fear that the loot whores from other servers will flock here for lack of
No Drop code, fueled with Yantis' or Player Auction's plat will bring
the worst of blue server mentality to the calm shores of FV (and before
anyone flames me, remember that I'm just reporting how the hard-liners
of FV feel.  They do not consider FV to be a blue server, even though it
technical is).  

   But I don't know how well a true 3L33t Dudz would fair on FV in the
long run.  Yes, they could get planer gear in the bazaar and PL
themselves up fairly quickly.  But if they engage in real antisocial
activities like training people and such, they will quickly find
themselves blacklisted from the top guilds.  Reputation means alot on
FV, and the top guilds respect that.  There are no Cats in the Hats (or
their equivalent) on FV to my knowledge, and I think I would have have a
pretty good idea if there were.
 
> For me, a great benefit is the fact that people like him tend to
> avoid the FV server... how he slipped by the filters I don't
> know.

   Slipping through is one thing.  Staying in, especially past the 40's
and *especially* for a grouping class, is another.  Most of the
hard-liners are tolerant of other's right to not roleplay, but they will
not be kind to anyone that actively tries to put it down in others when
they come across it.  I would wager that Barbie Boy has a rude awakening
coming to him, and he will sooner or later decided that FV sucks, and
move back to a more hospitable server.
 
> Splendid One, 38 Gnomage, Firiona Vie

   You're leveling fast.
   
> Plus its named after that hot milk elf in bondage herself

   She's only occasionally in bondage.  Mostly she just runs around in
that blue silk bikini.  Even when she's thigh deep in snow!

--
Annie

To join the alt.games.everquest chat channel type /join
serverwide.age:age 
If you want to stayed joined, then after that type /autojoin
serverwide.age:age

Currently playing:
Teapray-- 46 High Elf Cleric on Firiona Vie

Lentea-- 31 Ogre Beastlord On Firiona Vie

--
If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write
me.


