From -2688408227514545182
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,74d002803ec94c37,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-04-06 17:40:06 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!newsflash.concordia.ca!sunqbc.risq.qc.ca!nntp1.njy.teleglobe.net!teleglobe.net!newsfeed.wirehub.nl!news.stealth.net!newscon02.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!cyclone.swbell.net!nnrp2.sbc.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Daniel" <daniel_h_w@yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Kicked out of Norath, trouble getting back.
Lines: 67
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2615.200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
Message-ID: <Phtz6.70$ZG2.100577@nnrp2.sbc.net>
Date: Fri, 6 Apr 2001 19:35:51 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.179.27.18
X-Complaints-To: abuse@swbell.net
X-Trace: nnrp2.sbc.net 986603759 24.179.27.18 (Fri, 06 Apr 2001 19:35:59 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 06 Apr 2001 19:35:59 CDT
Organization: SBC Internet Services
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:63947

    I was fighting in Swamp of No Hope, after my recent luck of finally
finding a set of yellow cons after nothing but green or red. I engaged in
combat with a man eating vine. A great team, a LV10 Iksar Shadow Knight and
skeleton pet, armed with a rusty dagger which I pulled in during an evening
of fishing, and I armed with a set of rhino hide armor, a large shield (AC7)
for bashing, one of those swords that is shaped like a tree branch, and my
spells.  All was well after the close battle in which I barely survived, and
yet was not forced to use my harm touch.  We went to the fallen Iksar statue
nearby so that I may rest and heal for our next battle. I ask my pet how he
is doing and he replies that he only has 47% of his hit points remaining. I
thought to myself, "I thought he did allot better than that this past
battle, he was hardly hurt, and that was in the battle's beginning." Then
suddenly I heard his bones rattle and a crushing sound as they collapse to
the ground. I was not even able to stand and run before being bashed down by
a Froglok Tuk Warrior who was slightly higher level than I.
    After returning to the Field of Bone I memorize my spells again and set
off in search of my corpse. I enter the swamp again and this time was not
careful to check my location. I became lost and was taking quite some time
to get back in the proper direction. Suddenly everything went black.
    Back in the real world I waited for the rare problem to be resolved. For
an unknown reason I could not power back on after the usual amount of time
had passed. Checking the main breakers, it wasn't just my computer, but the
whole house. Someone went outside to try the main switch, which was
unsuccessful. We then noticed the meter was not moving, no power was
reaching us. We had no choice but to wait. Checking a few neighbors revealed
the same results. Soon power was restored and I began to power everything
back on (when your main computer, and also your EQ computer is a Athlon GHz,
256MB RAM, and a 45GB and 30GB hard drive, + DVD-ROM/CD-RW drive, you turn
that computer OFF and unplug it during power surges, even though it is going
through one protector which is going through another).
    I re-established my connection, though had to wait for the cable modem
to power back on and make its connection, then reset my router, then log
onto the network, but I did eventually after a few more power outages, get
re-connected. Then after a few short seconds of connection, blackout again.
(insert choice words at this point)
    Now the problem was that the cable modem couldn't make connection with
the server (insert more choice words since there is a possibility that the
server is in electrical problem range and therefore its a problem I can't
fix and have to wait on someone else to get fixed). After near 5 minutes I
finally decided to call the cable company (COX) tech support to verify their
server outage. Suddenly, while on hold, blackout again (think most people
have used all known choice words at this point, time to find some new ones).
    Again trying to fix problem myself, only to again see that my part is
working but the Internet server is not responding. So yet again I call the
cable company to see if they have any idea how long this will last (and why
doesn't their server have a backup power supply?). This time after power had
stayed on for about 5 minutes, I did get connection. Of course they guy said
the server is working and I do have connection now (he didn't need to tell
me that, I by this time had been connected a few minutes and was just
waiting to see if he could verify weather or not the server was previously
having problems, to help determine what the problem was). Well he too
questioned weather or not their Internet server would have a backup power
supply or be just like most of us and if power goes out then it goes off.
    Now to get back to Norath, seeing that power appears to be staying on,
and find my corpse.
    Additional information: Yesterday I found my corpse standing on the leg
of the fallen Iksar statue in Swamp of No Hope. Yes, STANDING. Due to some
bug in the location I died in, he was standing straight up, but as if he had
ran into a window (face smashed and turned sideways, tail smashed against
his body and sticking out to the side like he had a giant ____.

LV10 Shadow Knight Iksar and hater of Frogloks of Kunark who longs to get
rich enough to say "screw foraging, and screw muffins for food. I want
revenge, I'm eating nothing but fried Froglok legs (purchased from most
Cabilis food merchants).




