From 2905682752769005732
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4bff176a8b23e57d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-30 15:05:30 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: New to RPG, been waiting for everquest
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <bdbutt00bf3cn0ioltc4bohb3080v50k15@4ax.com>
References: <3bdec266@news.iprimus.com.au>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 97
Date: Tue, 30 Oct 2001 23:05:30 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1004483130 24.3.225.40 (Tue, 30 Oct 2001 15:05:30 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 30 Oct 2001 15:05:30 PST
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:131044

On Wed, 31 Oct 2001 01:12:51 +1000, "Michael Lynch"
<norfarm@iprimus.com.au> wrote:

>Hi all,
>
>I didn't even know there was an EQ newsgroup.
>
>AS I have never played an RPG before, some advice please.
>
>Can EQ be compared to ultima online ?  I want to get started on one or the
>other, maybe both.

Yes, in the same way you can compare an apple to an orange.

EQ is far more polished than UO and gets updated far more and new
content far more. 

As far as I know UO only got the one add on, Renaissance, then a semi
3d upgrade (which I heard was horrible) I don't claim to know much
about UO though since I quit 5 months after it was out since I did not
much care for it. At that time you HAD to macro afk in order to
compete with all the players killing each other who macroed up to
maximum potential while AFK. I just did not see the point in mainly
gaining power in an mmorpg while I was sleeping. Later I guess they
tried to stop macroing, though I hear it still goes on, but they also
tried to make it pointless by instead giving you burst periods of
faster skill gain which seem like a better idea. 

UO uses a skills by use model for everything which I always thought
was a pretty horrible way to do it since basically it just rewards
repetition, macroing and beating on trapped animals in your house,
training them, etc. It was an mmorpg where the best way to accel was a
lot of back door shenanigans instead of just going out and
adventuring. Some people still like it and play it though after all
this time, possibly mainly because there is really not much which is
better to play ;)

Everquest uses a gain by killing bats and beetles and sellng their
drops for a few silver here and there experience table based model
with some skills by use added in but each level has a cap for as good
as skills can get. You have no house or way to trap animals in it in
EQ though, since in EQ creatures ignore obstacles in order to make up
for shortcomings in the AI. No, I'm not saying that UO's AI was
better, just that they thought trapping stuff forever was fine. I
imagine if you stuck a couple small boxes in front and on the sides of
a grizzly bear in real life though, he also would be trapped in your
room!

So anyway all gain in EQ is killing stuff to level, making it sort of
the only point in the game which also gets old. The other thing to do
besides try to gain XP is about as much of a treadmill, its "camping"
rare spawns for possibly rare drops (the old double rare!) Camping is
where you hang out at a "static" spawn, that is a spawn spot in which
you know "X" creature can eventually rarely spawn and rarely drop "X"
very good thing to have. 

The withholding of leveling and gear is the genius formula which makes
EQ so addictive and popular. So in a sense it is very successful and
we all still play because of what are essentially design flaws which
promote behavior which even the game makers have said they are against
(which to me is amazing, because I say "so you designed that to
happen... why?" )

I'm not really famillar enough with the changes in UO since I quit to
know what the formula for addiction is in it but we really have yet to
see a massively muliplayer game where the formula for addicion is
simply that the game is a whole lot of damn good fun, basically giving
you an orgasm of fun!


>I am waiting for the computer store in my litle town to get get everquest
>but they do have UO.

Both are probably examples in one form or another, depending on your
personal tastes, of the best MMORPGS which exist still. This is either
saying a lot for UO which is getting pretty primitive now, or its NOT
saying a lot for the industry. The new game to throw on the pile is
now DAOC, or fully named "Dark Ages of Camelot." It could basically be
summoned up as EQ without witholding quite as much so the fun is more
of an addiction but its probably more like it than unlike it. I played
asherons call for about 20 minutes of SUCK in the beta for it and
never had the slightest desire to play it again, but some people swear
by it also. So basically one of these will probably fit your tastes if
you try them all. Its kind of impossible to say which is the best or
worse though because just about everyone has some great things about
it while also really sucking.

I'm back to enjoying Everquest though so I'm kind of biased, though
maybe you could not tell. To me its a good thing to be able to pick
out the faults of something even if you do think its okay.





Email: dstephenathomedotcom
Find the @ and the . if you really need to.


