From 2118576354211760221
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a1e8dcf87113a6e8,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-05 11:20:40 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <c1f3f59e7eca66932c8d2eb3fd1c9caa@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news-out.visi.com!hermes.visi.com!green.readfreenews.net!news.readfreenews.net!news-xfer.cox.net!peer02.cox.net!cox.net!news3.optonline.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Wed, 05 Nov 2003 19:15:51 GMT
Lines: 131
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 15: I, Dog
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6016


Tales of Loral, Chapter 15: I, Dog

A cool breeze brought the scents of fragrant flowers, cooking meat, and 
clear waters. The sounds of trees rustling and of a near-by waterfall 
made Dog's ears perk lazily into the air. Dog was relaxing under the 
shade of a tree, watching his friend, Rex, wrestle a smaller companion 
to the ground by grabbing it's hind legs in his mouth and pulling 
forward. It wasn't angry fighting, it was fun fighting and that made Dog 
happy. Rex and the younger one bounded and yelped happily at each other. 
In a little while Dog would join them, but now Dog was full and 
preferred sit in the soft green grass, listen to the soft sounds, and 
smell the smells of this happy and green place. Dog had never felt such 
peace in his life.

Dog woke with a kick to his side and he yelped as he came to his feet. 
Gone was the soft breeze, replaced by the harsh frigid air as it 
billowed through the caverns around him. The feeling of his full stomach 
was replaced with the growling pain of hunger he had known all his life. 
He looked around for Rex but remembered that he hadn't seen him in some 
time. Others were there, the mean ones. Dog liked happy fighting, but 
these others were mean and angry. They smelled of hate and blood. Dog 
had been here as far back as he could remember. He was always cold and 
always hungry. Sometimes he would be taken out into the snow where he 
wasn't allowed to play and chase the small bunnies, but instead had to 
track for Masser. Most of the time Dog stayed in the icy pit, with the 
others. They were all cold and hungry and always angry. They weren't 
nice like Rex was, they didn't like each other and they didn't like him. 
This made Dog sad, he missed Rex.

After getting to his feet, Dog suddenly smelled something in the air. 
Strangers, here in his home. Masser was above him, yelling angrily as 
usual. He was pushing Dog and the others through the icy caverns and 
into the larger halls. Everyone was excited, and this made Dog afraid. 
Strangers didn't often come here, and when they did, it was always 
exciting. It also meant food, which was good, Dog was very hungry. But 
it meant something else. It meant the bad word. Dog didn't like the bad 
word though the others did.

Masser pushed and kicked them into the main halls where others like 
Masser were all running around. At the end of the hall, a group of small 
ones stood. They smelled different than Maser, it was far less strong. 
They also made sounds much lower and more soothing than the gruff and 
loud noises Masser and his kind made. There were about twelve of them, 
in a small pack. They held many sharp things and some had strange lights 
around their hands and bodies. Masser's people slashed and cut at the 
small ones with their sharp-sticks, while the small ones dove and dodged.

When Masser saw the small ones, he kicked Dog forward and Dog knew the 
bad word would come. Dog hated the word but didn't remember why. Even 
though it meant a full belly and it made Masser happy, it made Dog sad. 
But he knew had no choice. The others around him lowered down to the 
ground, ready to pounce with shouts and howls of excitement. Dog got in 
line as well, he knew what he must do. Then the word came.

"Kill!"

Dog and the others rushed into the mob of small ones. Dog was aware of 
the others falling or yelping as strange lights hit them or they were 
poked with the sharp-sticks. He was aware of the sad and dark smells of 
burning hair and blood. He saw the small ones scatter and lunge, 
avoiding the charge of Dog and his pack. The others each picked out a 
small one to wrestle, and Dog picked his as well, a smaller one than 
even the others, holding a stick and wearing dark robes. Dog almost 
stopped when the aroma of the small one caught him, it was the smell of 
the fields and streams he had been dreaming of. A sudden vision of the 
pond and trees came back but was soon out of his mind as the word struck 
him again. He bared his teeth and lunged at the small one, knowing that 
soon the horrible burning in his stomach would be gone. Then the small 
one spoke to him. It wasn't the guttural noises of Maser, it was smooth 
and as coherent as he could imagine.

"He is not your master, he is the enemy. You have been hurt by him and 
he will hurt you again. Attack him and you will be free. I am your 
master and I love you."

Dog's head swam with the memories of his entire life with more clarity 
than ever before. He remembered the day his mother was taken from him, 
along with her soothing warmth and mother's milk. He remembered being 
beaten and yelled at by Masser, being told to "Kill" as he attacked 
other small ones. He remembered wrestling happily with Rex, but then 
remembered something very sad. He remembered hearing the word, but this 
time while in a hole with Rex. Rex heard the word too and they were both 
sad, they didn't want to wrestle each other down here. But they did. Rex 
went for his back legs but Dog managed to clamp down on Rex's throat as 
he rushed in. Dog squeezed even as Rex yelped and thrashed about. He 
continued to squeeze, feeling warmth drip down his throat and mouth, 
until Rex went to sleep. Masser took him away and fed him which made him 
happy, but he never saw Rex again. All of these memories flooded through 
his mind, but one thought stayed constant. Masser didn't love him.

He turned and saw Masser shouting the word over and over. He would 
follow the word, but not on the small one who loved him. Dog rushed and 
jumped at Masser, sinking his teeth into Masser's throat. Dog smelled 
the fear inside him. He heard the shouts and excitement from the others 
around him and heard the high pitched scraping of the sharp-stick Maser 
kept at his belt. Dog felt a sudden sharp pain in his side. He felt 
warmth on his side where the pain was, but also felt warmth in his mouth 
and knew that this was good. Maser fell to the ground with Dog on top of 
him. The sharp pain came back, this time in his stomach. He heard 
Masser's sounds of gurgling become softer. Than the sounds stopped. 
Masser had gone to sleep, and that made Dog happy. Dog tried to stand up 
but realized he couldn't. He rolled off of Maser and landed on his side 
in the icy cavern. It was hard to breath. His eyes fell onto the small 
one who spoke nicely to him, the one who loved him. The small one smiled 
at him and made soothing sounds that Dog couldn't understand. He knew he 
had done well and was happy. Then Dog went to sleep.

The cool evening made Dog feel a little sleepy as he sat in the field of 
grass, watching the fish in the stream. He listened to the quiet sounds 
of trees rustling and birds chirping. His belly was full and he was 
happy. When he first arrived here Dog met a tall pretty woman who 
smelled like the grassy lands around him. When he had wondered what this 
place was, the woman spoke in a soft voice to him the same way the small 
one did. The woman told him to be happy, that he would never be hungry, 
he could sleep when he wished, and could always play with his friend, 
Rex. Most importantly, he would never have to hear the bad word again. 
Dog stood up slowly and trotted across the stream. On the other side was 
Rex, who was chasing a small one around a group of trees. Both Rex and 
the small one were happy and having great fun. Dog was happy to see his 
friend again and trotted down to join them. Dog had never felt such 
peace in his life.

-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



