From 6555995575979697649
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,dea4b5130c7e716a
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-05-29 15:28:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news-out.nuthinbutnews.com!propagator-sterling!news-in.nuthinbutnews.com!isdnet!btnet-peer1!btnet-feed5!btnet!news.btopenworld.com!not-for-mail
From: "Sebet" <sebet@btopenworld.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: To the everquest News group
Date: Wed, 29 May 2002 22:27:04 +0000 (UTC)
Organization: Neriak's Least Wanted
Lines: 124
Message-ID: <ad3kjo$rub$1@helle.btinternet.com>
References: <9EUI8.14670$Jm.8344073@typhoon.neo.rr.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: host217-39-108-19.in-addr.btopenworld.com
X-Trace: helle.btinternet.com 1022711224 28619 217.39.108.19 (29 May 2002 22:27:04 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: news-complaints@lists.btinternet.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 29 May 2002 22:27:04 +0000 (UTC)
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Priority: 3
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:199159

There's no way under the Sun that I can hope to say anything here that
hasn't already been said, but I wanted to add my voice to the chorus.  It's
repetitive, I know, but hell, I doubt you're still here reading any more of
these replies anyway, having long since run for cover.


"exlr8me" <cprince@rr.com> wrote in message
news:9EUI8.14670$Jm.8344073@typhoon.neo.rr.com...
>
> First, I would like to apologize for my 13 year-old daughter's little
> rampage here on this news group.  Unfortunately for me, I know very little
> about the Internet, computers, and least of all about news groups, so I
had
> no idea that she had used my email accounts to post these messages.  Of
> course, this was after she lost the one I used for my MSN Instant
Messenger.

The consensus, with which I have to agree, seems to be that a parent who
pays no attention to what his child is doing is no parent at all.  The
Internet is not a toy, it is a communications tool.  And, while it is often
used, as in this group, for conversation about toys and games (for such is
EQ), that is NOT a guarantee that it is a suitable place for a child to be.
That's like assuming that "South Park" is a kids' show because it's in
cartoon format.

That, of course, is bearing in mind the reasonably common tactic, used in
many groups over the years, of passing the buck onto someone else in the
hope of saving face after being flamed for something.  And although I don't
know whether any studies have ever been done, I'd wager that "my kid
sister", whether real or invented, appears as the scapegoat more often than
not.  I wouldn't be surprised if there's a psychological conclusion to be
drawn from that...



> What I do know is that my little daughter came to me about an hour ago
> scared that someone was coming after her.  In today's society it takes a
lot
> to scare a teenager, as they are going through adolescence and sometimes
> think they know more then their parents, so I was quite distraught when
she
> came to me crying.  So I looked at the 3 posts that she started to find
out
> what made her jump to that conclusion, and gratefully I did not find
> anything that portrayed a threat her life.

No, you didn't.  Because, even in the time I've been in this group - which
is not all that long - I've come to the conclusion that most of the posters
here ARE adults (or at least capable of behaving like adults).  I've
certainly not seen all that many threads generate so much flame as yours
have.  You want to try hanging around the religion or politics groups - you
think THIS is bad, you ain't seen nothing yet.



> What I did find though, were some of you who called yourselves adults,
> rampaging far worse then she did.

Nonsense.  For a start, 'she' didn't "rampage" at all.  'She' simply wound
everyone up and then behaved remarkably LIKE a 13 year-old when 'she' didn't
get the replies 'she' wanted.  Incidentally, it's worth mentioning that
nobody here "rampaged" either.  You just got what you deserved for being
such a wimp.



> And what I find even more pathetic is
> that this is over Everquest's Users License Agreement, a GAME

Yeah, that's right - it's a GAME.  Just a GAME.  But it's also 100% of the
purpose of this newsgroup.  Therefore within the context of this group it is
the most important thing there is.  Now, if you'd made your suggestion out
in the street where people have more things to worry about you wouldn't have
got a second glance.  People might well have crossed the street to avoid
you, in fact.  But make a suggestion which might violate the rules of a game
in a newsgroup dedicated TO that game, and you might expect a strong
response from the people who play it.  To start bitching about "it's just a
game" is hardly going to cut any ice in here - and a moment's logical
thought would have told you that.



> So not only were rampaging like a child, but over something that
> didn't directly concern you.

Don't try to pull that one, pal.  The game is, as I've just said, the entire
content and purpose of this group.  The game's rules are the skeleton of the
game.  So in what way does the abuse of those rules - real or perceived -
NOT directly concern us, the players?



> My fatherly advice to most of you kids: Mind Your Own Business.  This was
> obvious a child's post, so the grownup thing to do would be to ignore it,
> not scare the poop out of a little girl.

And again - nobody got the poop scared out them.  Not your little
is-she-there-or-isn't-she girl, nor you, nor us, nor anyone else.  The only
thing that MAY have some scare potential is the possibility that once again
we have a parent who cares so little about their children that they don't
even bother to learn about what their kids are doing.  How do you expect to
protect your kid if you won't make the effort to find out what she's doing,
and what risks are involved?  YOU should know whether what she chooses to do
is dangerous or threatening in any way (and while the majority of net users
are decent people there are freaks and weirdoes in every community, real or
virtual).  YOU should be the one with all the information, and YOU should be
the one to pull the plug if you don't like what she's doing.

Like I said, the Internet isn't a toy.  Would you let your girl mess with
the phone, ring folk up at random or get herself onto chatlines?  No?  Then
why give her free reign on the net?  It's the same concept - even more so,
since the net is so much more wide-ranging.  Find yourself some backbone,
man, and get a grip on your child.  She's not going to thank you when she
gets older for just leaving her to her own devices.  Shit, you've heard all
this a dozen times already.  I just hope that, if she DOES exist, at least
ONE of these posts manages to get through to you and make you think.  Stop
bitching and wailing and trying to shift the blame.  'Cos at the moment it
belongs where it is:  right there at your feet.

--
SEBET
Old Enough To Know Better.




