From 1746251891944676890
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,81bdb42614e45d74,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-02-25 05:23:32 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-xit-08!supernews.com!newsfeed.news2me.com!newsfeed2.easynews.com!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!news-west.rr.com!cyclone.kc.rr.com!cyclone2.kc.rr.com!news2.kc.rr.com!twister.columbus.rr.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Peverbian <peverbian@yahoo.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.2.1) Gecko/20021130
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Paladin Newbie Quest
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 215
Message-ID: <VUJ6a.231505$GF.63882010@twister.columbus.rr.com>
Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2003 13:08:05 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.210.54.82
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: twister.columbus.rr.com 1046178485 24.210.54.82 (Tue, 25 Feb 2003 08:08:05 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 25 Feb 2003 08:08:05 EST
Organization: Road Runner High Speed Online -- Columbus
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:267209

After last night, I thought I'd post my walkthrough for the Froglok 
Paladin newbie quest as far as I got.  Am no where near high enough to 
take the Trolls yet, but this is a good bit.
-Kairu, 5 Paladin of Mithaniel Marr

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

Shin Master Grubbus says 'As I knew you would, you have found me.  You 
have even gone so far as to bring your letter with you.  Very well done 
indeed, young Shin Kairu.  You may dispose of that note if you feel the 
need; there is no longer use for it.  Your training has already begun 
and you have already proven you are not without ability.  I trust you 
have chosen this path because it is the most devout, and lends itself 
directly to our creator, Mithaniel Marr.  You will do well, I can 
foresee it.  First, though, you must make your way to the Bank and speak 
with Banker Zlopps so he can instruct you on the importance of stowing 
your valuables.  I give you one such valuable now, a brooch.  Keep it 
with you as you journey as it will keep your soul close to Marr.  Fare 
well, young Shin, and may the light of Marr guide you always.

You have successfully spoken with your guildmaster!  Now head to the 
Bank and speak with Banker Zlopps!

Dar Banker Zlopps says 'Welcome at last, young Shin.  Shin Master 
Grubbus sent word of your arrival and I have been expecting you.  It is 
crucial that you understand how important the bank can be for you.  You 
can deposit any and all of your valuables into the bank for safekeeping 
until you need them at some later time.  You can invest and remove any 
coin you may have gathered as well.  I've just given you 5 gold, so why 
not try it out?  Put the gold in your bank and then take it back out 
again.  It's all quite easy to understand.  When you are comfortable 
with using the bank, make your way to the Armory for the next part of 
your training.  Good luck to you, young Shin.

You have successfully spoken with Banker Zlopps!  Now head to the Armor 
merchants to continue your training!

Hail, Zok Sevrana!

Zok Sevrana says 'Welcome, young one.  I have been waiting for you to 
show up.  Word has spread rather quickly that your training is 
progressing quite well; of this I am glad.  Your next task is rather 
simple, but is of the utmost importance.  You must seek out 
Quartermaster Grik and pass along a message for me.  The message is that 
the new front lives.  make haste to him and return to me when you have 
complete the mission so I know he received it.  Good luck, Kairu.

You have spoken with the Armor merchant for the first time!  Now head to 
Quartermaster Grik to give him the message!

Quartermaster Grik says 'Ah, Kairu, I have been expecting you.  I'm glad 
you were so easily able to make your way to me, message still in tact. 
You have done well in this endeavor and I urge you to hurry back to the 
armor master who sent you to me.  Inform them that I have received the 
message successfully and all is well.  You are indeed proving to be 
quite the soldier in this grand Army.  Thank you, Kairu and good luck!'

You have successfully delivered the message to Quartermaster Grik!  Now 
return tot he Armor vendors to complete your task!

Zok Sevrana says 'Well done, Kairu!  You have proven that you can carry 
an important message and in the doing have met our renowned 
Quartermaster Grik.  We are very please that you were so quickly and 
efficiently able to deliver the message and return to me.  You will most 
assuredly do well in this Guktan Army.  For you troubles, take this 
piece of armor as a token of my appreciation, and as a token of your 
continued excellence in training.  Keep it up and more spoils may be on 
the path before you.'

You were successful in giving the Quartermaster the message!

She glares at yoyu, as though she were looking through you, then says 
'Make your way to the Mercantile.  There you should speak with Zok Pirk. 
  He will instruct you on what will be needed of you next in your 
training.  Good luck to you, young one.'

Now seek out the appropriate Tradeskill merchant to continue your training!

Zok Pirk says 'Greetings to you, Kairu.  I have been expecting your 
visit and am glad you made such good time in coming to me.  As you may 
or may not have noticed, I am one of the resident jewlers here in Gukta, 
serving the jewelling needs of our people for a respectable amount of 
time.  In general, I deal with high quality materials, but I have been 
curious about the possibility of refining certain lower quality 
materials to get a better one, thus decreasing my costs and increasing 
my profits.  I first need someone to go out into the swamp and find me 
some cracked aquamarine so I can try to refine it into a more valuable 
gem.  You are that someone, Kairu, so please hurry there and retrieve my 
cracked aquamarine so I can get started on my tests.'

Hailed and handed in aquamarine, got marine back, recieve cat's eye agate.

Zok pirk says "Ah, you have returned, and in pratcally no time at all. 
Beyond that, you were able to retrieve the cracked aquamarine for me, 
how very reliable you have proven to be in such a meager task.  Indeed 
this piece of your training was only a brief test and there will be more 
to come, as there always are in the life of a soldier of the Guktan 
Army.  In any case, the cracked aquamarine truly holds no value to me, 
it was just a test of your endurance, so you may dispose of it as you 
see fit.  You have done well, Kairu, and I see a great future for you. 
Oh, I almost forgot...'
You were succesful in returning with the Cracked Aquamarine!
He ponders for a moment, then says without pause, 'Make your way to the 
Lorekeeper's pit.  there you should speak with Karuup.  He will instruct 
you on what will be needed of you next in your training.  good luck to 
you, young one."
Now make your way to the Lorekeeper's Pit to continue your training!

Rutka Karuup says 'You have arrived for you training, I presume?  You 
will learn that there is a great deal of information to be found about 
the recent dealings we have had with the Trolls.  Specifically, you 
might be interested to learn about how our battle to overtake Grobb from 
them went.  Let me see, I have it here somewhere. . . Drat! I don't know 
what happened to it.  The page I'm looking for may still be out on the 
battle front in the swamp.  if you can go and retrieve it for me, I 
would be most appreciative.  We should strive to preserve our heritage 
and history at any cost.  Hurry now, young initiate!

*NOTE* This is the part that was leading to no end of annoyance last 
night as there are only a few ground spawns on 10 minute timers.  The 
one I found was at -2400, -600 approx.

Rukta Karuup looks over the paper briefly before jotting down something 
in a book.  He looks up and says 'Well done, you have finished the task 
assigned to you, and in short order, no less.  I congratulate you on 
your eagerness to learn and ability to complete such important errands 
without hesitation.  By bringing this to me, you have helped to keep the 
history of our people in tact, and have proven to Marr that you serve 
him fully.  You will one day become a great soldier in the Army of 
Gukta, Kairu.  As for that parchment, I no longer have use for it, so 
you may dispose of it as you see fit.  Well done, once again and may the 
strength of Marr be with you. Oh, I almost forgot. . .'
You were successful in returning with the Worn Battle Parchment!
He nods at your progress, then says 'Make your way to the Mercantile. 
There you should speak with Zok Glag.  He will instruct you on what will 
be needed of you next in your training.  Good luck to you, young one.
Now make your way to the Mercantile to continue your training!

You are the one they sent me to train?  Hmm, you don't seem too terribly 
impressive to me, but so be it.  I offer up young starters like yourself 
an early outlet to get supplies to keep them going for the Army.  A 
favorite pastime of a great many soldiers, of course, is fishing, which 
I have supplies for.  However, I was hoping to expand my supplies of 
bait a bit, and I hear that spiderling eyes are great for luring fish 
out of the water.  I don't know if this is true but I need you to 
retrieve one for me so I can test it out to determine if I'll start 
stocking them.  Hurry and retrieve one for me so I can get on with my 
other business.'

Hail with eye

Zok Glag say 'Ah, there you are, and with the eye.  You had no trouble 
with that, I hope.  Well, even if so, you are a soldier in the Guktan 
Army, trouble and perhaps a littel bit of elbow grease is to be 
expected.  Either way, you've done well today and have returned what I 
asked for in short order.  Your speediness will be a benefit to you and 
your comrades during times of war.  In any case, it looks as though the 
eye isn't as juicy for those little fish as we thought, so you can go 
ahead and dispose of the eye as you see fit.  You might want to find 
someone to sell that to, I'm sure they'd give you a reasonable rate for 
it.  Oh, I almost forgot. . .'
You were successful in returning with the Spiderling Eye!
He looks at you briefly, then nods in assurance, 'Make your way to the 
Tavern, there you should speak with
one of hte maids behind the bar named Lillis.  She will instruct you on 
what will be needed of you next in your training.  Good luck to you, 
young one.'

Zok Lillis says 'About time you got here.  I've been waiting for someone 
to help me retrieve something from the Quartermaster, but it seems 
punctuality isn't the army's strong point.  No matter, I simply need you 
to go and retrieve from Quartermaster Grik a list of our recent patrons. 
  Usually he tallies it up and sends it over, but he's been a little 
busy, what with everything else going on around here and hasn't yet had 
a chance.  In any case, tell him I sent you for the list and return to 
me when you have retrieved it from him so I can get back to my other 
duties.'

Hail Quartermaster Grik and say "I need the list of recent patrons."

Quartermaster Grik says 'oh yes, I've been meaning to get this list to 
her, but just keep getting sidetracked.  Please take it to her so she 
can get back to her other, more important duties.  You are turning out 
to be quite the reliable soldier, I must say, Kairu.  Keep up the good 
work!'

Recieve  a note

Zok Lillis says 'You made better time than I had hoped.  Thank you for 
bringing me the list, I'll now be able to get back to the more important 
thing I have to do around here.  I copied what I needed off of that 
list, so you can dispose of it as you see fit.  For being so quick about 
it, pleae accept this drink, on the house.  Oh, I almost forgot. . .'
You were succesful in returning with the List of Tavern Patrons!
She tosses you a quick glance, then says 'Make your way to the Garrison 
Command.  There you should speak with Gaz Sergeant Foppis.  He will 
instruct you on what will be needed of you next in your training.  Good 
luck to you, young one."
Now make your way to the Garrison Command to continue your training!

Gaz Sergeant Foppis is at loc 620, -625

Gaz Sergeant Foppis says 'Greetings, Kairu.  You are standing before the 
High Court of Gukta.  No one but the most dedicated and honorable 
soldiers may approach the High Court.  It is this reason that you are 
here, to further your training to prove that you are worthy of stepping 
before them to seek their counsel.  Before we will allow you to proceed, 
you must prove that you are not here under false pretenses.  The first 
part of your assignment requires you to report to Innothule Swamp. 
There you must find the hostile Trollish raiders and return to me one of 
their heads.  When you return and we have proof that you have finished 
this task assigned to you, we will give you further instructions. Be off 
now, and be hasty in your pursuit.




