From -8231848229081744032
X-Google-Thread: fb739,508b62241e9014a7,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 22 Jul 2007 07:41:59 -0500
Date: Sun, 22 Jul 2007 08:41:58 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.12 (Windows/20070509)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: How to OT
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <eumdnXwUqcYKzT7bnZ2dnUVZ_vqpnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 109
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.57.238
X-Trace: sv3-qd63RiCI4+9/ZVLEnIbIew8H9/K/+bn9HUolwuCLZMjO3WH2r1/6n4nfZ0voNvQZ+CebxNyZO5Ty6up!A7nZc8ukO7fUHbzLKUUjbPA/y1DvSPBtZqJPm0FDkuxTs9QEQlgcSyl5uWQPJG9uA2flO7Cw3Qm1!MEdDJDPudCc=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.35
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11653

See my "I h8 f8" article first, or this one will be hard to follow.

On some raids, tanks are assigned to OffTank (OT). On others, there are 
simply times when the job has to be done, an it gets handled on an ad 
hoc basis. Either way, there are some basics to the job, and I don't 
think they're being addressed.

If you are OT, its your job to FIND a mob thats not the mob the MT is 
on, and then to AGGRO the mob, and then to SURVIVE till the MT gets 
around to your target and the raid kills it.

If you can kill the mob yourself, thats fine, as long as you don't use 
resources that you'll need to do your real job on the next mob, and the 
next and the next and the next. OT isn't about killing a mob, its about 
keeping a mob off the raid so they can kill their current target.

OK, so how to find this mob the MT isn't on? Well, as I said in my 
previous article, f8 is a sloppy way to do that, you should instead set 
up a cycle thru nearest key. And back in the dark ages, you'd use 
/assist to see what mob your target was hitting, and then assist again 
to see if thats the mob your target's target is hitting, and so on. I 
could go into detail here, but I won't, because thats oldschool.

Instead, make SURE you have a HOTT window working. If the raid leader 
has it, you'll need a seperate hotkey for that than if your group leader 
has it. If your raid leader doesn't have it, make sure your group leader 
does, if he doesn't, insist that the leadership gets passed to someone 
who does. Also, I'd make a point of turning on LAA exp and leading exp 
groups for a while until you get it yourself, that way if there's nobody 
else, at least you can get it. As an OT, this is a key window.

Now, when you select a possible target, look at the HOTT window. If its 
not on the MT, and you're the only OT assigned (this would be for a 
pretty simple situation), then that means you need to aggro that mob. 
I'm not going to tell you how, classes vary, and individuals vary within 
classes. But get that mob to change to having you targetted, and keep it 
that way until the MT steals aggro from you.

This circumstance rarely exists anymore. We rarely have only one OT. So 
now for the advanced class. This requires that you identify all other 
potential OT's among the raid. Again, sometimes only two or three are 
assigned, and thats easy. But sometimes, "any SK, Paladin, or Warrior" 
are pressed into service. This means you need a working familiarity with 
the names of all the plate people in the raid...

Now, using your "cycle nearest NPC" button, look at the HOTT window. If 
there's any OT on it, move on. Spin in place mash that cycle button 
repeatedly, until you find a mob thats targetting a WRONG target. Aggro 
that. Hold it, don't die. If another OT grabs it, you can wrestle for 
control, or you can just let it go and start looking for another; the 
latter is better, because mobs hitting tanks aren't really a problem, 
but its likely there are so many OT's and so few mobs that someone got 
desperate and grabbed yours thinking he was doing the right thing.

Don't be that guy; if there's a tank on a mob, let him have it. For one 
thing, that leaves you free to find a mob thats actually a danger to the 
raid. For another, he's probably got a healer actively healing him, and 
you'll just confuse the issue. But finally, if there aren't any more 
loose mobs present, or expected, you can go hit the main target, which 
will kill it faster, meaning the raid can move on to the various targets 
being OT'd, and everything goes more smoothly.

For more advanced ideas:

Tagging on incoming. Often more than one mob at a time is dragged to the 
raid. You can be proactive. Hit your cycle target key twice, and you're 
probably targetting the mob the MT won't. Aggro it while its on the way 
in. If all goes well, the MT's target ring will be on his mob, and you'l 
have your add all to yourself. Move it over out of the way, instead of 
stacking it with the original target. This trick prevents the MT from 
having two mobs on him at once, and heal aggro from peeling the one he 
didn't aggro.

Dropping aggro. When the MT gets to your mob, if its a serious target, 
you can just stay with it and help kill. But if there's a steady stream 
of incoming, then its probably better to let him take the mob away from 
you, and go find another. Turn off attack, maybe even FD or DA or 
whatever you have that reduces your aggro.  When HOTT shows you're no 
longer the target of the mob, you can turn away and find your next target.

Keep an eye on Tempo. You should have an idea how long the main target 
is going to be alive. If there is a new mob coming in and the main mob 
isn't going to die soon, then grab the new one. But if the main mob is 
dead or about to be, it will be easier for the MT if you let him aggro 
it in the first place.

Mezzable mobs are often a rarity, but if there are mezzables, and 
mezzers playing CC, you can help them do their jobs: the trick here is 
to NOT damage the mobs. If you have no damage taunt/stun/terror you can 
grab the mob's attention until its under control. Stand there and let it 
beat on you until it is. There's no need to hit back, you'll just break 
a successful mez if one lands, and presumably the little damage you were 
going to do isnt going to matter in the long run. Just take it, it won't 
last that long. If you aren't the MT, you want to avoid ever having your 
name show up in that yellow message that says you broke a mez ( and 
often, the mezzer, who dies right after)

Finally, I said I wasn't going to tell you how to do the rest of the OT 
job, but I do have one note. Heal potions. We supply them to raiders. In 
an emergency, they can be the difference between a heal that landed too 
slow and your death. Insta heals will let you live till a heal lands if 
one is on the way. Celestial heals will let you tank a mob where the 
healing (if any, sometimes things get stretched pretty thin) are not 
going to make it; they are more hp total, but take time to get 
delivered. Don't spare the potion and end up needing a rez and rebuff 
and also, since your mob became uncontrolled, probably cause the deaths 
of "soft underbelly' types or even the raid. You can't FD, you can't 
DA/HS, unless you know there's another OT who will get aggro... but its 
not your job to die, either.


