From -7626642611738572930
X-Google-Thread: 10766f,cd5768ad6d869f52,start
X-Google-Thread: 10a756,cd5768ad6d869f52,start
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cd5768ad6d869f52,start
X-Google-Thread: 107032,cd5768ad6d869f52,start
X-Google-Thread: 1123f7,cd5768ad6d869f52,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid10766f,gid10a756,gidfb739,gid107032,gid1123f7,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nx01.iad01.newshosting.com!newshosting.com!post02.iad01!news.newsdemon.com!not-for-mail
Message-Id: <fo0711311000207738@4ax.com>
Subject: M I`5 Perse cution , Harassmen t thro ugh t he Radio 
Newsgroups: alt.sex.nfs,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest,microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange,rec.music.dylan
Followup-To: alt.sex.nfs,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest,microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange,rec.music.dylan,uk.misc
From: vfiev@lycos.com
Date: 31 Dec 2007 10:00:23 GMT
Lines: 280
Organization: news.newsdemon.com
X-Complaints-To: abuse@newsdemon.com
X-Original-Lines: 277
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.sex.nfs:1643 comp.publish.prepress:10588 alt.games.everquest:12457 microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange:20599 rec.music.dylan:105416


MI5 Persecution Update:. Friday 9 July, 1999

Harassment in Poland, July. 1999

And still it continues.... in my last. fax I said that provided MI5 made no
attempts at harassment during my two-week holiday this. summer, or after I
returned to England, then. I would discontinue these faxes. Unfortunately
MI5 have continued to. harass me, both during the holiday and after my
return to. London. I really dont want to continue these articles, since
they take up so much time and effort, not to. mention expense; but the
Security Service wont even let. me have a holiday in peace and quiet, so I
have to make further. efforts to bring their activities out into the open.

In early July I visited. my aunt and her family in Poland. On Saturday 3
July 1999, I went to a family barbecue at an. allotment outside the
city. One of my aunts. family has previously shown himself to be in the
"enemy" camp, by saying the Polish equivalent of. "something wrong with
him", and various other unprovoked insults. It. is disappointing that one
of my family could forsake the usual ties. of blood and take part in the
actions against me, but thats the way. it is. This guy turned up at the
barbecue, and started making insults against. me. In particular, he started
to say something about. the video camera which I had brought along on the
trip, and the. relevance of the video-camera to my fight against the
persecution. It seemed. pretty obvious to me that my enemies had told him
to turn up to. this occasion, and most likely schooled him in precisely
what words to say; since hes an.  unintelligent person and would not be
able to think for himself what insults to make against. me.

Harassment in London,. week ending Friday 9 July 1999

Got back to London. Wednesay afternoon. Two incidents on the Underground
returning from the airport.. Unfortunately I wasnt recording because I
wasnt expecting trouble, so these. slipped through the net. One of these
was verbal sexual. abuse, of the type Ive heard many, many times before
these. last three-and-a-half years.

Yesterday, Thursday 8/July/1999, I switched on Heart FM which. had never
"got at" me before.... and the presenter started making jokes about. "mad,
crazy" etc. Again, wasnt recording this. because Id never had any trouble
from this radio. station and wasnt expecting any.

Also yesterday, on a bus (155?) from Balham to. Clapham, a couple of girls
started harassing me with taunts of "crazy".. By now I was expecting
trouble and recorded an audio file of this instance of abuse, at. web URL;


The cynical reader might. think my demeanour or behaviour had given rise to
the taunts of "crazy" recorded above. But. I assure you my behaviour on the
bus. would not have made anyone think I was ill; and the taunts the
previous day were the same sexual words as previously; so I'm. quite sure
that these incidents are either deliberately staged, or indicative of. an
overall. high level of awareness among the London public, particularly in
the part of London. where I live.

Keith Hill MP (Labour - Streatham), my. elected representative, as ever
refuses to. help.


MI5 Persecution:. Harassment through the Radio

One of the aspects of the MI5 persecution has been. harassment through the
broadcast and print media; and one of. the aspects of harassment through
the broadcast media is being "got at" by radio presenters. This being. "got
at" from the radio takes various forms, the most obvious. form being
through overt or hidden words and insults. But there. are other, subtler
forms. In Canada a couple. of years ago, I used to listen to the local
radio stations every. morning driving to work, and listened to the music
only,. switching between radio station presets rapidly as soon as a
presenters voice came on, so that I would not be subjected to any. verbal
harassment by the D.J.s. But they found a. way around this; they kept on
playing the same song, every bl**dy morning at the same time, which. had
the words "all coming. back to me"; the perceptive reader will remember
that the words "coming. back" have special meaning (see the Private Eye
cover at web URL;. for the
hidden. meaning).

And thats not the only time theyve allowed the songs themselves to. be used
as abuse against. me; many years ago Radio-1 in the UK did exactly the
same, and the DJ even made it. explicitly clear by saying, "dont you
sometimes feel as if the songs were made. just for you".

"We should be done for attempted. manslaughter" says Chris Tarrant

Capital Radio DJs have. been "in on it" from the start. One of the first
things I heard in the summer of 1990 was from a Capital DJ. who said, "If
he listens to Capital then he can't be all. bad" (supportive, you
see. We're not. bastards). Much of what came over the radio in 1990 is now
so far away the precise details. have been obliterated by time. No diary
was kept of the details, and although archives if they exist. may give
pointers, the ambiguity of what broadcasters said would. leave that open to
re-interpretation.

In spring 1994, Chris Tarrant on his Capital morning show made an. aside to
someone else in the studio, about a person he didn't. identify. He said,
"You know this bloke? He says we're trying to kill him.. We should be done
for attempted. manslaughter".

That mirrored something I had said a. day or two before. What Tarrant said
was understood. by the staff member in the studio he was saying it to; they
said, "Oh no, don't say that" to Tarrant. If. any archives exist of the
morning. show (probably unlikely) then it could be found there; what he
said was so out of context. that he would be very hard put to find an
explanation. A couple of days later, someone at the site. where I was
working repeated the remark. although in a different way; they said there
had been people in a computer room when automatic fire extinguishers. went
off and those people were. "thinking of suing for attempted manslaughter".

Pirate Radio. "gets at" me

In another incident in 1990/91,. Id been listening to a pirate radio
station in South London for half an hour, when there was an audible. phone
call in the background, then total silence for a. few moments, followed by
shrieks. of laughter. "So what are we supposed to say now? Deadly
torture? Hes going to talk to us now, isnt he?". which meant that they
could hear what. I would say in my room. Note the word "deadly" - they give
away. their purpose.

It constantly surprised me that MI5 are so easily able. to subvert
broadcasters, and, in. this case of the pirate station, to do so, so
quickly. I think the answer to this. question is that they must have very
wide contacts in the broadcast. media; presumably some or in fact many of
those contacts. are literally "bought". In the same way as they tried to
buy Jon Snow of Channel Four news, they must have bought. many broadcasters
and use them both directly to make. insults against me, and promulgate
their points of view; but. also, they must use these "bought" broadcasters
to influence other television and radio presenters, who might not. even be
aware that it was on MI5s behalf that they were being influenced to. "get
at". me.

BBC-Radio-1. D.J.s celebrate my job termination in November 1991

This is. another one from the "early years". At the beginning of November
1991 my employment in Woking, Surrey was. terminated. Chris Tarrant of
Capital-FM had already made nasty remarks about both my. work for the
company, and. the managers of the company themselves - "so theyre not
really a serious company, well theyd. have to be to employ you wouldnt
they".

So when I was terminated, as you can expect, BBC Radio. 1 D.J.s
celebrated. On. the Saturday afternoon (either 9/Nov/1991 or 16/Nov/1991 -
I cannot remember precisely) I. briefly listened to Radio-1 and heard the
disc jockeys. loudly proclaiming "youre useless, you should be sacked". On
the same day, I went down to the Kwik-Fit in Tooting to. get my cars tyres
replaced, and. in the office ran into a couple of their staff, one of them
with an Australian accent, who said "what do you think about it. then? Its
getting killed. on the radio."

Plainly,. if a random car-repair shop in Tooting knew about the
persecution, then many thousands of other people across. the capital and
all over the country must have known. And the. phrase "getting
killed" shows. very clear awareness of what the MI5 Persecutors intentions
towards me were in 1991, and. judging by the continuing harassment, still
remain. today.

Recent. Feedback from Virgin-Radio

As readers will know, from mid-March 1999 for some four months,. every
weekend,. I have bombarded Westminster MPs with faxes about the terrible,
all-encompassing MI5 Persecution. (Jesting. aside, it really is terrible
and all-encompassing, in the UK anyway.) In June 1999,. after I'd been at
it some three months,. I started getting "covert" feedback from Virgin
Radio.

The first feedback I got was from Danny Baker, on Sunday 13th June.. That
weekend I was sending an article which contained biting criticism. of the
police inaction in this case. Danny Baker on his. Virgin radio show started
an angry rant. that "he knows it's rubbish", ie. he was rubbishing what I'd
said in that weekend's. faxed article. Unfortunately I wasn't recording
this. programme.

The next possible Virgin-Radio feedback was. a week later on 19th June
1999. This. is contained in the audio file above, in which Johnny Boy on
his. "Wheels of Steel" programme says;

"and if you would like to put a triple play together, ahhh..... because
quite frankly Hipster and. me are running out of ideas...."

He goes on to counter Hipster's "how dare you" with. a protestation that he
is "only joking"..  You can listen to this incident on my website at URL;


What I reckon is that my article. faxed to MPs that weekend was forwarded
by one of the recipients to Virgin Radio. My. article had included the
words;

"I am beginning to run out. of both new topics and energy to write these
articles."

So. what I reckon is that Johnny Boy read the article.... and rephrased the
above line "run out of ... new. topics" to "running out of ideas". I
recognise. that this is a pretty tenuous inference to make.... but do
listen to the audio file,. from the "ahhh...." pause in JB's speech you can
guess he is about to. say something "risky" and at someone's
expense. Anyway,. I listen to the Wheels of Steel regularly and will
continue to do so, recording it as I always. do - so any future funny
remarks will get immortalised on my. website! (There was a previous
incident from August 1998 which is. preserved at web URL;

but I am sufficiently uncertain about it that I have not. included it in
this. article.)

First Ever Radio Reference - Alan. Freeman of BBC-Radio-1

The first time I was ever referred to on the radio was sometime in May. or
June of 1990, by Alan Freeman of BBC-Radio-1.. Note that this isnt an
"interactive. listening" episode, its different, this was Freeman reading
out a letter from one. of my "real life" enemies.

Id acrimoniously broken up with some former friends in January of. 1990,
and I think they. were still trying to cause me trouble in June of that
year. Freeman on his rock. show read out a letter from an "Andrew
Turner"; one of. my acquaintances from January 1990 had been called Andy
Turner, so I. think its the same guy. Freeman quoted Turner as saying
various things about me, in particular Freeman said. "thats a hell of a
letter you wrote there Andy",. "with a schizophrenic you're never alone",
and something about the "one. who wore out his welcome with random
precision" (from the words of the Pink. Floyd song).

When I was looking. for primary causes of the MI5 persecution, this letter
which Freeman had read out on his programme struck. me as being potentially
one of the sources of the persecution.. I know Turner and various others in
that. group were very bitter at what they saw as their failure and my
undeserved success, and they were quite determined to upset. the
applecart. Of course several other. primary causes are possible; I do not
know why MI5 chose me as opposed to someone else, and MI5 are. hardly
likely. to tell me.

"Absolute Obscene" David Hepworth. of GLR

This one Ive assigned a 100% rating on the. website. There are actually two
separate incidents, which. are linked through the D.J.s choice of
words. The first incident can be heard. in computer audio at web URL;


On  21/Feb/1997, I was listening. to BBC GLR, by stealth. Back in 1990 I
used to have Capital blaring out of. the speakers all over the garden ("if
he listens to Capital then he can't be all bad", thanks ever. so much). But
now I listen on my walkman on. headphones with the volume turned right
down. It could not possibly be overheard by any listening device,. no
matter how sensitive,. because sound does not carry from the phones.

Yet somehow they are. still able to tell which station I am listening to on
the walkman. And last night, I bravely. tuned to GLR 94.9FM at around
8.45pm. Everything went well for the first half. hour or so. Around 9.10pm,
Hepworth said the following after the song. "Come Around" by the
Muttonbirds.

"coming up after this, we got the rock-and-roll. A-level, we have, I
assume,. Brian do we have an embarrassment of prizes in there, we do, don't
we,. absolute obscene amounts of prizes, there will no doubt be a riot at
the back door, and that's, er, A-level. coming up after this"

The key phrases in what he. said are, "EMBARRASSMENT of prizes", and what
he. himself emphasized verbally, "ABSOLUTE OBSCENE amount of prizes". It is
my belief (based on content and tone of voice) that. when he spoke these
phrases he knew I was listening, and that the phrases. refer directly to my
situation. The "EMBARRASSMENT" is. the embarrassment he and other media
people would feel at having their wrongdoing exposed; the. "ABSOLUTE
OBSCENE" (which he verbally emphasized) described the disgusting. sexual
abuse which the harassers have. been throwing at me.

There was a second incident, on 9/May/1997,. which may be found on the web
(with computer audio). at URL;


This incident again contains the words "absolute embarrassment of. prizes",
with the same. emphasis as the first instance, and laughter following the
phrase. So theyre aware of the complaint I made on Usenet. after the first
incident; and they are so. arrogant that they do exactly the same
again. They are so. arrogant, they know they are being recorded and that
what they say will be published on the web, but they. dont care. What
corrupt media,. and what a corrupt country to have such corruption in its
media.

7729


--
Posted via NewsDemon.com - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://www.NewsDem


