From 4757791187981601826
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,97566a8b2228e39f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-23 07:06:04 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeeds.belnet.be!news.belnet.be!colt.net!newspeer.clara.net!news.clara.net!news5-gui.server.ntli.net!ntli.net!news2-win.server.ntlworld.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3B5C2E42.99AD1B9E@hotmail.com>
From: Jim Monk <Jarak_akn@hotmail.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.6 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Book Recommendation
References: <Njh67.1218$zY2.16078002@news2.news.adelphia.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 117
Date: Mon, 23 Jul 2001 15:01:38 +0100
NNTP-Posting-Host: 212.250.216.229
X-Complaints-To: abuse@ntlworld.com
X-Trace: news2-win.server.ntlworld.com 995896848 212.250.216.229 (Mon, 23 Jul 2001 15:00:48 BST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 23 Jul 2001 15:00:48 BST
Organization: ntl Business News Service
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:97689

Stush wrote:
> 
> Hail
> 
> Going on a cruise and wondering if anyone could recommend a good "swords and
> sorcery" fiction book.
> 
Well I manage to get through 2-3 s-f or fantasy books a week, so I like
to think I know a little something on the subject, of course all
opinions are subjective. 

Looking through this thread I have read almost all the books mentioned,
notable exception being the Glen Cook books, so I'm off to Amazon to get
those.

For me when you say "Swords and sorcery" it can only mean either the
Conan books or the work of Fritz Leiber. I prefer Fritz' work, but the
Conan stuff actually stands up much better that the public impression of
it. Particularly some of the books written after Robert E Howard's death
(by Spranger de Camp (SP) et al. from Roberts notes or to fill in gaps
in Conans life). I still think that Leiber's characters are a bit
brighter and wittier than Conan.

As mentioned elsewhere for "High fantasy" you can always go to the
source and read Lord of the rings etc. I enjoyed these, but I expect
that if they were written today they would never reach the heady heights
that they have. These could prove to be a long slog especially some of
the later books.

One of my favorite authors is R.A.Heinlin (My main is called Anson) and
as mentioned in the tread "Glory Road" is a great fantasy book. Very
different from most of his other offerings, but one of the few books
that I have read more than once.

I was brought up on Moorecock (no puns please!) and some of his older
books are good old fashioned hack and slash fantasy, but be very careful
about which books you pick. The Corum series is a nice start, and the
Elric books are nice in a dark way. One of the nice things with
Moorecock is the recycling of characters in his books. Even in some of
his strangest modern day fantasies he uses the same chars as in his
earliest books. (My e-mail is tribute to Jerry Cornelius, using one of
his alternate identities Jarak A'Korneeil). Note do not start reading MM
with "The lives and times of Jerry Corneelius" (Really).

I have just finished the first 2 books of the RR Martin Fire and Ice
set. These were *very* good. I'm currently waiting for the third book,
and I really am waiting for it. Again not really "Sword and sorcery" but
a great fantasy epic. Almost like the history of Rome part 97.

I'm also currently reading a lot of Fred Saberhagen. The Swords and Lost
Swords books are almost S&S fantasy. The Gods series is not, but is a
very good read in a well thought out world.

I've also recently finished books by a couple of Scotts : Orson Scott
Card and Michael Scott Rohan.

I read OSC's Alvin books (all 5) from start to finish in a row having
bought the whole series blind, I was not disappointed. It is a good
read, but defiantly not hack and slash fantasy.

I also read MSR's "Ice / Blacksmith" (Can't remember the series name)
books. These are more classic fantasy, but still not hack and slash.
Some of the descriptions of blacksmithing are really inspirational when
making metal bits <G>

I have read several books by Feist and I know that I really enjoyed some
of them, but I don't remember any of the names, so I'm not sure what
that says about him / them. Didn't he do Daughter of the Empire etc. ?
(Collaborating with Janet Wurst ?)

The Wheel of Time books by Jordan are nice but when will that series
ever end ?

Terry Brooks Shanananeeneenoonoo (where does that word end) are quite
good, but they never really gripped me.

As others have mentioned Pratchet is great for a laugh. Funny fantasy.
Defiantly not hack and slash but very good for relaxing. Guards Guards
and the first one about DEATH are favorites.

David Eddings is good as is David Gemmell. I always get the two confused
as they are both Davids and in the UK their books seem to have very
similar covers. From other posts Eddings is of the Belgariad and then
the maloriean (Not even trying to spell those) which are good series
(Even if the malorian is the same story with different chars). Gemmell
is of Waylander. This is about as close to sword and sorcery (more sword
than sorcer) as seems to be published today.

Oh I read a book recently by Kate Jacoby. First part of a series. Damb
brain will not let me remember the name atm, but I have parts 2 and 3 on
order at amazon and they are Voice of the Demon & Black Eagle Rising.
They seem to be semi-out of print right now, but if you can get copies
the first one was very good.

Lastly I guess I have to mention Mr.Donaldson and that blooming leper. I
think that this is a real love / hate series. (Guess which camp I'm in)
I've seen people spout endlessly about how great these books are. They
won loads of awards. They are top best sellers, but I could not handle
them at all. It was all so dull. I just kept screaming "Damb it man use
the blinking power!" I did struggle to half way through the 3rd mammoth
tome, but I could get no further.

Well having looked back through the tread I notice that there are a
whole bunch there that I have not read. :
Glen Cook, Stephen Burst, Terry Goodkind, Elizobeth Haydon, RA
Salvatories and Patricia McKillip.

Humm that should keep me going till xmass <G> I was running low on my
books to read pile.

I'm betting that I remember 3 authors as soon as I press send :-(

Jim

Ah the Kate Jacoby book is Exile's Return.

All ways wanted to say Shanananeeneenoonoo in a post <G>


