From 766921203487769285
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6fa1df01bb0425a8,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-30 05:00:51 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Jazz <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Fear and Loathing in LDoN
Date: Tue, 30 Dec 2003 08:00:42 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <vv2to3f4uk6jf8@news.supernews.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 66
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13628

After several successful expeditions in full groups with my Sorcerer 
into LDoN, I finally tried taking my little twink 25 cleric on an 
adventure last night.  The bottom line was a reminder of the difference 
between raiding/grouping with seriously experienced players and those 
still learning the game. It was a learning experience for all of us, but 
still almost painful to watch.

I had yet to die in the high level adventures, never zoned out, and had 
never been group leader nor master looter for the collection adventures. 
So, as it turned out, I still didn't really know much at all about the 
most basic mechanics of the LDoN dungeons. I'll say I learned a lot.

We tried going in on one from Oasis having taken the adventure with four 
people; Me (25 cleric), 30 Warrior, 30 Ranger, and 27 Bard. For reasons 
that were never made clear, the bard was pulling.

(What was that classic old line in this group from Jeremiah Crystal way 
back when? "Anything more than a metric buttload of mobs is a bardic 
pull.") :-)

It was a lowbie adventure, so probably of no interest to most of you, 
but suffice it to say that we wiped out three times, despite my best 
(admittedly inexperienced) efforts to keep my entire group alive. We'd 
get going a good ways, and suddenly the bard would be coming back with 
four or five mobs, and he just couldn't do CC on that many. We'd taken 
so long to set up that my clarity and beast crack had faded, so I was on 
the edge for mana constantly, having to heal tanks five levels higher 
than me with Greater Healing and Celestial. This was, apparently, the 
warrior's first character, and he hadn't much loot or looting 
experience. He looted the first and only augmentation that dropped (a 
plus Intelligence augment) without asking anyone. *sigh*

We didn't get enough of the collection items to win and the Ranger was 
running up against a time limit to switch to her main and go on a raid, 
so after the timer expired, we called it a day and trudged back to the 
wayfarer's camp in N. Ro where I camped.

1. LDoN is a much better expansion than I'd thought originally when I 
was hesitating on buying it. There's plenty of fun to be had in level 
appropriate situations without having a ton of people in a raid force.

2. Playing a cleric is one fuckload harder than it ever looked through 
all the levels that they were healing my two mains. I have a newfound 
respect for the class already, and I'm still at the "easy" stage of 
being a cleric.

3. It's very important to try to remember your own roots from when you 
first started playing, and take the time and patience to help new 
players, and not ever let them drive you batty if they make perfectly 
understandable newbie mistakes.

4. Star Wars Galaxies still sucks humungous hairy donkey balls, and I'm 
glad to be back playing EQ.
:-)

-- 
jaZZ

-"I am afraid of nothing, except that which might cause me harm or 
discomfort."
Phil the security guard (http://www.philthesecurityguard.com/)

"Some of it's magic, some of it's tragic, but I had a good life all the 
way."
Jimmy Buffet, from "He Went to Paris"



