From -4553442335819047942
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d73200ac650d1e93
X-Google-Thread: 1faf7b,d73200ac650d1e93
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid1faf7b,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!news.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 16 Dec 2004 12:08:38 -0600
From: Khosh <test@test.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,alt.games.everquest2
Subject: Re: Which MMOG to try?
Date: Thu, 16 Dec 2004 10:08:38 -0800
Message-ID: <cqd3s09tutc7oortu8l8ooi1bmhsrb12pk@4ax.com>
References: <Boadnd_kuLROU13cRVn-1w@dejazzd.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 2.0/32.652
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 193
X-Trace: sv3-slT8Dg02W7xVg34gF2yLdiSCHJ5EFaWtZGdEwYFYKnuL4cQtlVKErCoYUi7edPht294gROIpqDbMcoH!uCjzJ2/WtA//8V4UL7L6MwUSVVd7Yc1pgF2+7r/aC99ONlgyF+P2PyohLy9RSn+Xxh0=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26954 alt.games.everquest2:103

On Wed, 15 Dec 2004 18:54:52 -0500, Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
wrote:

>I'm a former EQ1 player, quit a couple months ago after 5 years and 
>several high level characters.  After a couple months off, I'm thinking 
>about getting back into playing, and thought I'd start the research as 
>to which to go with.

I am/was in the exact same postion. Except my many characters in EQ1
were low-mid level. I hated the high level grind, and suffered from
alt-aholism. :)

I played EQ2 and WoW in Beta. I really really really wanted to like
EQ2, and I was much more critical going into WoW. 

I am sure people in this newsgroup will jump all over this post and
call me a "WoW Fanboi", but the truth is I never expected to love
playing it like I do. I went into the WoW beta looking for reasons to
dislike the game.

The following are my opinions only and should be taken as such....

>I want a game where I can solo and group to reasonably high levels; 

EQ2 gets much tougher as you level. You are basically forced to group
in EQ2, and not only that, but you are forced to form groups centered
around a healer or two if you want efficient advancement. This isn't a
bad thing. These games are after all "massive multiplayer". 

WoW on the other hand feels much more like EQ1 to me when it comes to
the "grind" ,only much more fun and engaging. Mixed/Pickup groups of
2-3 can kill level appropriate content (which includes mobs 2-4 levels
higher than themselves) with good tactics and teamwork without being
forced to bring along a healing class. Any class can solo all the way
to 60 if they want, but grouping is more efficient as it should be.

The conning system in WoW is much more like EQ1. It isn't confusing
like EQ2 with up/down arrows, group/solo mobs etc etc, and it doesn't
tell you automatically which mobs are linked. It is possible to have a
"bad pull" in WoW, and if you aren't careful you will pick up
wandering adds. I didn't realize how important this element of
"surprise" was until I played EQ2 and found it missing.

>I want a game with quests, real quests that are engaging and yeild 
>worthwhile rewards; 

Both WoW and EQ2 offer robust and rewarding Quest systems. 

From your first few moments in game you are given quest in a linear
progression. The first quests you get take you into the newbie areas
around your starting city. As you level and take on more quests you
are guided farther out into the world. It really keeps the immersion
up in both games.

Both are very similar, but there is something special about the the
quest system in WoW that is hard to describe. The quests themselves
seem more relevant for lack of a better word. They really draw you
into the backstory of your race/class/side. Maybe it's the newness of
the lore and backstory coloring my opinion.

One of the most amazing features in WoW is the ability to share
quests. If you join a pickup group and they are working on a quest,
they can share it with you if you are eligible. When a quest mob dies,
everyone in the group gets credit, and everyone getst the item drop if
their is one. You don't have to camp a named repeatedly to finish a
quest for other group members.

Have I mentioned that you don't "Zone" in WoW? You never see "Loading
Please Wait". The tranisitions appear to be seemless. It really has to
be seen/experienced to see how much it adds to the immersion.

>I want a game with tactical options to it, where with thought I can 
>apply the tools each class has to find new solutions to combat, and 
>combine the tools of several classes into even more new solutions.  I 
>-like- figuring out new plans and trying them.  EQ1 had this in spades, 
>if you looked for it, even 5 years in to the game we were still 
>stumbling across new uses for spells... or discovering that a new 
>situation made a tactic we'd discarded three years ago suddenly the 
>perfect approach.

Group combat in EQ2 is much faster than WoW or EQ1. Some classes can
apply tactics, but the healers are really limited to keeping the tanks
alive with spam heals (wards, heal over time, regen, instant).
Downtime is much less, and makes up for this in a lot of ways, but to
me the overall pace of combat was too fast to really explore tactics. 

Solo combat in EQ2 was boring in my opinion. I played a cleric in
Beta. Soloing was melee, DD, heal self, buff self. There just didn't
seem to be enough options to make it fun for me.

WoW feels much more like EQ1 to me when it comes to tactics and trying
new things in combat. Skill/Spell sets are more varied than EQ2
(though still much fewer options than EQ1). 

My current level 11 Shaman in WoW can melee DD, Stun, Heal, DoT, DS
himself, apply a flame damage bonus to his weapon, and drop totems
that can buff, snare, agro, heal over time. You mana pool is limited,
and you can have only 1 totem in effect at any given time. It's a
powerful set of abilities, but you have to make tactical desicions on
which ones to use in every battle. Shaman are the jack of all trades
in WoW, so be aware that other classes have fewer options, but overall
you have more choices than in EQ2.

Also you can buff and heal anyone at any time in WoW. As a player that
enjoys playing healing/buffing classes this is a game breaker for me
in EQ2. I can't stand the locked encounters. So far I have not seen
any evidence of people powerleving or "baby sitting" lower levels like
you do in EQ1. WoW seems to have addressed the PL'ing issue without
isolating players with artificial encounter "locks"

>On the flip side, as EQ1 leveled up it tended to leave fewer options; 
>they made most mobs stun immune, many snare immune, fear immune, and so 
>on; 

Not sure about the higher levels in EQ2 or WoW, but I have noticed
some things about WoW that have really impressed me so far. 

I have been jumped by players (I play on a PvP server) and creatures
3-7 levels higher than myself. While I still don't have a chance of
winning, my spells and melee hit for full damage (melee and spell
damage scale with level, so I am only chipping away at them). Spells
do get resisted more against higher levels, but it is much more
satisfying to know that I pretty much dish out the same damage no
matter what I am fighting. I haven't seen any of the artificial limits
like you see in EQ1 where creatures/players are immune or impossible
to hit based on an arbitrary level spread.

Another point in WoWs favor are talent points. They are kind of like
AAs. You 1 point per level starting at level 10. By specializing you
can customize your character to your play style. The following link
has extensive info on this feature:

http://wowvault.ign.com/View.php?view=Talents.View&category_select_id=9

>I'm leaning towards EQ2, based on what I've heard, because it vaguely 
>resembles EQ1, which had a lot of ideas I liked, and because it seems to 
>have a robust quest environment.

That is exactly what I thought until I played both in beta. EQ2 has 4
arch type classes that then specialize at levels 10 and 20. WoW is
like EQ1. Each class is unique from level 1. Skills complement each
other, but no two classes share the same skills.

>On the gripping hand, I've tried Warcraft III and don't care for the 
>game or the graphic style; how interested am I going to be in a MMOG 
>based on that? 

Graphically it looks more "cartoonish" than EQ2, but it has an amazing
amount of depth when you spend some time with it. The environments are
incredibly detailed and vaired. You can literally see for miles if you
climb to the top of a mountain or hill. It's a complete departure from
EQ1/2 and once you get used to it is a feast for the eyes. Character
animations and emotes are fantastic. I cannot stress enough how much
more immersive it is to travel the world without zoning (or rather
without knowing that you are zoning).

Also the requirements for WoW are not nearly as steep as EQ2. A mid
level machine will have 80% of the eye candy as a top of the line rig.

Another plus for WoW in my opinion is how death is dealt with. When
you die you turn into a ghost and spawn at a graveyard near the area
you died. You have the option of running back to your corpse (you are
invisible and ignored by all mobs in ghost form), or getting a full
res at the graveyard at the cost of res sickness for a couple minutes
and 25% wear damage to all of your equiment. The damage can be
repaired for a small fee. There is no exp loss or debt with death. The
"penalty" is a corpse run or having to repair your gear. If you run
back to your corpse, you can res a decent distance from the actual
body. So you can recover yourself even if a mob is camping  your
corpse.

In EQ2 you lose a shard and take a hit to all of your stats unless you
rocover it. If you die in a bad location you risk losing the shard or
eating several deaths (with exp debt) and losing more shards
recovering them.

Overall WoW is MUCH more like EQ1 pre-velious, only done right in my
opinion. EQ1 will always be "The Game" for me, but WoW in my mind is
the true successor. Blizzard has taken all of the elements that hooked
me on EQ1 like a drug and improved them many times over.

EQ2 is so radically different from EQ1 that it really is a completely
different game. It isn't a bad game. In fact EQ2 is a fantastic game!

The bottom line for me is that WoW plays and feels like EQ1 did when I
started playing back in Aug '99. If you have the resources (eq can
afford the price of the game) I highly recommend giving it a shot. I
don't think you will be disappointed.

I am sorry if this posts has offended anyone in these groups. I am
merely expressing my opinion. My love for EQ1 has not diminished not
has my respect for the active members of these groups.



