From -7961275763667523180
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8331df7da5e7c116
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 15 Dec 2004 11:39:30 -0600
Date: Wed, 15 Dec 2004 12:39:23 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Cancelled EQ2
References: <GwZvd.48$RH4.46@newsread1.news.pas.earthlink.net>
In-Reply-To: <GwZvd.48$RH4.46@newsread1.news.pas.earthlink.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <XYidnV6C8f1P613cRVn-sA@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 138
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.255.109
X-Trace: sv3-mQY1p3a8UtI7fWOgPEWwDSXkqz6pYjhb0D6DaU6hlR/xdVCoKCqsEQlT23SQVWJNd01E7qdBNthALHv!U5nRgg4KV+QxnzRKdTWUFr71dAobrDGUbA4hICAvvtsKrZPa0yEENCaryu7iwrgypBk9Jw36a+cH
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.21
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26791



Tim Smith wrote:


> My problem with EQ2 is that it just doesn't feel like an MMORPG to me.  The
> combination of locked encounters and not being able to even buff people
> outside the group makes it so you have most of the disadvantages that some
> have pointed out with instances (hi Ben!), without the advantages.  It's
> basically a shared instance--a concept that hurts my brain. :-)
> 
I think this is a good point, you should play a game that "feels right" 
to you.  We can quibble over the definitions you list below all you 
like, but at the end of the day, its not about you or us or even about 
facts, its about feel.

And by all means vote with your feet; don't stay when you don't want to, 
it sends the wrong message to both the people doing things you don't 
like, and to people who might be inclined to do what you would like.  If 
EQ2 sucks but everyone plays it anyway, then you'll continue to see 
clones of EQ2 that incorporate the same features you didn't like in the 
first place.

> In EQ1 or DAoC, if I am fighting somewhere or passing through an area, and
> see other players, we can affect each other.  We have to worry about not
> training each other, not aggroing each others mobs, and stuff like that.  In
> EQ2, the main affect of other players in the same area is to reduce the
> number of mobs available.
> 
You know, I'm not sure how I feel about that myself.  On the one hand, 
it means fewer ways to cheat, and fewer ways to be griefed.  On the 
other hand, it reduces the "multiplayer" aspect of the game, and 
honestly, most MMOGs aren't really as good from a game perspective as 
single player ones, other than the multiplayer part.

> I also dislike what happens when you break a locked encounter.  Breaking it
> makes it so no one gets XP or quest credit for it.  So, once someone not in
> my group engages a mob, if they get in trouble, there is no way for them to
> ask us for help with the encounter.  All they can do is break the encounter
> and ask for help in not dying.  Basically, you can only get help to avoid
> losing a fight--you can't get help to win a fight, unless you arrange for
> that help before the fight starts.

I think I'd like that.  External help is sort of cheating... and in 
cases where it isn't cheating (its not planned or arranged in advance), 
I still don't see why you are entitled to be rewarded for getting it.

In EQ1 one of three things would happen if you got outside help; you'd 
still get full credit, as if you'd done all the work, even though you 
hadn't; or you'd get no credit, it would all go to the person who helped 
you; or nobody would get the credit, either because the helper was too 
high level to get any either, or because the helper was an NPC (if an EQ 
NPC gets the kill, his target vanishes, no exp, no loot)

Sounds like in EQ2, its always consistant, if someone helps, then 
there's no exp for anyone.

> 
> Then there is the way grouped mobs work.  I've got a quest to kill 40
> gnolls.  If I go out and find a group of three gnolls, engage them, kill
> two, and then decide that I am not going to be able to beat the third, and
> run away--no XP and no quest credit for the two I've killed.  I could kill
> 5000 gnolls and not complete my "kill 40" quest, just because I didn't kill
> them in the way the game wants me to.  I'd not mind this so much if they'd
> have made it make sense...e.g., if the quest was to loot 40 gnoll scalps or
> something like that...then killing a couple and running would clearly not
> satisfy the quest requirements.
> 
I think whats happening is that EQ2 treats "grouped mobs" as single 
entities, you have to kill the whole group or you didn't beat the 
entity.  You aren't forever locked out of beating that quest just 
because you missed one mob of a group, any groups you kill still count, 
its just that the two you killed out of the group of three never do 
count.  Or am I wrong there?

Killing a couple, looting their scalps, and running would mean that the 
two scalps do count... I don't see how thats any different than just 
killing them, running, and having them count would be.  Maybe I'm 
missing what you are saying.

The distinction does seem to be artificial to me, and maybe a solution 
would be for them to ask you to go stop "gangs of gnolls" rather than 
give you a count of individual gnolls but only count individuals out of 
full groups killed.  What they want seems to be consistant, they just 
aren't describing it clearly.

> I'm also not pleased with the solo content.  I mostly play MMORPGs either
> solo or with a small group of RL friends.  Soloing has gotten rather slow
> for my Druid at level 13.  Most of my quests are either green (and give very
> little XP) or involve groups of 5 or 6 blue mobs or groups of 3 double
> up-arrow blue mobs.  Advancing by old fashioned killing, rather than quests,
> requires an ungodly number of kills (it feels like EQ1 did in the 50's).

Many people have said much the same thing (although most of them seem to 
feel soloing peters out around 20, not 13)

I'd bet some of this is just a question of class, or of tactics. Are 
druids really a solo class?  Just because a class of the same name in 
EQ1 was, doesn't mean that they are in EQ2, which is in many ways a 
different game confused by similar terms.  And EQ2 has only been around 
a couple months, its unreasonable to expect that the best tactics have 
already been discovered, look at the way EQ1 evolved

> 
> It's basically a single-player game, except they replaced the single player
> with a single group.
> 
Hmm, no, I'm not sure I agree entirely, since you don't have to stick 
with the same group for the entire time you play; you can swap members 
in and out, or reduce the number of people in the group (assuming your 
group is two or more) or increase it (assuming its 5 people or fewer).

I do see, though, how your objection to being unable to benefit from 
people helping you works to your point here; you aren't in a world where 
you can be buffed or helped out in a fight; you can only be rescued, 
thats not a whole lot of interaction within the thing you spend the most 
time doing; fighting.

I'm not convinced, though, that I'd feel the same way about it; by and 
large I found I didn't like the way outside buffs and outside help 
affected EQ1; they meant people would get uber buffs and take on targets 
that should have been impossible, or mow thru possible targets as though 
they were trivial; they meant that people would get outside buffs and 
then have little need for the classes that could have provided those 
buffs in group; they meant people would drag around high level alts to 
trivialize what they were doing... I think for the most part that this 
sort of play damaged the game and contributed to the feeling that you 
should level up to 50, 60, 65, 70 (depending on what the top level of 
the game was at the time) as quickly as possible, where the "real" game 
starts.

If this approach means that people actually play from 1 to 50, instead 
of power leveling past it, and that each class is valued for what it can 
contribute, instad of just what it can contribute that you can't get 
from some outside buffer sitting around in the equivalent of POT, I 
think I'd like it more, not less.

Lance


