From -8780074035491101145
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,79b802803c6488e6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-06 00:53:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.news.rcn.net!rcn!newsfeed1.earthlink.net!newsfeed2.earthlink.net!newsfeed.earthlink.net!news.mindspring.net!not-for-mail
From: Marc Fuller <katoran@mindspring.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: What's wrong with necros?
Date: Wed, 06 Jun 2001 00:54:56 -0700
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Lines: 60
Message-ID: <3B1DE1D0.BA47BB7D@mindspring.com>
References: <LodT6.28891$V51.112448@e3500-atl1.usenetserver.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: a5.79.23.6d
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Server-Date: 6 Jun 2001 07:52:52 GMT
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.72 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en,ja,zh
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:82222

Wolfhound wrote:
> 
>     I tinkered with a warrior for my first character and dumped him at 11
> because he could only hunt in the daytime and I wanted something different.
> So I created a dwarven cleric and had a blast.  No problems getting in
> groups and very fun to play...for a while.  Hard to get good loot when you
> are healing and fighting aggros and then medding.  I wanted a good solo
> character so I created a DE necro and twinked him.  Awesome fun and solo
> yellows all day long.  I've read some vague complaints and comments about
> Necros being good till higher levels and then that they suck.  I don't want
> to put a lot into this character if he is going to "suck at higher levels."
> So what is wrong with necros when they get to high levels?

Nothing really.  It's just that by higher levels, some people have had
months (or years!) to become jealous that Necros can still solo things that
would turn anyone else into a ragged smear of bug juice.  Also, a few
Necros who've solo'd exclusively will occaisionally try to group to get
some "phat lewt" that it isn't possible to solo.  At that point, it quickly
becomes apparent that they don't have the first clue how to actually work
in a group.  They'll Fear things in dungeons, summon pets in zones where
the pathing is *beyond* screwed, blow all their mana slapping DoTs on
creatures that are dead in half a minute anyway, and just generally bug the
spork out of everyone in the group.  Only a few Necros are like this, but
they are the ones that most people remember.  It's the same thing as when
you commute to work - do you remember the 300 drivers that you
passed/passed you intelligently and politely, or do you remember that moron
that pulled up behind you at 90 miles an hour, tailgated you for half a
mile, zoomed around you and swerved in front of you with an inch to spare,
and then slammed on the brakes so he could hit the last ten feet of his
exit ramp without rolling his car?

As far as straight fighting in a good group, the biggest complaint I've
seen is that Necros depend on DoTs and Pets to do most of their damage. 
Outdoors, pets are rarely a problem, though they are less than welcome in
some (but not all) dungeon groups.  However, DoTs can be less than useful
in groups.  Many of the higher-level creatures have high resists, which
will cause the DoT to miss unless the mob has been debuffed.  (Magicians
and Shamans with the Malo line can help here.)  However, the mob still has
the full DoT worth of hate for you whether it sticks or not, which can get
you killed.  And unless you're fighting something like a Giant, the mob may
not live long enough for the DoT to do full damage, which makes it less
efficient than just blasting the thing with a good old fashioned fireball. 
That's part of the reason that Necros got all the Empathy spells for
transferring mana and health around.  If nothing else, the Necro can serve
the group as a mana battery and part time health sponge.

Necros don't suck any more than any other class unless you have unrealistic
expectations for what they can do.  If you expect to solo your way to 60
and get all the cool items all by your lonesome, then yeah, you'll probably
be disappointed.  And your role in high-level Plane raids will be different
than it would be in an outdoor group in the Eastern Wastes.  But I don't
think you'd be any worse off than Magicians, who seem to manage with even
less variety of spells.  Just be willing to be versatile and try doing
things differently than you have before, and you should be fine.  And if it
turns out that you really can't stand being a high-level Necro, switch to
something else.  After all, this is a game.  If you had fun getting your
Necro to level whatever, then the time wasn't "wasted," even if you decide
to try another class.

Marc Fuller


