From 1988139714102382093
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,793e0b1363528757,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-07-17 04:46:41 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!cambridge1-snf1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!bos-service1.ext.raytheon.com!cyclone.swbell.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F168C5B.953BD8F@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Zero to Five on Firiona Vie
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 230
Date: Thu, 17 Jul 2003 11:51:07 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.85
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1058442667 66.109.234.85 (Thu, 17 Jul 2003 07:51:07 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 17 Jul 2003 07:51:07 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:293248

A friend wanted to start new alts to play around with, and we
decided to try out Firiona Vie rather than trash an existing
character on our accounts to make alts on Morel Thule.

Yes, I know, you are all shocked, Lance making a non twink alt.

She made a Vah Shir shaman, and I fiddled around for a few
minutes before settling on a gnome mage.  My first character was
a gnome wizard (I think I made it to level 2 or 3 before trying
something else) and my second was an erudite mage I got to 28 or
so, still in raw silks.

So no, its not exactly my first... but its been -ages- and the
rules have changed a lot since then, plus I know a lot more than
I did back then.

I get my note handed in, then attack my guildmaster for the quick
ride to Steamfont.  Map helps me find book, I'm up in POK and
back down to Shadeweaver before /who all 1 vah shaman pops up
with a name I can send a tell to.

In the meantime, I've noticed that I speak only gnome and my only
option for a language at the trainer was human.  I put one point
into that and ignored the issue... but it looks like something is
going to have to be done; ooc is disabled, but in shout its clear
that most people don't happen to be talking in gnomish, and I can
barely make out one word in ten!

Turns out, though, that although I see "in an unknown tongue" I
can understand my friend perfectly in group and in tells.  Most
of the time.  Sometimes, for reasons I'm unable to pin down, her
speech is garbled as I'd expect.  Good thing some understanding
is possible, because despite lots of chatter, I never get one
single skill up in... combine I think it is?  Same thing happens
when I briefly group with a couple other people, I can't
understand them well while setting up the group, but once in it
we are fine, and even afterwards when the high elf shouts
something to the zone, I "hear" her loud and clear.

The shaman and I start out in the Pit in Shar Val, simply because
we are there already, plus I remember a decent ZEM and plentiful
mobs.  Thats true, and we chew thru most of them fairly easily,
they all single pull.  First funny "FV" experience is that we
both manage to fill up on loot thats not sellable; its the no
drop junk for the various Vah Shir chain quests, but since its
not flagged "no drop" we can't tell it from the sellables!

Being an extremely low level mage sort of sucks, especially
untwinked; melee with a 3/24 weapon and very low str is very hit
or miss, and there's no pet till 4th level, so you're pretty much
a poor man's wizard, casting Burst of Flame for a big 4 points at
a time.  Luckily I'm grouped with that shaman, so I have Inner
Fire on top of my Minor Shielding, adding up to a big 38 HP, plus
we can double team the mobs, she tanks while I blast away, then I
move in and she backs up and chains IF on me, so we can take out
yellow mobs if we work things out well.  Sadly, Tailfang manages
to hurt her enough when we try this that I can't get him off her
due to Low HP aggro, we got him to 40%, but he kills her, so the
"then the OOM mage tanks it while the shaman chain heals" part
doesn't happen.

Loot turns out to generally suck, though, stuff thats worth a few
coppers at best, most of it, I think we see one weapon off a
skellie.. this is no way to finance two casters worth of spell
buying I can tell you that!

My friend logs out, and I go off to earn some cash without
leveling up.  Bard quests seem like the ticket, I do get a bit of
exp off of them, but I'm second level already and its not that
much experience.  I do several of them, binding at the soulbinder
in POK and killing myself for transportation, while doing this I
run around and pick up a few quest containers to serve as free
bags.  I buy all my level 1 and 4 spells this way, along with a
stack of malachite, while getting about one yellow in level 2,
I'm pretty sure that these quests used to give better exp.
Actually the other first level spells are pretty much worthless:

Minor Shielding: 10 point self only HP buff, you get this one
free, actually useful at very low level untwinked
Burst of Flame: 4 point DD, again free on start, mainstay spell
till 4th
Flare: no damage bolt, I remember using this as a light for my
erudite when night blind really was... but can't think of a real
use for it other than perhaps finding a missing runner or
designating a target for someone else to pull
True North: everyone's favorite for useless spell, I recall using
it to navigate with.  With a LOY map, figuring out which
direction I'm headed is the work of two seconds, though.
Divination practice spell.
Reclaim Energy.  Kill your pet and get some mana back for it.  At
low levels, rarely get back even the cost of casting the spell...
but at first level when a mage gets the spell, truely useless
because the mage gets no pet until 4th level!  What cruelty to
give the reclaim spell here, I'd much rather have had a pet
instead...
Summon Dagger: The next most useful spell in the level one kit;
summons a 3/21 dagger, thats 7/8ths the delay of the default
newbie weapon.  Sadly even though its piercing my shaman friend
can't weild it
Summon Food: Its going to be a while before my free stack of 20
food runs out.
Summon Drink: Likewise my free stack of 20 water.  I don't think
even a little untwinked mess like me is really going to need this
spell for food and drink anyway, other than on long camps where
it can be handy.

When my friend logs back on, we decide to give up on Shar Val for
the moment, and move to Kelethin.  Right near the newbie lift is
a decent hunting area, the spawn rate seems to be much higher
than it was back a couple years ago when I last hunted here.  By
and large the killing is easier here than it was in Shar Val, and
the loot is massively better.  Sadly, I can't wear the cloth
armor thats dropping except for some reason the cap, but weapons
drop which sell to vendors for some nice change.  Shaman has to
log for some baby care duties, but we decide I should go ahead
and level to 4 for the pet.  Soloing means down time as it turns
out, since I have to toe to toe the mobs, and I find out that I
really can't do much damage meleeing even so, I have to channel
nukes to get the mobs dead, piercing often fails to keep up with
their HP regen!  I loot almost a full set of cloth for my friend
and bank it, plus make a fair amount of cash for myself.  At one
point in third level, I die and decide to go poke my head into
Crushbone.  I can't pull the entrance mobs single, and end up
zoning out and back in a couple times trying before someone else
kills them, then I go in and roam around for a while.  I can do
the pawns in here, and the ZEM seems to be better than in GFay,
but more interestingly the centurions people are killing often go
all or partially unlooted, and I scavenge several pieces of Small
cloth armor, which fits me, as well as 3 CB belts for my shaman
friend to get better than cloth and some exp with.  Eventually I
aggro a yellow to me centurion which manages to kill me, although
I do get it down to one percent, it was so close that the "you
must be standing to cast a spell" message I got for being
unconcious when my final attempted Burst of Flame finished
casting was all that stopped me winning out after all.

Back out to GFay, very happy about the Load Spell thingy that
makes even more of a mockery of level 1 to 10 deaths (don't even
have to suffer thru memming spells one at a time, just hit load
and lean back for a breather!), I finish up level 3, ding 4, and
sit to mem the new spells.

Burn: 11 point DD, still not a bolt though
Fire Flux: PB AE nuke, hard to imagine actually using this one
unless perhaps I was being PLed; would be nice if I had a ton of
HP and regen and a DS on, cause I wouldn't have to target mobs to
damage them so as to get credit for the kills.
Gate.  No more ranger gate to travel... unless I'm OOM that is,
since death still refreshes mana bar while gate uses 50 mana out
of my tiny untwinked pool
Sense Summoned.  One of the SOE line of near useless spells, lets
me see the nearest "summoned" creature that isnt' a PC pet.  How
often am I going to want to know this?  And how often when I do
am I going to be level 4 to 7?
Summon Bandages.  Well, I have a shaman buddy... but then again,
I need to get Bind up so I can function as a HP battery when
she's canna-ing if I'm good on mana or (dream on non twink boy)
get a horse.
Summon Wisp.  Another SOE joke, an extremely Poor light source,
my erudite mage found it nearly useless even back when you had
worse night vision and there was no POK book system to help you
go from Hallas to Qeynos; that BB to Everfrost tunnel was every
night blind character's worst nightmare but the wisp glow is so
tiny it almost doesn't help.
Elementalkin: Air
Elementalkin: Earth
Elementalkin: Water
Elementalkin: Fire

Finally I'm a Mage for real, pet time!  I go with the water pet
for now, decent melee and HP and a nuke (I can't tell how large
though).  Air is too easily killed, although with a tank in the
group its probably the best with good melee and the stun it keeps
casting to sort of "slow" the target, Earth doesn't hit enough
and has that annoying habit of rooting which I'm not interested
in tactically at the moment, Fire is far too easily killed if
using it as tank, and if you aren't then the DS is wasted... so
until the shaman gets better HP buffs I figure to stick with
Water

The shaman logs back on now, I hook her up with the cloth armor
plus a shield (she's missing only feet and shoulders now) and
then we start killing.  The pet makes an absolute mockery of the
1 thru 3 killing I've been doing, it chops up the level one and
two mobs like they were nothing, and the level 3 mobs don't take
much out of it, with the shaman's help even the yellow to me, red
to her mobs are a thing of ease.  My job settles down into a
question of finding the next mob to designate, she's relegated to
looting the dead as fast as they fall, and chaining IF on the pet
when we face the larger mobs.  Then we find a Rusty Halberd on a
skellie, and things go from good to outrageous; with the halberd
in hand the pet is doing up to 20 points per blow while keeping
its 30 delay.  The shaman rapidly dings 3 and then 4 on this
plan, then has to log out shortly before I ding 5.  If I'd kept a
log it would look almost silly, with exp messages coming in
extremely short intervals since I'm sending pet at everything
that moves and the level one skellies and orc pawns are often
dispatched in one blow.  I also have to move several times as its
too hard to keep from KSing people fighting near me since I'm
just spinning in place slamming the f8 key till I find a new
target while pet kills the last; he never kills one thats out of
exp range even after running.  Finally I head in for the night,
sell my loot out and convert it in the bank, over 5pp, pretty
nice.  Sadly, the level 8 spells are massively more expensive
than the level 1 or 4 ones were, I'll need a lot more cash than
this to buy the list.

The other interesting thing about FV is the "no drop" nature of
its loots.  The formerly no drop items still won't sell to
vendors, but there should be a robust trading economy for them...
only thing is, due to the language problem, I can't really
auction the stuff I see dropping to the elves in the zone  (nor
could I have to Vah Shir, although my friend could have sold that
stuff for me).  I suppose I should go fight in Steamfont instead,
so as to gather up a kit of gnome gnewbie armor, but at the time
getting cloth and stuff for my shaman friend seemed more
interesting, and Crushbone has always been one of my favorite
newbie fighting areas, something always satisfying about killing
orcs.

I wonder if there's a market for the quest drops, or if that
makes no sense, twinks will have better and newbies can't afford
much; the bazaar doesn't even let you search for items costing
under 1pp, after all.  Plus most of it doesn't stack, and I can't
afford many Trader Bags.  Well, something to look in to.

Splendid, 5 mage, Firiona Vie





