From -8769796942279113783
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,62790c563bacf2db
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-25 05:40:33 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!tank.news.pipex.net!pipex!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3C00F247.FAA60337@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Solo Cleric (was Re: Cleric trying to avoid aggros! Advice?)
References: <AexL7.1157$ud.160155@news-nb00s0.nbnet.nb.ca> <5zxL7.14341$py4.9179325@news2.nash1.tn.home.com> <qcdtvtsdgksljg2ndp0p3v1i1lhqkck4k8@4ax.com> <3BFEC7FF.B924E4A5@dejazzd.com> <vh410uoc0f2l9joagtj3l111eunqgp389t@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 157
Date: Sun, 25 Nov 2001 13:30:31 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.144.172.127
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1006695031 216.144.172.127 (Sun, 25 Nov 2001 08:30:31 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 25 Nov 2001 08:30:31 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:138206



Handy Solo wrote:

> Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com> allegedly wrote:
>
> <>
>
> >
> > I'm not sure where the Wrath comes in on your plan... stun to buy
> > time, root to buy a good deal more time... and then wrath to break
> > the root and increase your aggro still further?  Try stun/root/atone
> > instead, I think you'll be amazed how much less the mobs go after
> > you or the chanter.
>
> Been thinking about this a bit more.  The combo I had listed
> (stun/enstill/wrath) is something I use during solo'ing, so your
> suggestions have been implemented for gropuing.
>
> That being said...
>
> Although I very rarely solo, sometimes I just can't get a group or (to
> be honest) am quite picky about pick up groups and find myself
> solo'ing.  To that end, I do the
>
> 1) Stun it (Force).  74dd and short term parks it
> 2) Park it (Enstill).  Root
> 3) Wrath it (err. Wrath).  210dd
>
> and then re-Enstill when that breaks and lather, rinse repeat.  When
> it gets weak I just run along and bash on it a bit.
>
> Is there a better way to solo a 35 cleric?  I know I could be doing
> some perverse form of Fear Kiting (with no snare?) but I get enough of
> that as a bard and am wondering if I'm missing better, more efficient
> options.

There are two lines of root you get as a cleric.  Root, and later
Immobilize,
are fast casting short  term roots.  Enstil and Paralyzing Earth are
slower
casting longer lasting roots.  Although many spells you get are upgrades
to existing lines  (eg having got Valor you'll probably never again cast
Bravery) others are different situational spells.

The root type spells have a funny component to them; each time the
target is hit with a DD spell, it gets another chance to break the root.
A pretty good chance, actually.  So root tends to stick until the
first or possibly second nuke, rarely lasting its full duration.  (heck,
quite often the target gets a partial save resulting in a shortened
duration anyway)

If you are root-and-nuke kiting, the mob, then, its better to cast
Root than Enstil; you won't get anything out of the extended
duration of Enstil since you are purposefully acting to break
the spell early.

Enstil is used to park mobs that you are -not- prepared to engage.
It costs more, and casts slower, but mobs tend to stay put longer,
potentially quite a bit longer, if undisturbed.  This is particularly
useful for pulling one mob out of a pair; cast root on the mob you
-don't- want, then switch targets to the one you do... get that
second one parked out of range, then double back and atone
the first one, and you have a clean pull.  Its also usable in a group
absent a chanter, if you are on crowd control duty, as more often than
not it will stick long enough for the group to finish off the primary
target.

If you swap Root in to your routine, you'll spend less mana, get
the same effect, and as a bonus, you'll cast faster, giving the
mob less time to reach you.

Force is another spell with limited use compared to its antecedant,
Stun.  Stun casts the fastest, costs the least mana, and has the
same duration on its useful effect (the stun part) as the higher
level stuns.  The damage you get out of the higher level stuns
is at a poor mana to damage ratio compared to your latest
nuke; just as you don't cast Smite once you get Wrath, there's
no reason to be casting Force for damage production when
you could be casting Wrath alone for that, and getting the stun
effect for the practically free rate of Stun.

Force and Holy Might are useful in much more limited situations;
when you are facing a casting mob.  Since the refresh time on
each stun is much longer than the stun duration, adding that
second stun to your repetoir meant it became possible to
watch a caster closely while your group is working on it,
and have a stun to cast most times when you see xxx is
starting to cast a spell.  Force means it is possible to keep
a mob almost constantly stunned by chain casting one after
the other.   Certain casting mobs can be soloed by hitting them
with nothing but stuns, preventing them from casting at you and
doinng barely enough damage to overcome their rather poor
HP.   By and large, though, you'll need someone else to kill
a mob if you are chain stunning it, as you simply won't do
enough damage before you run out of mana.

Movement isn't mentioned in your plan, but its an important
component, you should be moving away from the mob out
to maximum casting range while you are unable to cast due
to all your spells being grayed out.  Even if the mob is faster
than you are, this still buys you some additional time to cast.

Stun
move away
Root
move away
Wrath
move away... unless you are already at maximum range
If mob still stationary, repeat from Wrath
If mob broke root, repeat from Stun

You may also want to experiment, Root casts faster
than the Enstil you were using, you may be able to
dispense with the Stun portion of the exercise
entirely.  Stun costs so little this won't save you
much mana, but it will speed up the kite a bit and
you won't be looking at as many potential resists.
Save Stun for when Root gets resisted and you
need to open range back up.  Since Stun is
faster than the Force you were using, it makes a
much better "oops" spell, less time for the mob
to run to you, or less time you have to channel
thru the mob beating on you if its reached you.

Lets see, what else.  Hmm, Wrath.  You know
whats a better spell?  No, not the lowest one in
the same line, Strike, although that would be
consistent with me claiming Root and Stun
are better for your purposes than Enstill and Force...
No, its Expel Undead.  Casts faster, cycles much
quicker, and does more damage per mana.  Of
course it only works on undead, but if you are
free to pick your targets, its a very good reason
to pick undead.  Particularly interesting at your
level are Spectres; this is likely the highest level
mob you can find that you can solo, yeilding the
most exp for your mana.  As a bonus, Spectres
move quite slowly, if things go badly you can
outrun them even without SOW.  There is a single
spawn spectre in Feerot, or a couple larger spawns
that you can take if you can get someone to break
the original spawn for you ... or if you are brave
enough to try my Root/Atone pull, you can break
the double spawn yourself.  I used to solo the
spectres people would misspull in Oasis at your
level, as they move so slowly that I could Fear
kite them.  If you are root kiting them, you'll have
to accept a fair amount of damage from their
casting unless you've pumped your magic resist
way up so it doens't effect you... which is a good plan.

Any other plans I can pick apart?

Bergh Brelltender
53 Vicar, Morel Thule



