From 5600421566578797055
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,83f8c176ffbc7496
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-28 12:35:12 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!wn11feed!worldnet.att.net!216.166.71.14!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!intern1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp.vallnet.com!news.vallnet.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 28 Dec 2003 14:35:11 -0600
From: "Tyas_MT" <tyas_mt@hotplonkmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3fedd606$1_2@127.0.0.1> <msmHb.8297$lo3.4117@newsread2.news.pas.earthlink.net>
Subject: Re: EQ, or back and gone again, and general OT rambling.
Date: Sun, 28 Dec 2003 14:35:08 -0600
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: 208.147.202.55
Message-ID: <3fef3e7e@news.vallnet.com>
X-Original-Trace: 28 Dec 2003 14:35:10 -0600, 208.147.202.55
Lines: 127
NNTP-Posting-Host: 206.25.206.4
X-Trace: sv3-xvQ4RRbGp2qCH1WkNYueybBK+sHwXiWlkl9BxpDTJ+9JnwZ5K3NJ7UTUEjF20BwJTl8YOhQYaNoA5C+!5DNcQ0zucOhomHPdfRyOx3VtAroLITqYvRYfyLSOdC8wwNuK9qSuLEO/jWX0wQ==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@vallnet.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@vallnet.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13485


"Tim Smith" <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com> wrote in message
news:msmHb.8297$lo3.4117@newsread2.news.pas.earthlink.net...
> In article <3fedd606$1_2@127.0.0.1>, Tyas_MT wrote:
> It's interesting how things like that can have such a big effect.  In EQ,
> you can lock down mobs for a very long time (or forever?).  From what you
> say, it looks like in SWG, you can't lock them down much at all.  In DAoC,
> you can lock many mobs down, but not forever (my 20ish Healer, for
example,
> can mez mobs for about 40 seconds, and then remez for 20, then remez for
10,
> and so on).
In SWG crowd control consists of a few minor tricks:
a) An ability called warning shot, that makes things run away. The problem
is if anyone shoots it after it's been warning shotted, it immediatly
reagros. Also warning shot doesn't last long, and only works once on a
creature.
b) knockdowns/delays. Unfortunatly they are on timers so you can't knock
something down all the time. If you are lucky, you can knock it down, delay
it, dizzy it as the delay is running out, then maybe be able to knock it
down again once the dizzy wears off.
c) A few of the ranger and scout traps can be used to snare or root.
Unfortunatly lots of things in this game have ranged attacks, so root
doesn't help as much as it might.
d) Riflemen have a chance to pull a single from a pack with one of their
sniper abilities... since there are so few riflemen, I've never seen that in
action.
e) I tried feign pulling with my smuggler once... it didn't work very well
(in SWG you have to be hit to drop to the ground). It wouldn't work at all
now (anything that agros on me instantly reaquires agro when I stand up...
even non agro creatures I shot once. FD is very lousy now. Still useful, but
I think it's funny they keep talking about how smugglers need to be redone
from the ground up, and they are going to get some very special attention,
but the 5 of the last 7 changes to smuggler have been nerfs. usually minor,
but nerfs none the less).
f) Standard method, bring a creature handler with a big tough pet, and send
the pet in first, so it gets all the agro.
> Another interesting thing is healing in different games.  In EQ, higher
<snip>
> How does healing work in SWG?  Does it encourage the EQ-style MT, or the
> DAoC-style "the more the merrier" tanking, or something else?
>
> -- 
> --Tim Smith
Damage in SWG encourages 'get a Creature handler and let pikachu tank'. Let
me explain:
1. There are no 'levels' in the traditional sense. You get special abilities
as you get farther in your professions, and better modifiers, but you don't
add hitpoints. Also, Hitpoints are divided into three pools: Health, Action,
and Mind, which you draw on to do special abilities. When fighting powerful
foes I find that my action stat will be nearly gone at the end of the fight.
You can adjust how the pools are layed out (called Stat migration), but you
can't really increase them permenantly.

Doctors have stat buffs, that affect your Health and Action, as well as the
stats that affect how much health and action you use for specials, and how
much you regen. These buffs last for 1-3 hours. Doctors, medics, and Combat
medics can all heal Heal and Action damage, as well as Health and Action
wounds (semi permenant damage you sometimes aquire when something whacks
you.)
One class, the 'tka' has it's own self buff that doubles it's health,
action, and mind.
Food, made by chefs, can have massive short duration improvements in various
stats, usually the regen stats, not the health action or mind directly. But
you can only consume food till you are 'full' and you will quickly reach
full if relying on that for stat boosts.
Smugglers make spice, which generates similar duration, though less
effective, buffs than food, but doesn't stack with itself (If I need a
really high Quickness, so I don't use much action, I can eat two or three
+quickness foods at a time. Not so spice), and has a negative effect when it
wears off (called a 'downer'). But as soon as the downer is away you can use
spice again, and keep chaining it togethter to your hearts content.
Entertainers (dancer/musician) can double your mind stat. Fully buffed it
lasts about an hour or two. Entertainers also heal mind wounds (not damage)
and cure battle fatigue, a type of 'heals are less effective on you' wound
that accumulates as you fight. Battle fatigue generally has little effect on
characters though, they go in for mind wound healing long before it gets to
significant levels.
Food and Spice are the only way to improve your mind regen/use stats, and
those are very temporary.
Combat medics have the ability to heal mind damage (not wounds) at the
expense of giving themselves wounds.
Doctors have 'revival packs', which allow them to bring back a deathblowed
character.
Combat medic's big trick is that they heal at range... doctors and medics
must be in melee range to heal.
All three healer classes get both healing effeciency and healing speed
boosts, to the effect that even with our TKA loaded with doctor buffs,
loaded with his self buffs, and wearing good armor, our doctor just uses his
C packs (there are a,b,c,d,e I think) to keep him healed. But if you need
the damage healing, you use bigger rather than lots of small, because using
two E packs and two A packs take the same amount of time (though I think the
E packs may use more of your mind pool... not sure, I'm not a doc).
Essentially, fights when you have a doctor but not combat medic around are
generally lost because the tank got Mind incapped, or the doc ran out of
Mind to heal with (yes, in the sci fi game, the doc went OOM). Occasionally
it's because the doctor drew agro, or was in range of an AE attack that
incapped him. With pets you have 'pet stims' that heal heath action and mind
all at the same time, so it's not as much of an issue. But they are slower
than normal stims.

IF you are planing an all day hunt, you want a doctor for the buffs. Our
nice high combat capability professions group hunting whites, yellows, and
light reds (con based on group and similar to EQ. White=even match) can win
most fights with little healing if the TKA (Tera-Kasai Artist... a martial
arts type) is doctor buffed and the pets draw some of the damage (pets have
massive hp greater than ours... our MCH has a lizard with 36000 health...
Our TKA doctor and self buffed has had as much as 5000. The doctor uses stim
D's on him, Stim E's are too expensive to make)

Also, the Doctor can revive people when things go to hell, assuming he
survives.

An Entertainer is good for taking care of wounds and keeping minds buffed,
especially the Doctor, In effect doubling his mana pool

But you really want a combat medic, they will keep you moving, even when the
doctor can't because they heal mind.

I think while the mechanics encourage the EQ type 'big heals', the reality
falls somewhat closer to DAoC because people don't have that much HAM... Our
doctor says with his best stim pack, maxed heal experimentation, maxed
ability and his enhancement clothes, he gets 3500 point heals... more than
most people will ever have in health and action.





