From 3990303642503689383
X-Google-Thread: fb739,26cd1ac18dd581e4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!news.zanker.org!nntp-peering.plus.net!ptn-nntp-feeder01.plus.net!ptn-nntp-spool01.plus.net!ptn-nntp-reader01.plus.net!not-for-mail
User-Agent: Halime (MacOSX)/1.0rc2b
MIME-Version: 1.0
Subject: OT: Second Life, first impressions.
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="ISO-8859-15"
Message-ID: <20040706214438285+0100@usenet.force9.net>
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Organization: <none>
From: David Navarro <david@alcaudon.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Date: 06 Jul 2004 20:44:55 GMT
Lines: 75
NNTP-Posting-Host: 212.56.101.194
X-Trace: 1089146695 ptn-nntp-reader01.plus.net 60482 212.56.101.194:32964
X-Complaints-To: abuse@plus.net
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:8879

After letting my City of Tedium account expire, I decided to give Second 
Life a try, drawn mostly by the $9.99 one-time payment and free client 
download... if it turned out to suck, well, I've been known to spend 
more on less. It sounded intriguing, perhaps the closest thing yet to 
Neal Stephenson's "Metaverse", a place to just hang out in the shape of 
an avatar, meet other people, and even conduct business. This is a very 
short recap of my first impressions, as I've just finished the tutorial, 
created a character, and wandered around a little.

First things first... Characters. You only have one character, which is 
the name you chose when you set up an account. You are free to pick a 
first name, and then need to choose a surname from a long list. Then you 
enter the game, and follow a well laid-out tutorial to familiarise 
yourself with the controls and interface, and with editing your 
appearance.

Even though you only have one character, you can save and load different 
appearances (and I mean, totally different) even down to your genre. If 
you are interested in regular cross-dressing, I'd recommend a fairly 
gender-neutral first name. The choices for character customisation are 
overwhelming, much more in-depth than anything in City of Heroes, or 
even Star Wars Galaxies (from what I've read, I haven't played it). The 
problem is, the quality of the available models and textures is nothing 
short of atrocious (don't get me started on the animation... /weep), and 
no matter how long you spend tweaking it, you are going to end up with 
an ugly-as-fuck avatar.

In my first stroll around the world I met a "mentor", the equivalent of 
the EQ guides. He was very polite and helpful, introducing himself and 
offering assistance before I even knew what that flying, Matrix-textured 
avatar was. Speaking of flying, it's not limited to Mentors, everybody 
can fly, and even instantly teleport anywhere on the map. Druids ultra-
nerfed from the word go, in other words. The world has some re-draw 
issues, but considering that most of the content is downloaded in real-
time as you move (the actual game binary is a tiny 20MB or so, although 
I'm sure it caches the data on disk and is therefore bound to grow). 
Walking around, I came across an archery range, hover-bike races, big 
aerostatic balloons, and a handful of avatars, pretty much all as ugly 
as mine.

The default view is 3rd person, with an optional first-person mode. This 
is unfortunate, because watching yourself "walk" is enough to make a 
cucumber weep. The animation is gone beyond just bad, and well into 
taking-the-piss territory. The architecture and inanimate objects range 
from fairly mediocre (the default ones) to terrible (most of the player-
created ones). I'm sure that, somewhere in the game, there are amazingly 
beautiful, high-quality player-created houses and items, but I haven't 
come across them yet.

Money appears to be fairly important in the game, but it's an area I 
haven't explored yet. The standard one-time payment earns you a small 
allocation -- the monthly fees give you a much bigger allocation, and 
the right to buy land.

On the whole, a somewhat-whelming experience. Since I'm on the one-time 
fee, there is no need to worry about cancelling, not cancelling or 
letting things expire, so I'll see how the social aspects of it develop (
so far, I haven't feel compelled to interact with anybody - I'm amused 
enough just flying around and seeing the sights), and if any of my 
friends get accounts for themselves. Being a huge Neal Stephenson fan, 
I'd love to see for this, or something similar, grow and become another 
generic medium for interaction. For that to happen, though, Linden Labs 
would probably need to reduce even the one-time fee to zero, to get the 
ball rolling... The worth of a network increases with the square of the 
number of nodes, or something like that.

At any rate, if you decide to try for yourself (you get a 7-day trial 
before the one-time payment is taken from your credit card), and you 
come across Lawrence Beckett, do say hello. 

-- 
Venerable Hanrahan, Storm Warden (Human), Fennin Ro
Molgarin, 40-odd Monk (Human), Fennin Ro
			
"No, I didn't waste my youth... and I hate myself for it."


