From 1282269933377809768
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f39fcc3a2877040a
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-02 11:13:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-04!supernews.com!novia!novia!cyclone2.usenetserver.com!usenetserver.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!bin3.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3BBA03A7.EF15B078@not.there.anymore.com>
From: StanMann <stanmann@not.there.anymore.com>
Reply-To: stanmann@For.real.I.can.be.reached.at.YahooSPAM.com
Organization: As little as possible
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.51 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Dynamic Duo For FV
References: <3BB884AA.70664C3@yahoo.com> <revirt0am40m3e7u2dkf8sh180k24rspet@4ax.com> <3BB8DA04.6CB1DFD9@servtech.com> <3BB99A2B.8B092C13@hotmail.com> <3BB9A404.4960562E@not.there.anymore.com> <3BB9B7DC.9516CC38@hotmail.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Lines: 897
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 02 Oct 2001 13:13:18 CDT
X-Trace: sv3-irlPlGkV2v6MdmHuKfvTCLXL3S8BniXHxUGpArz0NxlA2zEtJdtND+XtzufzlyJkSiO9C2AJl9evwm2!FFuuuEVErjkX6GT6WGudZlbeBLWz9ULPqQTKQs3DSQ3BOXFgGaZEvNOlb/5bu181qe0Mxw==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@GigaNews.Com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
Date: Tue, 02 Oct 2001 18:13:18 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:122786



Jim Monk wrote:
> 
> Sorry if this comes out as a right mess.
> I hope that it just fits.
> 
> Since that mail on sony's site was such a mess here are some tables.
> I hope that they come out ok.
> If not they are tab deliminated and you should be able to paste into an
> app.
> Any one see a similarity between these alignments and D&D ?
> NN is neutral (true neutral)
> 
>         OG      NG      DG      ON      NN      DN      OE      NE      DE
> Barb    x       x       x       x       x       x
> DarkE                                                   x       x       x
> Dorf                            x       x       x
> Erud    x       x               x
> Heretic                                                 x       x
> Gnome           x       x               x       x               x       x
> HalfE   x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x
> Halflg          x       x               x       x
> HighE   x       x               x
> Human   x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x
> Iksar                                                   x       x
> Ogre                                                    x       x       x
> Troll                                                           x       x
> WoodE           x       x               x       x
> 
>         OG      NG      DG      ON      NN      DN      OE      NE      DE
> Bard    x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x
> Cleric  x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x
> Druid                                   x
> Enc     x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x
> Mage    x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x
> Monk    x                       x                       x
> Necro                                                   x       x       x
> Pal     x       x
> Ran     x       x       x       x       x       x
> Rog             x       x               x       x               x       x
> SK                                                      x       x
> Sham    x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x
> War     x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x
> Wiz     x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x
> 
>         OG      NG      DG      ON      NN      DN      OE      NE      DE
> Agnos   x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x       x
> Bertox                                                          x       x
> Brell S x       x       x       x       x       x
> Cazic T                                                 x       x       x
> Fizzl B         x       x               x       x               x       x
> Innork                                                  x       x       x
> Karana          x       x               x       x
> Eroli M x       x       x
> Mith M  x       x
> Prexus  x       x       x       x       x       x
> Quel    x       x               x       x
> Rall Z                          x       x       x       x       x       x
> Rodc N  x       x       x
> Sol R           x       x               x       x               x       x
> Trib    x                       x       x
> Tunare  x       x       x       x       x       x
> Veeshn                                  x
> 

 Choosing an alignment 

 With this server we have decided to introduce the idea of alignment
into the world of
 Norrath. This is an idea used in many roleplaying games to help the
players and the game
 master to further describe their characters, to express their social
and emotional personality
 in much the same way that we take the time to describe a character's
physical appearance. 

 Because this concept is new to EverQuest, we have written descriptions
of each of the nine
 possible alignments. Each description is an outline of the ideals of
these alignment types;
 characters can, of course, move around within the border of those
ideals as they see fit. We
 encourage you to choose an alignment that suits the personality of your
character. A
 character that is in all ways neutral, but refuses to aid a dark elf or
troll because he believes
 them to be evil, might be neutral good, not neutral. 

 These are things that often develop as you play your character. When
you started out with
 a new character you may have had certain designs in mind for her. You
might have seen her
 as tolerant of both good and evil, willing to help anyone that needed
it. But as she travels
 and meets people she might realize that helping evil people has never
been a pleasant
 experience, and that indeed she feels obliged to obey the rules and
learns to despise rogues.
 A character that you thought would be neutral when you created her may
end up being
 neutral good after the two of you experience Norrath a bit. 

 This is why you will not be able to choose the alignment of your
character until you reach
 10th level. Instead, your character will be given an alignment when you
choose his class,
 race and deity. That alignment will match the ideals of that
character's teachers. If your
 character starts as an agnostic human warrior, he will have left his
training with all the
 impressions that his teachers gave him about the world. Because the
character spent so long
 under the tutelage of people who insisted that a warrior must follow
the middle road and be
 willing to fight when and where he was needed, he will enter his career
as a neutral. But
 adventuring changes people, and after ten levels of such adventure you
will be able to
 decide your character's alignment, within restrictions determined by
that character's race,
 class and deity. For example, high elves must be good, and will be
restricted to good
 alignment options when they reach tenth level, or at any time
thereafter. 

 This will be the only time that you will be able to make this decision,
so choose wisely. Get
 to know your character before choosing. 

 Below we have included several documents that might be useful for you
to read over before
 choosing what character to play on this server. 

 Alignment Descriptions - outlines the general beliefs of characters of
each of the possible
 alignments. 

 Racial Alignments - outlines the alignment options for each race. 

 Deity Alignments - outlines the alignment options for characters that
follow each of the gods
 that are available to worship. 

 Class Alignments - outlines the alignment options for each class. 

 These last three (racial, deity and class) essentially form a matrix
that will determine the
 alignment options that your character will have, and also have a hand
in determining the
 alignment that your character begins with. 

 Alignment Descriptions 

 Neutral (N) 

 A person of neutral alignment can be very different from another person
of the
 same alignment. For example, a druid might actively defend the center,
holding a
 strong desire that neither good nor evil, order nor discord gain
control in the
 world, for each of them is inherently unbalanced and unnatural. But a
warrior of
 neutral alignment might be unconcerned about such things and simply
wish that
 all those with such strong opinions keep them to themselves. In either
case, the
 neutral character is not strongly allied with the ideas of order or
discord, good or
 evil.

 Discordant Neutral (DN) 

 This is a character of unruly nature; whether in opposition to the
tenets of order
 or just because they prefer to be unconstrained, is immaterial. These
folk tend to
 be unmindful of the rules of society, preferring to do what seems
correct to them
 at the moment. This isn't a destructive kind of chaos such as would
make a
 person evil, nor is it a gentle chiding of the rules intended to show
where
 constraints hinder the ability for one to do what is good. Folks of
this alignment
 are most often just unable to understand why others have the right to
blanket
 their lives with rules when those rules can't be accurate for any of
the specific
 situations that they find themselves in.

 Orderly Neutral (ON) 

 Characters of this alignment believe foremost that sentient races must
have
 rules to abide by, or they will become lost in uncivilized discord.
This does not
 necessarily make them proselytizers of order. It is just as likely that
one of this
 alignment would only hold themselves to such restrictions. But even so,
their
 belief in the ordering of things is strong and they will often find it
challenging to
 allow discord to work around them. One of this alignment will follow
the rules of
 any society he finds himself in, and will tend to avoid the company of
those that
 hold no rules or laws important.

 Neutral Good (NG) 

 Characters of this alignment believe that being good is more important
than being
 orderly or chaotic. If rules make certain people happy, then they
should have
 such rules. If rules cause others to be troubled, then they should be
able to go
 where such rules do not apply. But neither rules nor a hatred of such
rules should
 be an excuse for a person to be evil. Above all else, being good is
what matters.
 This may only be a personal goal, or it might be something that the
character
 desires for others. In any case, such a person will be unable to abide
evil in any
 form. How they respond to such evil will vary from person to person,
but they will
 never encourage evil and will never aid one that does evil.

 Neutral Evil (NE) 

 Characters of this alignment are uninterested in order or discord. Such
disinterest
 might stem from a lack of concern, or it might spring from disdain. For
the most
 part, a person of this alignment strives primarily to achieve evil
ends. Their goals
 might be personal, or they may wish to impress evil upon others. But
evil is in
 them, and they can not tolerate goodness. They will never aid a person
of
 goodly demeanor, and depending on their personal desires will either
hinder them
 or shun them.

 Orderly Evil (OE) 

 Characters of this alignment form the heart of many evil societies.
Their rules
 may be cruel, perhaps even frightening, but they are the devices that
keep
 society in line. Evil to the core, these characters understand the
power of
 organization and order, and they know that the way of discord is the
way of
 self-destruction. If you want your dreams to come true, either as a
person or as
 a society, then you must have the strength of order to build on.
Structure is
 what makes evil terrible and mighty. Ambitious orderly evils desire the
destruction
 of all that is good, and often have a plan for making that happen.

 Chaotic Evil (CE) 

 Characters of this alignment eschew rules as restrictive to the purpose
of evil.
 They believe that confusion and mayhem are the most effective tools
available.
 They find those of order to be far too constrained by their own rules
to be
 effective. Only those willing to throw off the shackles of order can
ever truly be
 great. Seething chaos is the soil that nourishes true evil. Honor is
for fools and
 paladins, both of which make fine mulch for the garden.

 Orderly Good (OG) 

 Characters of this alignment believe that good is enhanced by order.
True peace
 can only be achieved through the foundation of just rules and true
goodness.
 Discord breeds evil, for those who are unwilling to follow rules most
often do so
 because those rules enforce what is good. Certainly some rules are
unjust and
 should be defied. But such rules are only created by those who are evil
at heart.
 Societies, families, and individuals alike should be willing to do what
is right, and
 to set what is right down as law. Some might be asked to make
sacrifices for the
 good of others. Those unwilling to do so, those who say that rules are
too
 constraining and are unwilling to abide by them because it discomforts
them to
 do so, are selfish. Selfishness often leads to evil. Evil is
intolerable.

 Discordant Good (CG) 

 Characters of this alignment believe that being good is an internal
measure, not a
 societal one. Many of the rules that societies create have nothing to
do with
 being good, but are designed to restrict people so that they can't be
evil. A fine
 distinction, to be sure. But how can a rule, written onto a piece of
paper or
 carved into stone by someone days, months or even years prior have any
 pertinence to an action taking place right now? Stealing is against the
rules in
 many places, but it is not by its very nature evil. It is only the
intent of the
 person doing the stealing that determines the goodness of the act.
Stealing
 money from an evil man and using that money to feed those who have
little is a
 good act, not an evil one. Rules hinder many acts that are indeed good. 

 Racial Alignments 

 Each of the races of Norrath has a society, and that is where they
learn how to behave
 themselves (or, for some, how to misbehave). Below are very brief
descriptions of the
 alignment tendencies of each race. The alignments available to
characters of each race are
 listed in parentheses after the description. The most common alignments
will appear first,
 with those after each successive dash being less common than those
previous. 

 Barbarians 

 These isolationists tend toward neutrality and slightly toward
goodness. They
 also tend to be orderly, primarily because the most commonly worshipped
deity in
 Halas is the Tribunal. However, they are a wild people in a wild land,
and not a
 few of them feel constrained by rules and follow the ways of discord.
For the
 most part their society honors bravery and skill over trickery and
greed, and
 desires of power or other evil thoughts are channeled and controlled by
the
 overwhelming need to prove themselves to their people. (N/NG/ON -
OG/DG/DN)

 Dark Elves 

 Driven primarily by the hatred that created them, dark elves are
strongly evil.
 Their society is orderly (as order is the only thing that keeps their
society
 stable). But in some the urge for evil is unrestrained by the rules of
their society,
 and there are discordant elements among the dark elves, primarily among
those
 of the necromantic arts. Upward movement in the society of Neriak
requires
 great cunning and self-control, however, and it is rare that those who
do not
 posses orderly minds gain power in those circles. But dark elves are
driven by all
 kinds of hatred- wild, flaring, dangerous hatred as well as cold,
seething,
 dangerous hatred. (OE/NE - DE )

 Dwarves 

 As sturdy of mind as they are of body, dwarves tend strongly toward
order.
 Moved more by the smooth strength of steel and the beauty of precious
stones,
 they are rarely motivated by the temptations of good or evil. However,
through
 long, if strained, relationship with the high and wood elves and from
continuous
 battle with the evil of the goblins, they will stray toward goodness
rather than
 evil, if indeed they stray at all. The dwarven society prides itself on
its honor,
 steadfastness in times of trouble, and its loyalty to its kin. (ON -
N/NG)

 Erudites 

 A people of two societies. The first was founded by Erud himself and
still hold his
 strong beliefs at the core. Meticulous might be a good way to describe
these
 folk. Their lives are ever bent toward discoveries of the mind. Their
society
 reflects this. They are generally peaceful and orderly, and have become
even
 more dedicated to the ideals of peace and order since their civil war
gave a face
 to those among them who were dedicated to evil. It isn't unreasonable
to
 envision those Erudites and the heretics as distillations of the two
faces of
 order� 

 The heretics of Paineel are just as orderly and meticulous as their
estranged
 cousins in Erudin. Where the Erudites see order as a device that allows
people
 the freedom to be good, the heretics see it as a tool that gives
strength to their
 evil. They are no less organized in their daily lives than the people
of Erudin are,
 but the goals of their society involve powers of dark necromancy and
evil, rather
 than the enlightenment of good and kindness. 

 Both societies have a tendency to be harsh in their adherence to order,
as they
 have very real evidence of what can happen when one strays from the
path of
 good/evil. Erudites (ON/OG/NG), Heretics (OE - NE)

 Gnomes 

 Gnomes run the gamut, being as likely to follow one path as any other.
They are,
 however, unlikely to follow the strict life of order. They tend to be
an
 unstructured people, and their amazing skill with detailed work seems
to come
 from an inherent understanding of things, rather than any strict
organizational
 skills. The rising influence of Bertoxxulous in Ak'Anon is considered
by some
 among other races as evidence of the disorganization of the gnomes.
There
 exists an odd truce between the worshippers of the gods of the gnomes,
almost
 as if they are too busy or absentminded to take notice of the potential
conflict
 that exists within the cavern walls of their clockwork city.
(N/DN/NG/NE/DG/DE)

 Half Elves 

 Being born of humans and wood elves, and having a tendency to be
independent
 of either society in any case, half elves can be of any alignment. They
tend to
 fall into professions and worship that suit their dispositions rather
than
 conforming to the needs of any society. It is possible to find half
elves as
 members of almost any religion. In this fashion they take after their
human
 parents. (ANY)

 Halflings 

 These little folk tend to be kindly and warm, outgoing and inquisitive.
Some are
 less friendly and some are less disorderly, but for the most part they
are a
 pleasant people. While some will take up duties and keep at them
tenaciously,
 this is stubbornness rather than orderliness. Unfettered and
gregarious, these
 folk tend to chafe at rules they don't understand. Sure, it's wrong to
hurt
 people, but everyone knows that, so why do you have to make a rule that
says
 you can't? Despite what is often seen as rashness by some of the more
stoic
 races of Norrath, halflings are never swayed to evil. (DG/NG/DN/N)

 High Elf 

 These children of Tunare embody her sense of order and goodness. They
are a
 people of high values and great light. While some might be slightly
less lawful or
 marginally less good than others, high elves are incapable of evil and
chaos. This
 does not make them immune to errors in judgement, and it is not
uncommon for
 them to appear haughty and even rude due to their strong sense of
self-worth.
 As a society, they value actions over words, though even so they do not
take
 words lightly. They value the good hearts of their cousins, the wood
elves, but
 find their flightiness disconcerting. (OG - ON/NG)

 Humans 

 Diversity is their strength as well as their weakness. Humans can be of
any
 alignment, and much like their half elven kin, they tend to take up
professions
 that suit their desires. Those who feel a need for structure in their
lives will often
 settle in the cities they have built on Antonica. But it is just as
likely that you
 will meet a lawless human brigand on the road as a pleasant human
cleric. With a
 human you can never know what to expect until you get to know the
individual.
 (ANY)

 Iksar 

 Even though their empire has fallen, the Iksar are still an orderly
society. Evil to
 the core, there is very little variance from the path of order and evil
among the
 Iksar of Cabilis. Those who are too disorderly are exiled into the
wilderness of
 Kunark, where most find only death. Those who are too weak are often
killed
 trying to prove their strength. Their single-minded acceptance of Fear
has given
 their society its strength, and has given them the reputation as a
terrible and
 dangerous people. (OE - NE)

 Ogres 

 Perhaps at the height of their society (if you believe such rumors),
ogres were
 the epitome of order and the strength of evil. But these days they are
just too
 stupid to have much need for laws. Somewhat mellower than their
green-skinned
 neighbors, ogres tend to be just evil, as chaos and law require more
work. Their
 society decays as their attentiveness to their old ways slowly fades.
They can't
 be anything other than evil, but they can be motivated to be orderly or
 discordant, depending on how frequently they were dropped as children
and on
 what part of their body they landed. (NE - DE/OE)

 Trolls 

 Trolls are more motivated to destruction than ogres. They are, in fact,
a people
 bent on destruction and tend to be both discordant and evil. There is
no reason
 to believe that trolls as a people ever had a society to speak of. They
are ruled
 by the strongest among them and their society shifts with the latest
battle,
 rarely fixating on a long-term goal. Their ferocity is their strength,
serving them
 well enough in the place of rules. They are never other than evil,
though some
 are less disorderly than the rest. (DE - NE)

 Wood Elves 

 As the high elves are an orderly folk, the wood elves are wild. They
tend to be
 chaotic and willful. They represent all that is untamed in the forest
and in their
 beloved Mother of All. They are at heart a loving people though they do
stray,
 some becoming more wild than good. They are never evil, however, no
matter
 the consternation they may cause their high elven cousins. Their
society is built
 on respect more than on a sense of order. It is only reasonable to take
the
 advice of one's betters, but that does not mean that one is constrained
to obey
 that advice as if it were the only path. (DG/DN - N/NG)

 Class Alignments 

 Bard 

 Travelers, arbiters, tale-spinners, lore masters and often heroes,
bards have
 many personalities. While it is not uncommon for any given bard to have
several
 personalities all his own, as a group they are as diverse as the gods
they follow.
 (ANY)

 Cleric 

 A cleric is often the pinnacle of his society. Spiritual leader, often
lore master for
 the tales of a society or of the god that they worship. Only those
whose souls
 are most closely bound to their deity will become clerics, and so they
have
 alignments restricted by that of their deity and of their race. (ANY)

 Druid 

 A druid fights for the balance. Not content to be a bystander in the
battles that
 often occur between factions both religious and racial, a druid might
actively
 defend a forest from the ravages of good or evil alike. (N)

 Enchanter 

 Enchanters are often known for their ability to disguise themselves and
to cloud
 the minds of others. There is a tendency, therefore, for such a person
to
 understand other races and to at least study them somewhat. (ANY)

 Magician 

 Elemental mastery and the power over the servants of the elements is
not
 preclusive to any attitude. The only true requirement for this
profession is a
 strong will and perhaps an equally strong ego. (ANY)

 Monk 

 In order to be able to control one's body to the degree that a monk is
capable,
 one must first control the mind. Monks must be orderly to follow the
path that
 leads only along the razor's edge. (ON/OG/OE)

 Necromancer 

 The desire to raise and manipulate the corpses of the dead is an
unpleasant one
 at best. Most societies make rules against such activities, as
disturbing the dead
 can have accursed consequences. Necromancers, therefore, are always
evil and
 they rarely concern themselves with order. (DE - NE/OE)

 Paladin 

 Paladins are the heroic knights of legend. They are the epitome of
their people
 and their gods. This means that they must be goodly, and are most often
 orderly, but can be neutral good. (OG - NG)

 Ranger 

 Rangers are the warriors of nature. They shy away from no duty that
calls them
 to the service of their god. They share many of the beliefs of the
druids, though
 their methods may vary. A ranger can not be evil and tend indeed to be
neutral
 as do druids. But they are closer to paladins in this regard, they are
more closely
 tied to the desires of their deity than to the balance of things. (N/DN
- DG/NG -
 OG/ON)

 Rogue 

 Rogues are just that, rogues. They find rules amusing things; obstacles
at worst,
 toys at their best. A rogue may not be orderly. They, in fact, tend to
be
 discordant. (DN/N - DG/DE/NG/NE)

 Shadowknight 

 Often seen as the counterpoint to the paladin, and justifiably so.
They, too, are
 knights of legend, though of the dark sort. A shadowknight must be
evil, and
 tends to be orderly or discordant in resonance with their deity and
society.
 (LE/CE)

 Shaman 

 Much like clerics, shamans are the spiritual leaders of their people.
Those who
 are most like unto their deity will be called to be shamans. (ANY)

 Warrior 

 The warrior is as varied in personality as the battles he fights. They
tend to be
 less extreme, for those of highly religious nature tend to become
paladins and
 shadowknights, but this does not mean that a warrior can't be just as
righteous
 as any paladin. (ANY)

 Wizard 

 Theirs is only the desire for knowledge and power. Their intent for
that
 knowledge and power is dependent only on their character. (ANY)

 Deity Alignments 

 Agnostic 

 Followers of no specific god, these characters are not restricted to
any
 particular alignment, though they do tend to be neutral. (ANY)

 Bertoxxulous 

 The god of disease and decay. A seditious and unpleasant creeping comes
to
 mind when thoughts turn to Bertoxxulous. It is often thought that
without this
 god things might never fall into chaos and age. His followers are never
good, nor
 are they orderly. (DE - NE)

 Brell Serilis 

 A complicated god to define. His most prominent worshippers are, of
course, the
 dwarves of Kaladim. However, if the rumors are indeed true, he is the
creator of
 many races, both good and evil, orderly and discordant. Regardless of
the truth
 of the matter, many evil races do indeed worship Brell. However, the
belief that
 he created such creatures is not held among most races of Norrath. In
fact, the
 course of his worship among most societies has been that he is not
evil, but a
 lover of creation in its purest form. He is worshiped as a non-evil
deity, and is
 most often considered an orderly being. Modern worship of him follows
that
 course. (N/ON - NG/OG - DN/DG)

 Cazic-Thule 

 God of Fear. Mindless terror. Order and discord are irrelevant to this
god; he
 cares only for the paralyzation of fear. As long as the result is fear,
the cause or
 method is of little consequence. How his followers choose to direct
terror is up to
 them. His followers must be evil. (NE - DE/OE)

 Fizzlethorpe Bristlebane 

 God of thieves. His followers accept only one tenet, that laws are
something to
 be ridiculed. As his following among the dark elves might indicate, he
is not
 necessarily only a god of fun and tricks. While each society will have
a slightly
 different understanding of his nature, non of his followers can be
orderly. (DN -
 DG/N/DE/NE/NG)

 Innoruuk 

 God of Hate. His primary places of worship lie deep within Neriak but
his power is
 universal; it touches everyone at some in their lives. He has followers
among
 many people of Norrath. His followers must be evil. (LE - NE/CE)

 Karana 

 God of Storms. His essence is the torrential rain and fury of the
storm, the
 discord of the storm and the goodness of the nourishing rain. His
followers can't
 be evil or orderly. (N/DN/NG - DG)

 Erollisi Marr 

 Goddess of Love. Her designs are in direct opposition to those of the
god of
 Hate. It might indeed be true that her influence is as far reaching as
is
 Innoruuk's, and that even the darkest heart can be touched by Love. Her
 followers must be good. (NG/DG/OG)

 Mithaniel Marr 

 God of Righteousness and Truth. His is a more forceful goodness than
that of his
 sister, Erollisi. Order and goodness are his realm, and his sword arm
defends
 both. His followers must be good and can not be discordant. (OG - NG)

 Prexus 

 God of the oceans. Most often worshipped by those who sail the seas.
For many,
 such worship is not just a desire to avoid his wrath while at sea.
Prexus despises
 Bertoxxulous and calls Rodcet Nife ally. His followers can not be evil,
but you will
 find as many who love the seas for their wild waves as for their calm
on a clear
 night. (N/NG/OG/DG/DN/ON)

 Quellious 

 Goddess of peace and harmony. As seekers of inner peace, her followers
can
 never be discordant or evil, and are most commonly both orderly and
good. (OG -
 N/NG/ON)

 Rallos Zek 

 God of war and battle lust. While there are indeed good and just
reasons to do
 battle, those are not the only reasons. Rallos worshippers are those
who love
 battle for any cause, and reason. They can never be good, though some
are not
 as evil as others. (DE/NE/OE - N/DN/ON)

 Rodcet Nife 

 Prime Healer. Only those of good heart can follow the god of healing.
Whether
 they choose the path of order or discord is not important, as long as
they heal
 the hurts and destroy the disease of the world as they travel that
path.
 (NG/OG/DG)

 Solusek Ro 

 God of Fire. Fire is, of its very nature, a discordant element. Often
his followers
 worship him as a destructive force, a power of chaos and ruin.. But not
all of
 those who follow the Burning Prince see him that way, and some even see
fire as
 a cleansing thing. His followers can't be orderly and tend not to be
good. (DN/DE
 - N/NE - DG/NG)

 Tribunal 

 God(s) of Justice. Justice is by no means the same thing as the truth
and valor
 of Mithaniel Marr. For followers of the Tribunal, order is the primary
concern.
 Some followers of the Tribunal believe that justice can not exist
without a
 measure of concern for those it affects, but it is argued (often and at
great
 length) by most followers that this is a tainting of justice, not a
tempering of it.
 Followers are almost always orderly, and some are good. (ON- OG - N) 

 Tunare 

 Mother of All. It is said that she created the elves, who in time
became the
 orderly high elves and the more discordant wood elves. Her power is
that of
 growth and life, encompassing both order and discord as forces of
nature. Her
 followers can be of any non-evil alignment. (N/NG/OG/DG/ON/DN)

 Veeshan 

 Virtually unknown in Norrath, only bards know much of her mythology and
are still
 willing to worship her. She is believed to be the mother of all dragons
and dragon
 kin. Otherwise, the lore about the nature of her worship is all but
lost. Her
 followers interpreted what little they know about her and, perhaps as
much
 through ignorance as from truth, have created a path of worship to her
that
 eschews order, discord, good and evil in equal amounts. (N)

StanMann

-- 
OK, I have tremendous admiration for someone who goes to the trouble of
learning American English when it isn't their native tongue, but there
is
precious little that is funnier than someone cursing in English when
they
aren't completely fluent in it. It's made even funnier when they're
apopleptic with rage, as Arnaud here is.--Brandon Blackmoor


