From -5228234507385984999
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,781ebe979a6b760f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-04 06:29:56 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newshosting.com!news-xfer2.atl.newshosting.com!167.206.3.103.MISMATCH!news3.optonline.net!newsfeed2.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!easynews-local!news.easynews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Lewzephyr <lewiszephyr@clotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Scheduled Maintenance for all EverQuest Servers on Wednesday, November 5th
Message-ID: <9udfqvg9ukbb438dtuk3au4oj464r61dpk@4ax.com>
References: <4rdfqvcdt8mu9qo3eo28683jf8n0f3d805@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.91/32.564
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 87
X-Complaints-To: abuse@easynews.com
Organization: EasyNews, UseNet made Easy!
X-Complaints-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
Date: Tue, 04 Nov 2003 14:29:56 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:5731

On Tue, 04 Nov 2003 14:28:32 GMT, Lewzephyr <lewiszephyr@clotmail.com>
blathered:

>On Wednesday, November 5th, at 3:00 am PST (UTC/GMT -8 hours), all
>EverQuest servers will be brought down for an update. The estimated
>down time is 4 hours. 
>
>- The SOE Game Operations Team 
>
>
>just thought id get the word out.....

Oh, and on another page:

Upcoming for October\November 2003
Our update on October 9th went very well. You can read the details
here. 

Here are some things we're working on for the November update: (Please
note: my producer is making me tell you that in addition to this list,
we'll still be bug fixing and maintaining the live game and that,
while we hope to get each of these features in, nothing is certain.
But this is what we're working on at the present time.) 


New LDoN raids will go Live - We be moving the two new raids that were
introduced on Stormhammer to the Live servers. These raids will prove
an interesting challenge for the best of guilds. 

Another new LDoN raid - We will also be bringing one more new LDoN
raid to Stormhammer with our next update. This raid will be created
with Elemental capable characters in mind. 

Font changes - Since EverQuest was launched, there has only been one
font available. With the next update we plan to introduce the option
for players to choose the font for their interface. 

Targeting - Sometimes it can be difficult to tell which NPC you have
targeted. With the next update we hope to add a targeting indicator of
some sort (something like the ring that surrounds your target in
EQOA). The exact form hasn't been decided, but the goal is to make
seeing what you currently have targeted much easier. 

Consider - Along the same lines as the proposed improvement to
targeting, we want to add a way to distinguish the /con color of your
target. We plan an indicator that will be easily distinguished once
you have a target (probably someplace in the Target window), that
should remove the need to use the /con command. 

Other interface changes - We are also working on some other changes
that will help you to organize your information. We plan to add a new
text color option for damage shield reports that will allow you to
pick what color those messages use. We also want to split the "My Pet
Attacks" filter into two separate filters, one for hits and one for
misses. 

/tell windows - It is very easy to lose /tells in the confusion of
combat. We want to add an option that would work much like an instant
messenger. Each time you get a "tell" from a new character, a new chat
window would open. That window will only display "tells" from the
particular character, and any message sent from the chat window would
automatically be sent as a "tell" to that character. Obviously this
would be an optional feature. 

Help for new players - New characters will start with a bag. This will
give them a little more storage space and the opportunity to learn how
storage containers work earlier rather than later. We are also working
on removing one of the more tedious "features" of the game, the need
to practice Sense Heading. Most folks have that skill mapped to
trigger along with one of their movement keys. Not an exciting skill
to practice. So we plan to have all characters start with a 200 skill
in Sense Heading. This will allow new players to navigate more easily,
and will reduce a bit of tedium over the course of gameplay. 


** UI Files ** 

* Changed * 

EQUI_OptionsWindow.xml 
EQUI_TargetWindow.xml 
EQUI_Animations.xml 

* New * 

TargetBox.tga 



