From -3916989305836387386
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a620e606811d5c33
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-05 20:51:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.news.rcn.net!rcn!newsfeed1.earthlink.net!newsfeed2.earthlink.net!newsfeed.earthlink.net!news.mindspring.net!not-for-mail
From: "MajickMutex" <majickmutex@majickmutex.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Jerk Magnet
Date: Wed, 5 Sep 2001 22:49:15 -0500
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Lines: 58
Message-ID: <9n6rq5$4ae$1@slb7.atl.mindspring.net>
References: <topd512feepr2d@corp.supernews.com> <3b8d46f6@news.newszilla.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: c7.ae.a1.1d
X-Server-Date: 6 Sep 2001 03:50:29 GMT
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6700
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:115396

I encounter many nice people on Everquest, but lately I keep running into
some real dickheads who can only see through their one-eyed penile
perspective. It seems my girlfriend encounters even more jerks, just because
she happens to play female characters. It really does influence how I play;
I've noticed that I spend more time in the outdoors away from other players
than in the confines of dungeons. For those of you who can muster the
strength to read these 2 experiences with EQ assholes, I've abridged the
stories as much as possible.

Only the other week, I was playing my Troll shadowknight, going through the
tunnel from North Ro to East Commons. I was dealing with one of the NPC
merchants when another Troll player came up beside me and hailed me. I never
saw him beside me. I was too busy selling my loot, so the hail scrolled up
too fast for me to notice. As I was exiting the tunnel, I see a tell from a
player I don't know calling me "a jerk". I scrolled back, saw that he hailed
a minute earlier, and said "I beg your pardon?". He rants and raves about
how rude I am. I politely explained why I didn't see his hail, and that he
shouldn't take it too seriously. He ranted even more and actually DEMANDED
an apology from me. I finally told him he was harassing me, and that I was
putting him on ignore. The last comment he made was something about me
"being a crybaby". First of all, how does he know I'm not roleplaying a rude
troll? He doesn't. Secondly, he can't make me want to talk to him, so just
shrug it off and go on, some people don't want to interact with others. But
I just simply had too many messages scrolling across my screen for me to
even know I was hailed, and I ended up being insulted for it. I would have
gladly spoken to him if he hadn't been so initially nasty.

The week prior I was at BlackBurrow with my druid. I'd just begun attacking
a brewer via magic from a distance, when another player ran up and started
attacking. The gnoll ignored me and fought the other player. I decided to
let him have it because I was further away, and then he yells for help, so I
resume my offensive casting and attempted to heal him. Before I can heal
him, he runs off with the gnoll in pursuit. They're too far away for me to
catch up, and I lose them immediately. I spent several minutes combing the
outside level and the bridge area to try and help him, but I saw no signs of
him or the brewer. I returned to the bridge, when the brewer came crawling
back, with the player nowhere to be seen. He was almost dead, and since I
was the one who was entitled to the kill anyway, AND I took the time to try
and find the poor guy to help him out, I went ahead and killed the brewer
and got the XP and loot. Before I can send him a tell to see if he's
allright, he's back in  BlackBurrow, bad-mouthing me in shouts and sending
me tells calling me all kinds of names for "letting me die just so you could
loot the brewer". I politely explained what happened and why I couldn't find
him, but he kept whining and whining, sending me tells over and over that
said "u know i am right". Had the asshole stayed put, he would have lived
cause I could have healed him faster than what the gnoll was dishing out. I
finally got him to shutup when I told him I was entitled to the brewer
because I was already attacking the brewer before he even saw it, and that
this technically made him sort of a kill-stealer. Precictably, he stumbled a
little over this, then responded that he "never saw any messages that you
were fighting the brewer anyway" (Guess he didnt know what those exploding
flames surrounding the brewer were as he approached it,  as he contemplated
attacking it? Gee, maybe brewers naturally have exploding flames all over
them, that must be it!). His anticipated response allowed me to inform him
that I never saw any messages that he died, nor presence of his corpse, case
closed. And he left me alone.




