From 4133902449567403976
X-Google-Thread: fb739,89c02d32e98a51e0,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!bcklog1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 30 Jun 2006 05:51:48 -0500
Date: Fri, 30 Jun 2006 06:51:44 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: A day in the life of a Combine Gnome SK
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <1oqdnT9NcdDZnzjZnZ2dnUVZ_tqdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 195
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.54.208
X-Trace: sv3-2BsjU3Ngt21gS8+SI6/3WZRnnBEG8X7R+vJgbri5GUdXBJ/FqZswKviHtscw1coSl9S6sP9SeBeR8i2!HjynVUFNB4esXHH4IzK/jmRzeB+8nuV3iNfzJVhxsVmDIL9OgiS+8XSX/+hHDJ3y5LP2hNJdSLGq!byxvQCO+va8=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:2810

Logged on to Combine about an hour after it opened.  Finally picked a 
gnome SK, which is what I've been toying around with most recently, 
although I was second guessing myself right up to the moment of truth.

As suggested in the forums, beastlords and berserkers are not available, 
nor are Iksar or Vah Shir.  Something I hadn't seen mentioned one way or 
another, Frogloks are also out.  BUT my pick, gnome SK, was in, despite 
the fact that this combo wasn't legal at initial release.

Took a long time to log in.  And every time I zoned, that took a long 
time too, even an -in zone- zoning when dying in the same place where 
I'm bound.  Lag due to crowding, I guess.

Because crowded it was.  120 people in Akanon.  180 in Steamfont.  When 
I got over there, 476 in GFay.  These numbers dropped significantly over 
time, and by today, were at no more than 2/3rds those stats. Still a LOT 
of people.

I handed in my note, got my tin shirt, and ran off in search of some 
adventure.  No newbie armor quests, as expected.  Out to Steamfont, 
where the field was littered with bodies, dead gnomes and dead mobs. 
I'm not ashamed to check dead bodies for loot... no trade newbie quest 
armor was all that was left, the gnomes were gleaning everything that 
could be sold even for a copper.  I wandered around for a while, 
literally never saw a mob that wasn't engaged, few that weren't actually 
dead.

After a while of this, I went back inside and went after the decaying 
rat type mobs, they were also behing hunted, but not as efficiently, I 
dinged to two on these, and things got even more frustrating, as the 
distance each would move my bar got much smaller, and yet the pace had 
picked up and I was seeing ever fewer of the things not already engaged. 
  I tried handing in their drops to the exterminator, but got bad 
faction with the SK guild, not a good plan I guess.  It also didn't pay 
well at all, nor give much in the way of exp even at level 2.  Waste of 
time quest unless maybe you're really more concerned with building 
faction with one of the factions that likes this behaviour.

Well, I went back down to the SK guildmaster to train a bit at this 
point, and found out the best way to level; the mines of malfunction, 
which are part of Akanon's single zone, are hard to reach, and many of 
the "good" gnomes don't even seem to know of its existance.  It still 
had dozens of people in there fighting, but it was quite possible to run 
around and keep finding mobs to kill, blue white or even yellow to me. 
Skellies dropped bone chips, rusty weapons, and small cloth, too, 
eventually I managed a full outfit and a rusty shortsword, and a pocket 
full of chips.

And to level, to three and then to four.  At one point I ran out to the 
windmills and purchased some sharpening stones, sharpening a rusty 
shortsword I'd found to Tarnished, significantly better than the *short 
sword I'd been issued.

At four I went out and traveled over to GFay, did the mail run a couple 
times, got in a group that tried but failed to handle orcs or zone into 
crushbone to do orcs there.  Finding targets that we could kill was too 
frustrating, eventually we broke up before any of us had leveled. 
Wandering the zone solo, though, I was able to find a fair few, 
eventually leveling up to 5.  I couldnt' bank or sell in Kelethin, I 
could bank but not sell in Felwithe... so I tossed my ill gotten loot 
plus four CB Belts into the shared slots, then logged and made a 
throwaway character who sold the loot and turned in the belts, getting 
me a few pieces of Tattered armor to replace some of the cloth; he 
dinged to three on that alone.

Then I went back to Steamfont, where the crowding had dropped 
precipitously down to 108... well ok, that wasn't such a big drop, but 
after 476 it suddenly didnt seem so bad.  I got in a group at the 
windmill and got to play a real tank for the first time, pulling mobs 
willy nilly, keeping the tempo up as high as I could, which admittedly 
was limited more by the fact that others were sharing the area than by 
party mana/hp flow.  Keeping aggro was a difficulty, given that I only 
had one spell, Disease Cloud, that could be cast on them, and despite 
having maxed my taunt.  The level one SK spell, Spike of Disease, is 
available only in the tutorial, sorely missed.  I ding up to 8 in this 
group, and get a minotaur battle axe (8/37) to boot... but practically 
no other loot.  FFA and I just tend not to loot, plus I'm busy pulling 
the next as soon as one mob drops.  But wanting armor and weapons and 
spells and a little tradeskilling, thats not a good plan.

Something else during that run, I got my level 7, which meant pet.  He's 
significantly less effective in this situation,  lacking summoned gear 
and external buffs, he's little better than a free DOT and occaisional 
distraction... and he chews thru bone chips, dying and needing 
replacement.  If I wasn't puller as well as MT he'd be a bit less 
trouble.  Anyway, I crawl off to bed along about here.

Next morning, I solo a bit, most of it on low blues and greens, just to 
get some capital together for my next big push; fletching.  A fletching 
kit runs more than a plat, a princely sum at my level.  Then I buy 
several stacks of the most basic arrow components, and set about making 
myself several hundred arrows (they stack in hundreds these days, rather 
than 20s like I remember) till the combine becomes trivial at 16, and a 
far more expensive (runs almost a gold) staff and twine, which I succeed 
with first try, making a Rough Hickory Recurve bow with a hemp thread, 
10/50 range 50.  Now I can pull without spending mana on it, although 
casting pulls are better when keeping aggro is a priority.

Next group is over near the mino caves, where I get up to 9th level 
again serving as mad puller, with several deaths due to people not being 
very good at playing their classes... and the classic Mino Hero 
stompdown.  Not that death makes us blink at all, at this level, the 
only trouble is having to run back from bind, delaying the action (or in 
our case, slowing it down, since we didn't stop pulling, noone was 
crucial to the action)

Later, that evening, I noticed someone in the AGE channel (I only 
remember to log onto it about half the time when I log in, really need 
to get the syntax figured out for autojoin) who turns out to be Goom; 
Vaxus, playing a necro out in the Freeport area.  Well, I spend a while 
getting spells and helping locate a corpse lost in GFay and so on, but 
gradually make my way over to BB and then translocator to Freeport, 
where I get distracted by the fact that I don't know the town at all, 
now (its new Freeport), and again help someone locate a body... he 
wasn't even in the right zone by the way, apparantly some of the people 
playing are really newbies, or close to it!

Anyway, get a bind (without spending an hour asking for one, by the way, 
soulbinders really really rock in a world where only a few dozen people 
are over 12th level, and none likely to spend time sitting and casting 
for others) find my way out to EC, and give Vaxus a tell.  He invites me 
to come over to his group doing orc 2, and I come do that for a while. 
Again I'm nominal MT, and again have difficulty holding aggro even 
though I now have several spells (disease cloud, siphon strength, 
lifetap) at my command (missing TWO now, not only Spike of Disease, but 
also Despair, which is available only in tutorials or in Echo Caverns; 
Luclin is about 9 months away), luckily again this isn't really 
important.  We work this spot for a while, pulling the camp and anything 
else that wanders by... that isn't being killed by someone else. 
Luckily things aren't as camped out as they have been before, and this 
about doubles our pull, which is still a bit on the slow side.

A wandering ogre shaman hits us all with SOW (for tips which apparantly 
range from 3 to 5 gp, by the way a FORTUNE at this level, particularly 
since again I haven't been looting.) and we convince the group to run 
off and try our luck in NRo.

NRo is more fun than the orc camp, for one thing its the new version, 
which means although its familiar, its still a learning experience.  For 
another, the mobs are higher level and present a real challenge.  And 
then, for added fun, there are the Sand Giants.  Dominating the 
landscape, these aren't the SG's of my Oasis days, a few loose cannons 
roaming occaisionally and garnering /ooc crys of warning and despair. 
No, they are omnipresent and easily visible.  Luckily they have a 
relatively short aggro range, so its possible to pull around and among 
them... but we don't know their wander paths, and haven't really 
developed the old "these things will kill anything that gets near them" 
reflexes, so we get wiped a few times, and I personally die quite a lot 
from them... the lag from 160 people in the zone doesn't help either.

Working with Vaxus is fun, because we can compare notes; the spells I'm 
getting as an SK are generally pale imitations of the ones he gets as a 
necro, I'm looking forward to ones he's had for several levels already. 
  For the most part, my spells are tools that support my melee role, 
sort of like having a swiss army knife.. while his versions of the same 
thing are massively superior as befits someone who's reliant almost 
entirely on those spells to get his job done, he's got the Dewalt power 
tool set compared to mine.

I ding 11, which means snare at last (still no fear till next level), 
spend a lot of time running back to camp from my bind in Freeport, get a 
couple Derv Cutthroat Rings (Uber!) Next level, Fear.  Snare helps out 
in the group, allowing me to bring double pulls in seperately so one can 
be peeled, or to help casters run kite circles instead of hoping the 
hapless tanks can pull the mobs off of them (taunt SO doesn't work yet), 
but my snaring role is somewhat limited due to the presence of a couple 
necromancers in the group, who've had it for several levels already. 
 From my earlier time in EQ, I know it won't likely be an important part 
of my grouping repetoir due to the fact that so many other classes get 
their own snare, most better than the SK one.  Still, its a good tool to 
have, now I feel like I'm nearing being an actual SK... I still need 
Fear and FD, and it would help if I had more aggro producing tools as well.

One other note, running across BB I noticed that the LDoN camp is there, 
but none of the mobs are, except for the soulbinder.  Very nice having a 
soulbinder right there in the thick of the action, instead of tucked 
away in a city, and also not near any guards who might aggro due to 
race/class/religion, or even hunting practices.  Sadly, the LDoN camp in 
NRo is completely deserted; not only no regular residents, but no 
soulbinder either.  Closest points would be EFP or EC Tunnel.  Out of 
laziness, I keep my EFP bind, although EC would be a little closer.  It 
turns out bind point isn't as important to me as a melee as it would be 
for my usual healer or caster types, since lacking Gate, the only time 
I'm at bind is when I'm naked; I can't buy anything or do much of 
anything useful... at my level, it takes me forever even to kill a 
decaying skeleton in the newbie part of NRo (we're low on bone chips and 
I figure its worth the delay).  Bind near a bank would change that, I 
could leave cash there and use it to buy supplies as needed... but I 
can't think of many soulbinders convenient to banks.

Logged out for the night, still 11 in a world which already has some 
19's in it (probably some higher, but anon)

Lance
Berg, 11 Gnome SK, Combine


