From 1352851568338424340
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a1fce0d0db579c7f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-31 17:03:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.ash.giganews.com!border2.nntp.ash.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!elnk-atl-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!bigfeed2.bellsouth.net!bigfeed.bellsouth.net!news.bellsouth.net!cox.net!news-xfer.cox.net!p01!lakeread02.POSTED!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Ratter Tests the Waters
From: Hyenagirl <whoot@whoo.hoot.com>
Organization: Firiona Vie
Message-ID: <Xns94BDCBFE52523hyenagirl@68.1.17.6>
User-Agent: Xnews/5.04.25
Lines: 90
Date: Thu, 01 Apr 2004 01:03:24 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.228.138.64
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: lakeread02 1080781404 68.228.138.64 (Wed, 31 Mar 2004 20:03:24 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 31 Mar 2004 20:03:24 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26600

So, after only a couple of months of saying, "Yep yep, I'm done with this 
game," SOE reactivated my account for 33 days.  Sigh.  I'm such an addict.  
Took a week or so before I was, once again, shelling out money for yet 
another expansion.  None of my characters are or have ever been high enough 
for the new zones, but the berserker class intrigued me.  High damage melee 
type swinging a big sword or axe and going frothy?  Summoned throwing axes 
with snare and stun effects?  Sure!

Okay, $30 in order to play a new class is goofy of me, but after trading in 
some games I /don't/ play anymore to EB Games, I got it for a whopping $7 and 
took it home, enduring the amiable, amused smugness of my husband.

(Oh, and the in-game staff?  Bleah.  Useless to my zerker, who uses up her 
primary, secondary, range, and ammo slots.  I'll save it for when I 
inevitably reroll.  I still regret losing my LDON bag.  :( )

Vah Shir 'zerkers don't get the progressive weapon/cloak quest, but they DO 
get their own newbie armor quests, and all the stuff's droppable.  I 
researched ahead of time what she'd need and was able to get much of it off 
the vendors (thanks, too, in part to the plat I transferred from my old 
character via the shared bank slot).  Hardest items to get?  Low quality 
rockhopper hides; for some reason, the needle-clawed hoppers in Shadeweaver's 
Thicket only wanted to drop medium quality hides, if they dropped hides at 
all, and I didn't have access to a skinning knife.  Happily, I didn't even 
have to hunt in Hollowshade Moor for the Savageclaw Axe; the cracked shells 
needed were on a vendor and buyable.  Thus, there I was, level 4 and with all 
my Savageclaw Armor and my Savageclaw Axe.  The materials-making quest box is 
a useful container, too, and of course I did some garbage collecting in 
Shadeweaver's to get the scavenger's satchel.  Between those two and my 
newbie backpack and the 100 plat or so I still had in the bank, I was feeling 
a pretty spry and sassy kitty!

A quick trip to the Bazaar gained me a couple pieces of ornate gold chain to 
fill out my arms and shoulders (not covered by Savageclaw armor) and a 
cougarskin mask.  Then it was off to my favorite newbie zone -- Qeynos Hills 
and Blackburrow.

Ah, Blackburrow, how I love thee.  When I first wandered into your twisty 
tunnels, I was scared, confused, and often lost.  Fleeing gnolls created the 
most terrible trains.  Woe and horror, horror and woe.  These days, I know 
the place pretty damned well, and after a couple of levels was hunting there 
quite happily, with a good XP flow.  Nearly every bit off a gnoll that stacks 
sells for 2 gold plus to vendors (if your charisma and faction's good, 
anyway, and I had a pair of steins for the former).  The gnoll fangs I always 
save for one of the warrior NPCs in Qeynos (more XP and good faction) and the  
patches of gnoll fur... eh, they're cheap, but cash is cash.  Meanwhile, of 
course, I'd moved from my original corroded throwing axe to a blunt axe.

I love the summoned throwing axes so far.  A stack of axes off one axe 
component, and pulling via ranged attack is always better than running up and 
thwacking things.

At level 6 I got "frenzy", and this was something of a disappointment.  It's 
not really a self-induced frothing rage like how I picture a berserker going 
into, but an extra attack, like a monk's kicks.  So far, it does up to 20 
points of damage and sometimes doubles.  It's nice when it works but not 
quite what I was envisioning.

MUCH cooller is the snare I got at level 8, especially on those damned 
fleeing canine bastards.  The glee that I felt when a gnoll turned to run and 
I hit my legchoppy hotkey and it just stood there while I tore into it from 
behind... it was similar to the feeling I had the first time I took a monk up 
to level 17 and used Feign Death successfully.

It was around this time that I upgraded my Savageclaw Axe to a Velium 2-
hander (which, like all Velium weapons, is dirt cheap at the Bazaar).  Of 
course, my under-10 damage cap didn't let me use it to its full damage 
capabilities, but it was still better than my newbie quest axe.  The giant's 
broom (and, yes, it looks just like a broom) I have now is even better and is 
letting me work on my 2-handed blunt.

I've also abandoned Blackburrow (though could continue to hunt there if I 
wanted to) in favor of Kurn's Tower, another favorite haunt of my evernewbie 
self.

So far, I like my 'zerker, but I'm not sure what to think overall.  There are 
grumblings from high-end players in my class about how SOE hasn't really 
finished us, how we don't have much of a role apart from pure DPS, and that 
even that DPS isn't much ahead of warriors.  I can see how this is, though; 
two-handed weapons may hit hard, but they hit slow.  And for some reason, 
while my Offense is climbing along nicely, my Defense has only just gotten 
into double digits.  Hmmm.

The fancy throwing axes and special 'attacks' are nice, but I feel less like 
a frothing ball of feline fury and more like a warrior who specializes in 
two-handers.

Time will tell, I guess.

[10 Berserker] Ratter (Vah Shir) -- Firiona Vie


