From -6725576952368119020
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ad3b10242af0faf1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.comcast.com!news.comcast.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 11 Jan 2005 05:57:38 -0600
Date: Tue, 11 Jan 2005 06:57:40 -0500
From: Michael <NOSPAM_Lin_mukai@comcast.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla Thunderbird 1.0 (Windows/20041206)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Coming back to EQ - which server?
References: <Xns95CEB2775B426Rumbledorhotmailcom@204.127.204.17>
In-Reply-To: <Xns95CEB2775B426Rumbledorhotmailcom@204.127.204.17>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <8M2dnUM_rfOvIn7cRVn-ow@comcast.com>
Lines: 120
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.96.95.162
X-Trace: sv3-vpbcU7Z6auri+o4QWzCIXSBM0NngiZG1aVGyNyTvQ+d8kbA6EulPyWXIfwbPhLqMI7ThuWzi3aPDc7E!4XN6Nl+lgtJZ8jaXRQDdQBj2bb5bT/BDmdZxyF41kkA+yKsafOYuP6C2PDjV
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:29191

Rumbledor wrote:
> Well, between WoW and EQ2 and EQ1 subscription costs, I was gonna get 
> the rolling pin from the wife, so I had to choose. I decided to go with 
> the All Access plan with SoE so I could play both EQ2 and EQ1 for 
> $22/mo.
> 
> Trouble is, I'm wanting to get back to EQ1, but my main wasn't doing it 
> for me anymore, and that character is on Firiona Vie. Therefore, no alts 
> possible there.
> 
> No problem, I thought. I'll just fall back on my secondary server where 
> all my original "mains" are. Well, I've popped into Saryrn a few times 
> now and the place is a ghost town. I don't see much happening for me 
> there, sadly.
> 
> That leaves the option of rolling something up on one of the newer 
> servers, maybe, in hopes of more variety in the level of the majority of 
> the players. The servers I'm considering are:
> 
> Stromm
> Morden Rasp
> Maelin Starpyre
> Tholuxe Paells
> 
> Those are just some of the newer servers I could think of. I don't know 
> much about them beyond that. Could anyone here recommend one over the 
> others or maybe even some other server for a seasoned player to start 
> over on?
> 
> Also, what can anyone tell me about those I've listed?
> 
> Tia.
> 

Stromm is alive and well with lots of toons running around at all levels 
of play. It has suffered some attrition to other games and has seen a 
fair number of guilds fold as a result but there are still quite a lot 
of guilds on the server for players of all levels and styles of play I 
think. There are several high end guilds too raiding the end game 
content on Stromm so if that's important to you down the road the option 
to do Planar Progression, GoD and OOW areas (or Luclin high end for that 
matter) will be there for you. I have not been around all the newbie 
grounds in the year I have been playing there but I know at least GFay 
always seems to have a lot of toons running around where my 65 cleric 
was born. I am on the East coast too and other than the wee hours of the 
morning weeknights, there are usually quite a lot of people around. Even 
then, I find I can always manage to put together a group even at 3 AM if 
I take the initiative to lead and recruit one.

Having said all that, I am glad you made this post because even though I 
think Stromm is a good place to be I am not happy there for personal 
reasons. I was in a guild there called Lore Seekers of Norrath for the 
first six months I played. They had a level cap and a variety of other 
rules I outgrew and so I decided to move on to another guild where i 
could go and see some places I wanted to, such as the Planes. I was at 
level 52 when I left them. The other thing that got tiresome with this 
guild was the almost constant drama, which is a long story I won't bore 
you with here. Suffice it to say, there was always some interpersonal 
conflict going on between the guild leader and some member, or between 
members, or whatever. This got really old for me and played a part in my 
leaving as well. This group of people was primarily "adults" 30's and up 
but you'd never know it by the behavior of some of them, the guild 
leader in particular.

I will tell you now, if you go to Stromm do not join this particular 
guild. There's plenty of good ones you could be in without the drama and 
baloney I saw there for my first six months. When I left I wrote a nice 
parting post on the guild's boards which encouraged continued friendship 
and wished them well, but having seen their past behavior I knew what I 
was in for. I was immediately banned from the site, the guild leader 
sent me a profane email, and they then proceeded to flame me to death on 
their boards in a thread I could no longer see nor reply to.

This was EQ at its worst for me although it has nothing to do with EQ of 
course, just these particular individuals who need badly to grow up. You 
know one of them even harassed me openly in the bazaar on my trader 
calling me a faggot, etc. and this is a grown adult man. Wow.... Honest 
to God, I was never anything but nice to these people.

So, I joined another family style guild with many characters in the 60's 
and leveled away until I got to 65 so I could group with most of my new 
peers. As fate would have it, one of this guild's members was friends 
with the Lore Seekers guild leader. One thing has led to another and now 
both guilds have begun raiding together along with others in a group of 
family guilds on the server called NCG (Norrathian Council of Guilds). 
The final straw for me was when my former guild leader who had treated 
me so badly began posting on the boards of my new guild. It felt like my 
new place had been infected by a cancer.

So at this point I think I would either like to transfer off Stromm 
altogether and start anew in a world where these guys are not present or 
maybe even leave EQ altogether and just go try WoW, EQ2 or whatever.

I have not logged in to play for over two weeks now. In the months 
preceding this I doubt I ever went two whole days without playing except 
for the weekends I work.

In my line of work (nursing) I deal with death, dying and suffering 
often. When I come to Norrath I just want to have some fun and get away 
from it all, like I imagine many of you do too. I think I know better 
than many that life is too short to waste a moment putting up with 
people who are unkind to you for no good reason.

So, I think Stromm could be great for you but really would recommend you 
stay away from that particular guild. As for me, I will be very 
interested in replies to this thread as I think a move is in the cards 
for me soon if I can find another server that is at least somewhat close 
to Stromm in terms of activity levels and diversity of character levels.

I am even thinking of Legends actually. But I'll do a separate post on 
that subject in a few minutes. I wrote to SOE about Legends and will 
share what I had to say to them about in another post.


-- 
Get Thunderbird - Reclaim Your Inbox
http://www.mozilla.org/products/thunderbird/

Get Firefox! - The Browser You Can Trust
http://www.mozilla.org/products/firefox/


