From -362135581727582054
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,43b2e93ba6bcba84
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-03 16:56:19 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Ben Haddick" <bhaddick@SPAMISBADhotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Advice required for a Lv 11 Druid
Date: Sun, 3 Feb 2002 18:56:07 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <u5rn1ip58su6cc@corp.supernews.com>
References: <u5o29hq7fbss32@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 87
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:163560


"spirit" <captainrock@madasafish.com> wrote in message
news:u5o29hq7fbss32@corp.supernews.com...
> Hope someone can help - I've had EQ for 3 weeks now and can't get enough
of
> it.
>
> However, I was wondering if anyone had some helpful weapon/item/clothing
> tips.
> I'm based in G Faydark an have been grouping in CB to great effect.
> I'm equipped with a Shiney Brass Shield (/randomed 1-100 and got 82, yay
!)
> leather clothing (none magic) and a morning star.
> Is this the sort of equip setup that suits me best ? I am lead to believe
> there are
> a few mag items (boots and gloves) in Felwithe but haven't gone there yet.
> What sort of prices am I looking at - I think I have about 60pp - hard to
> get my
> hands on them there cb belts and pads when your're igniting from the back
!
> (Another thing - where should I be positioned - I understand I don't melee
> well, so midfield or at the back with a wiz ?)
>
> Any advice would be appreciated from a struggling Wood Elf up to her neck
> in Orc blood.
>

If you can get a bracer of battle, give it to the elf priest in CB in the
slave hut for a prayer cloth of tunare, 3 ac 3 wis on it, wisdom is mana for
you.

For these levels though, you might keep an eye out for some Tizmak armor,
better AC than plain old leather/patchwork. "Magic" armor isn't really
necessary except boots for warriors to kick magically, or gloves to lower
level monks to punch magically.  Shiny Brass Shield will hold you for a
while, however I recommend trying for a velium scimitar or mace/hammer, they
do magic damage, which is useful for hunting such things as ghouls and
wisps.

Don't let the naysayers get you down, you can melee perfectly well until
about level 20, when your ac/hp is too low in general to take hits, and your
melee skills are hampered without dual wield or double attack.  In fact, you
SHOULD melee a bit (especially when soloing) to get your Defense skill up.
Defense skill is like free AC, my druid at 41 has 169 defense, and a lot of
ac items (current AC with self buffs on is just over 700), the difference
between me and your average druid is astounding, most druids will just
crumple up and die once they get agro, but I can actually stand there and
take a few rounds from things while the tanks taunt them off or the
enchanter/bard gets them on ice, as well as max channelling to get a heal
off while getting beat on.

Basically put Bramblecoat (self only ac/ thorns) and skin like whatever
(AC/HP) up, plus anything else you want, like firefist, or strength, or if
you don't mind being rooted, treeform for the regen (I never used it though)
then find a target, put shield of brambles (targetable short duration
thorns) on and pull with snare.  You should be able to channel a few nukes
through too, to help with your lackluster melee damage.  If you don't like
doing this, just remember that you can't do this procedure much later in
life, and you'll die a lot if you can't take a hit, at the least, do it when
you level and max out defense, then go back to nuke kiting or root/rotting,
whichever you prefer.

And since you're a newbie like we all were at some point, I'll explain what
this means.   At level 14 you get a damage over time spell, Stinging Swarm,
that has very good damage/mana ratio, however, it only does full damage if
the target is either not moving (from root or being melee'd) or feared (from
a fear spell, such as panic animal that druids get at level 1 I think),
however, since not everything is animal, root is the general course of
action (and snare for when root breaks to give more time to reapply root).
(stinging swarm/creeping crud/drones of doom/drifting death dots stacks with
flame lick/immolate dots, as well as the epic snare/dot, and breath of ro,
and winged death (BoR and WD are level 50+ spells though), flame lick
doesn't stack with immolate, and stinging swarm doesn't stack with creeping
crud, or any of the others in that line) Anyways, this is root/rotting.
Necromancers are masters at this form of soloing (and their dots stack with
ours)

Nuke kiting is where you snare something, run away, stop, cast a damage
spell, run some more, stop, cast damage spell, ad infinitum or until out of
mana or the monster is dead.   This is taken to the extreme once you hit 34
and get a 4 target single blast area spell of reasonable mana efficiency,
where rather than one thing, you do this to up to FOUR things at once (the
spell will only hit 4 things maximum at once), this extreme is quad kiting,
which wizards can also do, though their method is slightly different than
that used by us druids.




