From 3805248747294513354
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,53fa0ea5f37ebfa3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-18 23:46:46 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!newsfeed.earthlink.net!stamper.news.pas.earthlink.net!newsread4.news.pas.earthlink.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Subject: Re: ZEM on the fly
References: <3F920B7A.15EC30F8@dejazzd.com>
Organization: Institute of Lawsonomy, Department of Suction and Pressure
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.7.4 (OS/2 Warp 5 for ENIAC)
Lines: 106
Message-ID: <qrqkb.2205$S52.2065@newsread4.news.pas.earthlink.net>
Date: Sun, 19 Oct 2003 06:46:46 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.40.220.119
X-Complaints-To: abuse@earthlink.net
X-Trace: newsread4.news.pas.earthlink.net 1066546006 65.40.220.119 (Sat, 18 Oct 2003 23:46:46 PDT) tzs29970@earthlink.net
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 18 Oct 2003 23:46:46 PDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:3342

In article <3F920B7A.15EC30F8@dejazzd.com>, Lance Berg wrote:
> Crazy idea occurs to me; why not have the ZEM tied to the number of people
> in the zone?  The more people there are, the less exp everyone gets per
> kill.  Highest ZEM in the game at the moment is what, paladul at 160?
> Lowest is LOIO at 65 IIRC.  SO, if there are 6 people in the zone or less
> (don't want to discourage grouping) the zone is at 160, then take it in
> steps of 1% per

Actually, how about encouraging groups, by making it so groups count as a
single person?  That way, if a 5 person group has a zone all to themselves,
and a sixth comes and starts soloing, it is in the group's interest to
invite that person.

Anyway, it sounds like a reasonable idea to get people to spread out to
different zones.  Another way would be to monkey with individual bonuses and
penalties, rather than a zone-wide thing.  For example, suppose you get an
XP bonus in the first half hour you are in a zone, then the normal XP for
the next hour, then a penalty for the next half hour, and a bigger penalty
for the next half hour, and an even bigger penalty for anything after that?

I'm on a break from EQ, since I figured rather than farming cash for months
to get the equipment I need, it would be easier to just stop playing for a
while and wait for the prices to fall to what I can afford (:-)), and I've
been passing the time playing DAoC again.  I notice that I move around a lot
more in DAoC than in EQ.  I believe this is for three reasons, all of which
could be adapted in EQ with similar effect:

1. Mobs that have been up a while give more experience than newly spawned
mobs.  So, instead of blasting some static spawns over and over, I get more
XP moving on to another camp as soon as I clear one.  This could would in
EQ, without much impact on the game.

2. Death penalty differences.  The EQ death penalty is either trivial (if
you get a res), or a setback of a few hours (if you don't get a res), and if
you lose a level it is especially annoying.  In DAoC, there are no XP reses,
and there is also a money cost, so death is annoying, but there are two
mitigating factors: (1) the first death in a level is at 1/3 the XP loss,
and the second is at 2/3 the XP loss, and (2) you can't lose more than the
amount you have in the current level.  What this means is that (1) after you
level, it is pretty safe to go exploring for better hunting grounds for the
new level, and to experiment to see if you can take tougher mobs, and (2) a
death or two once you are into the level is annoying (the money cost is a
pain in the ass for classes that have high equipment costs and so are
perpetually broke, and there is travel time back from your bind point), but
it is not the "oh shit, it ruined my whole night" thing it can be in EQ.

Something like this could be done in EQ, at least as far as making the first
death or two in a level less painful, and perhaps making it so you can't
lose a level.  One idea I've heard (I think it was from the planned UO2) was
XP debt: when you die, instead of losing XP, you gain XP debt.  When you
have an XP debt, any XP you earn goes to reducing the debt rather than
advancing your XP  XP debt also decays over time by itself (both online time
and offline time).  So, if you have some bad luck and die a couple times,
instead of getting frustrated, just step back, and go work on tradeskills or
do quests for a while, and let the debt decay by itself...or log off and go
to bed, and it will be gone the next day.  This is a great system.  For the
casual player, death is almost painless, but for the hardcore gamer, death
is as bad is it is now.

3. Escaping.  In DAoC, every character has the "sprint" ability.  When you
activate this, you run faster, at a high endurance cost.  When you run out
of endurance, you slow down to normal.  As long as you aren't running into
mobs that can hit so hard that they take you below 10% health (below 10% you
can't run) before you can hit "sprint" and run away, you can *usually* get
away from anything that jumps you in the wild.  So, in DAoC, I have no
reluctance at all to go exploring.  In EQ, it often feels like exploring is
something that is not a good idea.

If EQ could get people to explore more, they would spread out more.  There
are an incredible number of mobs in most zones.  I've seen most of the old
world, Kunark, and Velious on ShowEQ, and the mobs are all through the zone,
and the players at a few camps.  For example, take Frontier Mountains.  You
see people at the LoIO zone, and the giant fort, and maybe doing the rares
cycle.  Yet, mobs of those levels are basically spread uniformly throughout
the whole zone.  That zone could easily support 10 times as many people as
are usually in it, but people want to stay on the beaten path, so as to not
get smashed by a stray giant.

Casting spells and using weapon styles lowers endurance, so you can't use
"sprint" to escape near the end of a fight when you realize that you aren't
going to win, so it is mostly useful just for exploring.  (Although casting
doesn't use it as much as weapon styles, so sometimes the healers can get
away when they realize there is no saving the tank, which is good, because
then they can res (there is res in the game...doesn't help with XP, but does
save the money cost of death, and the travel time)).

I can't think of anything bad that would happen if "sprint" were added to
EQ, assuming that it can't be used to bail at the end of combat, and it
would help exploring for the same reason it does in DAoC. 

Hmmm...now that I think about it, there is another thing that gets me moving
in DAoC below level 20: kill tasks.  If you talk to a named guard and ask
them for a task, they sometimes tell you to go kill a specific mob, and tell
you what direction to go to find it.  You have two hours to go there, kill
it, and come back to the guard.  That gets you some cash and some XP,
typically about 6-10 times what killing a good XP mob of your level gives.
The nice thing about kill tasks is they show you where things are you can
fight.  Go to a new area, do 4 or 5 kill tasks, and you'll often have found
3 or 4 new areas to hunt for your level.

This would work in EQ, and the kill tasks could specifically send you to
kill mobs in areas away from the usual camps.

-- 
Evidence Eliminator is worthless.  See evidence-eliminator-sucks.com
--Tim Smith


