From 2160425498474140019
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,30915ef9e6a66752
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-25 09:33:45 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeeds.belnet.be!news.belnet.be!news.tele.dk!small.news.tele.dk!195.86.7.162!newsfeed.wirehub.nl!news-hub.cableinet.net!blueyonder!internal-news-hub.cableinet.net!news-binary.blueyonder.co.uk.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "-martin" <villa@nospam.cheerful.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <a5dg390i8d@enews1.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: Overking in Chardok - How to kill him
Lines: 138
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2615.200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
Message-ID: <Wzue8.30023$766.774321@news-binary.blueyonder.co.uk>
X-Trace: REzlJ+P0ks6P6FrSChLgk8eg9Ce8hGZY2E0Uln5lDQ2r7c7tresQlu2fWQtcVy4Qdy/NA9iRCViT!KKHGCg9kzpt531rolGunlJ3Xo3w=
X-Abuse-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Complaints-To: abuse@blueyonder.co.uk
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 25 Feb 2002 17:33:42 GMT
Organization: blueyonder (post doesn't reflect views of blueyonder)
Date: Mon, 25 Feb 2002 17:33:42 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:169428

> High-level chanter (58+, preferably 60). Someone who can reliably mezz the
> high-level mobs we'll be facing.

I would say 4 enchanters if you have this many at your disposale.  Royals
has a lot of mobs that are tightly packed together, not only does this mean
lots of crowd control is needed, it also screams AE.   Several enchanters
gives many more AE opportunities (at a reduced risk of wipe) which really is
the fastest way to clear Royals.

> Rogue with max lockpick. There's a locked door down there. Also,
sneak/hide
> will be useful for retrieving the bodies of them that die whilst pulling
> (see below).

Lots of the sarnaks inside the temple thing see through sneak,  for lock
picking all you need is a 51+ rogue with a 201 lockpick skill.

> Monk with max Feign Death. This will be essential in order to break the
> Overking's room. Even with max FD, the monk should expect to die a time or
> two until we get it right.

You mean a 200 skill, or 18 points to max Rapid FD (monk AA skill)?   Not
really an issue for a mid 50's+ monk...
Also, your puller should expect to die when you've done the zone a hundred
times.. Chardok is a zone with very little room for error, as a monk your
used to dieing on raids though, so that shouldn't be an issue.

> Paladin. We need a Paladin to engage the Overking and cast Divine Aura and
> then pull the Overking out of the pit. More on this below.

Not at all.

> Mage with CotH. Because we'll have people coming and going, probably.

CoH is always nice to add late comers

> Necro. For DMF and to help recover corpses after the wipeout. =)

Yep,  best to be safe :)

What I would suggest - from the zonein, there is a ramp to the zoneout,
above this ramp is a tunnel (with levitate, you can 'float' into this tunnel
by running down the zone-out ramp, and by looking up)

Once everybody is into this tunnel, start to move down, the first mobs are
easy.  Then you come to a point where you can go straight on, or turn right
(with a doorway if you chose the right)  Pull this room, then go right.
Take the bridge to your right, under the waterfall, and move to the castle
entrance. (stay on the main platform not by the castle door).

When the pits either side of the path to the doorway are pulled, get your
puller to go through the doorway, then immediatly take a left.  He will see
a doorway on his left, with 2 mobs inside, pull these.  After that, he turns
right and pulls that side too (2 mobs).

The next stage is ideally done via AE (point blank nukes which can hit
unlimited targets, and chanters casting chain stun)
When everybody is buffed and ready, have your tanks run through the doorway
into the castle, and straight ahead into the main room (closely followed by
your casters).  Get the mobs in a bunch in the centre, and AE them all
(wizards, mages, druids and clerics all have point blank damage ae's)

You now have 2 choices to go, left or right.  If your skipping the prince
completly then go left  (he is for the enchanter epic), if you intend on
killing the prince, you can go either way.  if you chose to go right (which
is the way I always go) have your puller pull all the corner mobs into the
main room, and kill them (about 5 mobs).

Now for the prince pull, there are several tactics that will work well here.
Your puller can pull the room without agroing the prince, in which case they
should all be AE'd.  If the prince comes, you have the choice of mezzing all
his guards, while everybody kills the prince, or (depending on your raid
crew) ae the whole room (pull it, don't rush the room).

Now go ahead, and follow the wall left, on the right hand side is a doorway.
In here are golems on either side, ae/mez its your choice.. AE gets the job
done fast though.  Your puller can now pull the library to that golem room,
ensuring small pulls (singles are possible)

Then everybody move into the library, stay in the left corner.  The puller
should then pull the downstairs mobs into your corner, when they are dead
move down.   Cast levitate if you think its really necessary (just hugging
the left wall avoids the trap), have your puller pull the next room (through
the locked door) back out into the library.  This is better IMO then rushing
the mobs, because rushing mobs = people pushed and falling into the pit
trap, people struggling to get past the rogue to get through the door etc..
so pull the left side, then all move in through the door, onto the left
platform (safely away from the pit trap)

Pull the right-side mobs, then rez/med etc, while your puller goes through
the false wall, and pulls the 1 wandering mob.  Now when you all move in,
there are no more wandering mobs to deal with.  Make sure everybody is
around the corner and *away* from the false wall.

Your monk should then pull the kings guards (2 or 3 at a time, it doesnt
matter) just don't pull the king yet. Its not difficult for a single monk to
break the king room and pull all the mobs except king.

Then just pull king into the hallway (your raid crew should be half way
between the static point of the wandering mob, and the false wall (that way
theres NO adds) and kick his ass.  He has a fire ae and dispell, but really
he's a gimp.

> That is the strategy I'd like to use. There is an alternative strategy of
> getting a CotH mage, a rogue, and a cleric to max their faction with
Chardok
> by killing Gobs in Nurga and farming them for salts and skins. Then the
> rogue and mage merrily wander the palace until the get to the hallway

That would be a horribly long painstaking mission

Last time I lead a royals raid, we killed the first king pop with mass
overkill (6 or so groups) by the time he next popped, we had less then 3
groups (and only 1 wizard.. which was me running 2 chars with my other
computer) it was the first royals raid I've been on that didn't end in
corpse summons!

The key when pulling his guards is SNARE!  If a guard isnt snared, it will
run into the library and summon your raid into a fully popped library, and
with the locked door they cant run back.  If a mob runs, immediatly camp in
the spot I mentioned above.  Only 1 mob pops there, and its the only "safe"
spot once you pass the library.

Royals is very unforgiving, 9 times out of 10 a raid ends in corpse
summons.. 1 unsnared mob and you have big big problems.

As for the queen.. I wouldn't even try her for a while yet.  Just pharm the
king for a few and get some cleric notes, end the raid on a high and not by
summoning everybody.

3 good groups can handle chardok royals, pay attention to snare/agro through
walls etc, and you shouldnt have too many problems

-m
brother grandmaster
prexus




