From 4042522577094388325
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,def1733f5b4a7d56
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-25 18:57:53 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com (Tim Smith)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Price Increase=Legends Flop?
Date: Tue, 26 Mar 2002 02:57:53 -0000
Organization: Institute of Lawsonomy, Department of Suction and Pressure
Message-ID: <slrna9vorr.kru.reply_in_group@localhost.localdomain>
References: <nUOn8.3407$gT4.1192751277@newssvr11.news.prodigy.com>
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.7.1 (Linux)
Cache-Post-Path: T2!unknown@t2
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.3.3 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 60
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:179870

In article <nUOn8.3407$gT4.1192751277@newssvr11.news.prodigy.com>, Alexa wrote:
> spots open to join Legends).  Not bitching about the price increase, as I'll
> likely do the 2 year thing and pay what I'm paying now (after I do some
> math), and I do know 3 years there should be some type of price increase.

I'm curious why you think there *should* be a price increase?  Let's
consider costs:

1. Bandwidth costs.  These should depend on two factors: number of players
online and number of players per zone.  (The later is because when a zone
has more players, there is more information that needs to be sent to each
player in the zone, so a zone with a lot of players will take more
bandwidth than those players would need if they were spread over several
zones).  

The extra bandwidth costs from the number of additional players should
rise at the same rate as revenue from those additional players, so it
is just the players/zone that we need to look at.  EQ has about twice
as many players per server active as it did when I started, but has added
many many zones since then (Kunark, Velious, and Luclin).  I don't think
players/zone has gone up significantly.

Furthermore, as absolute bandwidth usage goes up, they should be able
to get better rates, and bandwidth costs have been falling in general.
I'd be very surprised if the per player bandwidth costs of EQ is higher
now than it was a couple years ago.

2. Server costs.  More players and more zones require more server hardware.
There are more servers now than before, and each server probably consists
of more hardware.  However, again, it is the hardware/player ratio that
counts.  If that has not gone up, then revenues from the increased player
base should be enough to pay for the new hardware.  Furthermore, hardware
is more powerful now for less cost now...as regular maintainence causes
machines in the server clusters to be replaced, costs should be going
down.  (I'm assuming they didn't do something dumb like tie their software
to specifically to particular hardware, and are now stuck with ancient
machines that are getting more and more expensive to maintain...Verant
wouldn't do anything dumb like that, would they?)

3. Expansion development costs.  Three major expansions cost a lot.  However,
that should have been paid for by the players when they bought the expansions.
Expansions should not lead to monthly fee increases, except from factors
#1 and #2 if they change the hardware/player or player/zone ratios.

4. Free content development.  A certain amonut of content development should
be covered by our existing monthly fees, such as the occasional expansion
zone, new quests, events, etc., but perhaps now that the MMORPG market is
more competitive (DAoC is doing well, AO is making a comeback, AC2 and
Shadowbane are on the way), they want to step up the new non-expansion
development.  That would probably require a fee increase.

4. Salary increases, rent increases, and stuff like that...anyone know the
inflation rate for the last three years offhand? 

I'm not saying a price increase is not justified, just that we should not
automatically expect fee increases.  We should expect to see something
tangible from fee increases, and that new servers and expansion packs
do not count.

--Tim Smith


