From -1767558521070916112
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a0b5f2a094cccbf6,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-14 06:45:11 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <5d8a09435cdeb4dfbf2d92891d8f49cc@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!peer01.cox.net!cox.net!newsfeed-west.nntpserver.com!hub1.meganetnews.com!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Fri, 14 Nov 2003 14:35:02 GMT
Lines: 102
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 21: The Shadows of Luclin
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7397


Tales of Loral
Chapter 21: The Shadows of Luclin

Bonescar was happy with his new life. Ever since his escape from the 
Runnyeye goblin's gladiator with the help of his new employer, Loral 
Ciriclight the priest, he had nothing but good drink, hearty food and 
extra coin for his purse. Loral taught the large barbarian the trade of 
the merchant, a long way from his original trade as a future corpse of 
the cheering bloodthirsty goblins. He now had a keen eye for what was 
truly a mighty weapon of ancient times and what was better used to poke 
a rat. He served his master well and in turn had begun to build a life 
for himself. But that night it all ended with a dark blade stabbing him 
through his back.

The dark elf pulled the blade free and wiped the blood on the wolf cloak 
still held in the barbarian's arms. Quickly he cut free the man's purse, 
only to toss it down a deep crack in the wall. He had no use for the 
dead man's possessions, save for one item. Within seconds, he found the 
heavy object. The icy eyes of the assassin gleamed when he saw how 
successful this hunt had been. The sounds of footsteps and the 
red-purple glow of torchlight brought him back to the moment. Stepping 
back into the shadows, he disappeared from sight.

Loral Ciriclight stood at the center of the ancient spires. He watched 
the Nexus Scion, a beautiful high elf dressed in the white apprentice 
robes of Al'Kabor's wizard school, her blue eyes fixed and focused. 
Loral felt the ground begin to rumble and a great humming filled his 
head, rattling his teeth and weakening his knees. White glowing clouds 
drifted from the ground around them and a white sphere began spinning 
around the large spires. Then with a flash, he was gone.

The great forest of Greater Faydark was replaced with the dark stone 
rock of a large cavern. Loral and the other travelers stood on a large 
platform surrounded by four spires just like those he had left. The 
platform sat upon a huge black rock chipped in thousands of places and 
vibrating with a huge internal power. Four stairways led down the great 
rock and into caverns beyond and to the nearby city of Shadowhaven. 
There was no doubt, Loral was far from home.

For his short stay in Shadowhaven, Loral discovered the general disdain 
the residents had for 'outlanders'. Loral spent little of his time 
talking and much of it listening to the rumors of workers and nobles in 
Shadowhaven's inns. He heard tales of the caverns that led to the 
surface and after replenishing his supplies and donning the blue armor 
of the dragonkin, he crossed the great bridge of the underground city 
and into the dark caverns of Paludal.

Loral spent two days slowly navigating through the dense Paludal 
Caverns. Just outside of the gates of shadowhaven, bandits and thieves 
had set up a small and run-down village held at bay by the sharp blades 
of the powerful Shadowhaven guard. The caverns evolved into large worn 
stone, blasted away by the currents of large underground rivers. Great 
shelled beasts and small humanoids with skin of thick fungus glared at 
his passing but did not attack, though their smell alone was almost 
enough to fell the cleric. Soon the caverns opened up and Loral stepped 
carefully outside onto the beach that circled Hollowshade Moore.

The site was one of the most beautiful Loral had ever seen. Waves of a 
crystal clear lake gently washed upon the pure white sand of the beach. 
The very sound of the water soothed the ache of the caverns behind him. 
Green hills stretched beyond the beach to the west and far off he could 
see the lights and smoke of torchlight and campfires. That is when the 
light above caught his attention and he looked up to view the huge 
sphere of Norrath.

Loral lost his balance and would have slipped into the water below if he 
hadn't steadied himself on the wall. The feeling of hanging upside down 
above his homelands was so strong it took the strength from him. Feeling 
suffocated, Loral pulled off his helmet and dropped it to the ground. No 
site he had seen upon this moon truly made him understand his position 
until he stood staring at the very lands he had lived on thousands of 
miles above him.

Returning to his present situation, he hoped to find shelter among those 
camps ahead. Thinking it a perfect opportunity to try his latest 
possession, a gift of the lady Dahlea and the priestess Wrenne, he drew 
the white bridal, clasped with the symbol of Tunare, out from his soft 
leather pack and held it at arms length. He closed his eyes and 
remembered the words of activation.

"Come Illumina"

An unearthly air spun around Loral and his arms and a great white mare 
stepped from the swirling grey mist. It's head filled the muzzle of the 
bridle and in seconds, Loral found himself next to the beautiful 
creature. The great beast stood with the nobility that only a creature 
of Tunare could have. Loral stood in awe. Almost impatiently, the horse 
turned and nudged Loral with its muzzle. Loral smiled, mounted the 
beautiful horse and the two sped off to the firelight ahead.

Little did he know of the murder of his friend, and little did he know 
of the dangers to follow.

-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



