From 8599021880280969536
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c3a6277941db0cd8
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-09 08:09:18 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!news.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 09 May 2003 10:09:18 -0500
From: "Shipwreck" <no@nohow.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <10afab44.0305090505.b39ec94@posting.google.com>
Subject: Re: Unwritten rules, courtesy, and bullying
Date: Fri, 9 May 2003 10:11:10 -0500
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Message-ID: <BPucnX3rT_sDWSajXTWcrg@giganews.com>
Lines: 87
X-Trace: sv3-rjufQLLV7kLPlFKLJtH0VRDZNyv6zugdhX9PUbWB2/1CWbZuOP4LOQP45g+cRrAfFKQzmUo3bgHneI1!PyRhdBMmlEMWoU/SCrXd9xFBtPMIJ62Wbo102Izom0uWyXSHSa6515Y1YA4=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:281323


"MJ DiBella" <mdibella@rochester.rr.com> wrote in message
news:10afab44.0305090505.b39ec94@posting.google.com...
> Last night I had my beastlord in Dawnshroud, after a really bad day at
> work, and I was happily hunting shrooms for about three hours.  There
> is an area with a building full of them, plus three more outside, and
> they respawn very quickly.
>
> All of a sudden a player moved in front of me and informed me that his
> shaman was 'camping' this spot and I would have to leave.  Now, in
> three hours, I hadn't seen either this player or the shaman and I had
> been circling the building pulling shrooms, so I have no idea where he
> was.  He said he'd been camping the spot for 6 levels.  Perhaps he had
> literally camped out his shaman in the spot and when he signed in he
> saw me and told me to leave?  I really don't know, I can say only that
> I did not see him.  He insisted that he'd been 'calling' the camp for
> many hours (I didn't see that, either).
>
> Given the spawn rate in the area, I told him there were plenty of
> shrooms to go around and since I'd been there for three hours already
> I didn't really see a need to move on.  He followed me around and
> watched me kill a few shrooms and then stood in front of me again and
> said, 'I'm trying to be nice here, please leave'.
>
> Frankly, I don't think he was being nice at all.  I perceived he was
> trying to bully me.  His guild tags were from a prominent guild and I
> feared making many powerful enemies, so I left...but it really ruined
> the evening, topping off a truly awful day...sigh...
>
> So what would you have done?  What are the rules, written and
> unwritten?

I had some lowlife POS wizard in rathe mountains KSing me (and probably
others) with the giants.  I had a giant snared and dotted, then this
fricking moe spams my screen with a hotkeyed /say a hill giant is MINE LEAVE
IT ALONE!!!  DON'T DOT IT OR NUKE IT!!! (translation: I'm going to KS you
and if there is evidence that you cast first and I KSed you, I will be in
serious trouble and I know it).  He then proceeded to nuke the giant to half
health (in one spell).

I should have reported the prick for KSing and not playing nice.  I didn't
bother because the person was obviously a complete loser and I didn't feel
like dealing with yet another fuckwit.  did it piss me off?  yeah.  was it
worth arguing about?  not really. I left and found a better spot that was
less contested.  money wasn't as great, but oh well - my friend really
helped me out in the equipment department and I have always had enough for
spells (until now...mob dropped spells are EXPENSIVE).

but onto your question, I'd have stayed and sent a /tell to an officer of
his guild.  I'd also have told him that I was there first and if he didn't
want to share, to get in line or go find another place. Doesn't matter if
he's been there for 6 levels or whatever, he wasn't there for the past 3
hours and he could go f--- himself.  if he got verbally abusive, I'd have
/reported the text and /petitioned the ass.  I hate when people think they
own a camp or a spot or a monster because they were there yesterday.
whether he was there for 6 levels or 6 kills, he doesn't own it, you were
there first, you pay the same amount of money to Sony every month and have
the same right to the same camps.  he don't like it, tell him to go back to
his mother's breast and cry to her. As for the getting in your face.  That I
would have petitioned for harassment.  I could give a shit what tag someone
is wearing.  If they are an asshole, they can bite me.  Bad reputation for
sticking up for yourself and offering to share a camp with some punk who
pops in after you've been there for 3 hours?  I hardly think so.

If you got his name, check out the guild message board (all big guilds
should have them, doa search for their guild name on google or whatever and
they should have a link from the homepage) and post a heads up that
dumbass_06 wasn't playing very nice.  Some guilds will laugh at you and
won't care, but if they're cool they'll take care of teh offender.

Rules:

written: Sony does not acnowledge camps.  they will enforce the play nice
policy on KSers, but no one owns a camp.

unwritten: whoever is there first "owns" the camp.  You were there first,
the spot was yours.

Something similar happened to me the other day in Oasis. I was camping specs
and had it broken nicely into 2 sets of 4 so I could quad them.  I finish a
quad, med up a little, go back to the island and some little halfling druid
who was probably getting NO experience from them moved in and took the camp.
It pissed me off, but what could I do?  put him on my shitlist.  I have one
going for people who I will never give a port to or will never Rez with my
cleric.




