From 4533464712023082385
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7d935a116b979a30
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-15 13:07:53 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newshub2.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Firiona Vie after a week live
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <nmfmstc033poktab75e4ru660h8pui7pi6@4ax.com>
References: <j9jgst0n2avnakb9rrub9ieh3kr3t0d0ee@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 136
Date: Mon, 15 Oct 2001 20:07:50 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1003176470 24.3.225.40 (Mon, 15 Oct 2001 13:07:50 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 15 Oct 2001 13:07:50 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:126504

On Sat, 13 Oct 2001 14:29:42 GMT, Ben Sisson
<ilkhanikeDIESPAM@DIESPAMyahoo.ca> wrote:

>After five or six days starting to see how the server is shaping up.
>
>1. Its population is descending at about the same rate as all the
>other new servers in the past, maybe slightly faster. Nothing unusual
>there.

Yep, exactly as normal.


>2. Is there more roleplaying? I would say yes. People in groups stay
>in character more. Gfay and to a lesser extent Freeport are hellholes
>but outside of that, its a lot better.

Nope, I really see no more than on tribunal, in fact I see less. I see
less because due to communication barriers of not speaking the same
language and not having a global shout or auction in most zones I hear
far less of people speaking at all. Overall I see much less
roleplaying.

I see virtually none in groups anywhere either.. although really just
as on my regular server Its not like I see people actively roleplaying
or actively referring to real world events. I never saw people refer
to real world events much on trib either so as far as the spirit of EQ
and normal dialogue you could say they were roleplaying.


>HOWEVER the major problem continues to be language barriers. Until a
>few more people start getting multilingual there is very little
>communication between races.

AHAH that is funny.. reminds me of how JUST EXACTLY AS I KNEW would
happen my barb shaman gets people asking her for:

"swg pgh"

"fdw lgz"

and then of course in human,

"sow plz"

Some things never do change. Also just as on tribunal I get just as
many people asking for "Spirit of the wolf" or "faster feet" or some
such more RP way of saying it. I certainly don't see more of it on the
FV server though and just as many PLZ.

The other day an erudin was begging me for one gold piece in erud
(Clue: if you are going to beg at least Don't BE STUPID enough to do
so in a language I don't know when we both start with human tongue)
and obviously had "Plz" on the end. I and another erud laughed about
that.


>3. The powergamer crowd seems to be less represented than usual,
>especially in the melee classes. With everyone anon theres no way to
>know for sure the level curve, and its hard to communicate with people
>of other races anyways, so I can't make any firm call on the level
>curve, but my gut is telling me there is somewhat less emphasis on
>powergaming in general (though of course they exist, I *still* get
>rude people who open conversations with "what level are you?").

Actually there is. I'm level 12 and though I see many blue and green
people I've seen many red lately and saw at least one chracter in full
blackened armor from Runneye which I think requires level 18 plus
really to get now (and they were a fellow barb shamaness)


>At this moment the highest I know of is 22, but I only know of six
>over 18 (five casters) and the beginning of the pack is at about 14
>and lower. Oddly enough the melees, who generally level faster at the
>lowest levels, are not as well represented at the top of the curve as
>they were on other new servers. I don't know what to make of that (or
>even if its valid) but I get the feeling a multilingual warrior will
>have NO trouble getting groups on this server.

Likely because, not knowing anyone's level, it is very hard to get a
bind in a city so its very hard to do many dungeons. Being at level 12
I have an advantage because I know any even con or above caster can
bind me ;) (though I can't get it myself until 14)


>That doesn't include iksars; no one but the iksars know what their
>levels are like, they do level rather faster at first than the
>mainlanders, so there could be a few higher levels out there too.

I saw an iksar necro yesterday who was red to me at 12 and in the
freep area. They really should be leveling MUCH faster than us at
first since lake of ill omen and such is such a great area and right
by their city, having plenty of resources for them while EC has like a
couple orc camps which have lines (once they are broken)


>4. Theres virtually no economy whatsoever yet. Some patchwork being
>sold, but business is slow when you're mostly restricted to people who
>can understand you.

Oh, an odd note on the understanding and a ray of hope. This really
makes no sense, but after getting about one point each in erudin, dark
elf, gnome, dwarf, halfling and such just from talking with them or
being near or grouping - I now have the option to train only dark elf,
halfling and old erudin all of a sudden as of like yesterday. Before
that I had no option earlier than level 12 besides human and common
(both maxxed) the odd thing is though that I know I gained more
initial points in dwarf and gnome yet they still don't show at a
trainer. So now I have like 15 skill in both dark elf and halfling and
continue to raise it 3 or more points as I level ;)

Has anyone else noticed some languages suddenly showing up at their
trainer while ones they have more points in don't???


>5. Permagroups are much in evidence. These are people who had their
>group set before the server ever went live, and generally stick to
>that group. You see these on every server but I see more of them here.

Not sure if that is totally true.. what I saw was that like the same 3
dwarves would get on as my shaman when I grouped with them then invite
me to group. We did not speak the same language but could get enough
across when their sow was fading.. whether we were killing orcs or
bandits etc. I made it plain to them that I had the head for the
bloodforge hammer from trumpy (killed him at 7 ;) ) and I needed at
least amiable with stormguard. They seemed to quite like my shamaness
grouping with them and I was a big hit ;) They were so cute all in
their scarab armor.

So really it may be more that people group once then are on a lot and
find they group well than they came with those people. To outsiders
I'm sure it would look like my shamaness knew those 3 dwarves ahead of
time.



Email: dstephenAThomeDOTcom


