From -4825997244523229363
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e3a17b3014dd1777,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 27 Jul 2006 18:03:00 -0500
Date: Thu, 27 Jul 2006 19:02:59 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Nose to grindstone
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <udmdnV0z0pm521TZnZ2dnUVZ_rWdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 106
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.56.7
X-Trace: sv3-EYlBmCUX6PnGluSwWhAnEYQfuTxdt6YecN9E4JL3tx+oS657XS+vdlJT7RYzdSGcsMWztvHvPCll91d!amTbHcbiCksTomv1uE0GoIH114F6JzoC79IT8aiXThHMk0TIG3dohzJNtVQFt5ehgYZs9NfT9Den!g01UhfCZ
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3411

My little gnome SK recently joined a guild on Combine, with thus far
sporadic results.  In a way, I sold my soul to the devil (but hey, I AM
an SK, thats what we do isn't it?) because I found myself grouping a
great deal with various members of a different guild, applied to them
despite their current "no more SK's" policy, and was accepted... but
went with this other guild instead.  The other guild was actively
recruiting me, had only a couple SK versus 7 in the guild I had applied
to, and also had some people I've grouped with regularly.

I just felt like although I'd be accepted in that first guild, I'd never
really feel wanted or needed... being number 21 on the list of people to
MT, I'd really consist of poor DPS for most encounters!  And of course I
can't deny that it crossed my mind I'd also be sharing loot with 7 other
SK, 21 Tank classes... ugh.

Anyway, I got in a nearly all guild group last night, taking the gnoll
cave up in Jaggedpine.  A monk I'd grouped with repeatedly was the
puller, and we bantered back and forth a bit about how I was doing the
MT job.  After a bit of back and forth, though, I told him that I was
really unfamiliar with the MT position, having 66 levels of Mage, 65
levels of cleric, and so forth under my belt, but no plate classes; as a
guildmate, I'd appreciate an actual education.  He said he has a 70
paladin on another server, and agreed to help out.

First off, he had me ditch the bow.  Now I always led with my bow,
figuring it as near instant damage with a longer range than my spells,
so I'd range then cast on incoming.  I grumbled a bit, and Still have my
doubts, but I stopped and went to casting Terror as soon as mob in
range.  Turns out the range is pretty good and this seems to work better
than my two step plan; even if its just the time spent switching buttons
from bow to cast, there's more delay getting that aggro spell off for
some reason, and maybe I've misunderstood how the bow works.  At any
rate, didn't let off another arrow the whole night.  He claims that the
bow is a pulling tool, and even then one of only occaisional value.

Uncertain of how SK work compared to Paladins, he tried to get me to do
the tagging with snare at first; I did manage to talk him out of this
idea, as the snares take longer to cast and are DOTs, which means if for
some reason we need to switch targets there's no way to mez that
original guy; at any rate I'm sure that the Terror line are more aggro.
After a little discussion he said it sounded like the terror line was
indeed the better choice for pure aggro (his paladin used the
cease/desist line) and so that was what I primarily used from that point on.

After playing around for a while, I also set up a social, not /assist, 
but /assist puller.

This key was much better than my normal vanilla assist key, which I've 
used since time immemorial because of its flexibility.  Instead of 
swapping targets around willy nilly, jumping from whatever I'd targetted 
to whatever it targetted, (which normally is just great), I'd get only 
the target of the puller, or if he wasn't in range of me, I wouldn't 
switch targets at all.  Since he wasn't switching targets off the one he 
brought in, and I was targetting that as soon as I got it from him, I 
could mash the assist button repeatedly without messing anything up.

The instant I picked up a target, step two was to hit my Terror key, 
again mashing repeatedly until I got range and LOS... didn't need to 
look around to actually find the mob incoming, just piss it off and it 
would come find me.

When the mob got to me, step three, taunt.  Taunt taunt taunt.  If mana 
permits, slap on some other debuff spells, if HP totals are questionable 
or healer is low on mana or something lifedraw.  Get clinging darkness 
on somewhere before it runs but not so early that it will wear off too soon.

When the mob runs, if mana's a problem, sit down and let the DPS people 
finish it off.

At times the monk would chain pull; he'd run off before the mob was dead 
or even running, I'd make a point of slapping the darkness on then and 
begin mashing my assist puller key.  Again the second I got a new 
target, I'd Terror it and start in on tanking it down, leaving the crew 
to finish off the old target which was very likely running, but if not, 
at least very close... and almost certainly going to keep beating on me 
if I didn't move away.

Mezzed mobs (we always had at least a necro) were mine to awaken, I'd 
taunt, terror, taunt, then start swinging, this almost always worked to 
keep the mob on me on break.

I learned to save healer mobs till last, because mobs wouldn't run with 
a buddy around, even if the buddy was mezzed; healers who could be 
induced to run would save an awful lot of trouble even in this pre CHeal 
era... I'd also slap a few Lifedraws on when nearing that point hoping 
to help tip the decision from heal to run.

I also learned that this is Not a relaxing job.  I'm constantly doing 
something, looking for something I'm supposed to be doing, watching my 
mana and mana regen and deciding what is and isn't worth doing... not to 
mention considering what our exit strategy is if it all goes south 
suddenly; chanter mezzed or LD'd or even dead, say (ok, I admit that 
most of the problems that would cause an exit strategy involve the CC 
person, cleric or DPS or puller trouble could really be ignored.

I died a couple times, accident (mob not slowed and healer not fast 
enough on the uptake) and wipe (trying to get aggro from all mobs and 
shouting for the rest to run or gate) and FD'd a couple (again a healer 
problem but one I managed to life thru by giving aggro back to the monk 
long enough for that tardy heal to land) and one where everyone actually 
got out as I'd hoped and I then ditched all aggro by lying down, and 
calmly waited for the group to return.

And I leveled.  One more till Planar.

Berg, 45 SK, Combine


