From 3027351714920406402
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c0105226c05dd23a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-28 00:52:30 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!pln-e!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!drn
From: JeffDo <JeffDo_member@newsguy.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Trivial Loot Code
Date: 28 Aug 2001 00:25:49 -0700
Organization: Newsguy News Service [http://newsguy.com]
Lines: 43
Message-ID: <9mfh1t0q63@drn.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-375.newsdawg.com
X-Newsreader: Direct Read News v2.80
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:112405

Ok, I'm not sure if this has been beaten to death yet or not, nor if this is the
best place to post this since the Everquest.com forums were taken down but,
my thoughts below are why I think the trivial loot code is a bad idea.

My first thought is why does Verant want to do this? The biggest reason appears
to be to prevent higher level characters from camping lower level items for
twinks and depriving those who can still get experience from these mobs and
their items.

The problem is frequency of this happening is fairly low. A recent tour of
current newbie to mid level zones such as Nurga, Droga, Frontier Mountains, Sol
A, Najena, Paws, Dalnirs, etc etc showed them to be completely empty during
prime time hours, no newbies or high levels getting items for twinks.

Why is this? Three reasons that I can see. Travel time to location, possibility
of finding a group once getting there and most importantly the quality of loot
you will find.

As the server populations get older and older, the items they are going to want
to camp for get better and better. As an example no one will camp for an FBR now
and deprive some newbie when they can obtain an Oracle robe with the same ease.
This also benefits new players as the items that were once considered rare and
expensive become common place and cheap for them to buy.

Any player, new or old wants the best available stuff, it's a simple fact.  

Why elminate the reasons for anyone going to particular dungeons when eventually
the low-mid level dungeons are going to be empty anyhow by loot deflation?

The only way this would be a decent idea is if it could be implemented in a way
to work based on zone population and use. In other words, plain silly to cut
anyone out of a zone that no one goes to.

Cutting off high levels is simply bad for the game, because the migration to
high levels is coming sooner and sooner and the newbie population is becoming
not only less and less but more capable. It took me more than a year to get my
first level 50+ (Been playing since beta) but my newest level 50 was done in
less than two months and I'm hardly a powergamer.

Thanks for your time.

Jeff



