From -7371398788912841995
X-Google-Thread: fb739,dce3cb097e8b2bea,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: mshea01@gmail.com (Mike Shea)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 52: The Abysmal Sea
Date: 24 Sep 2004 15:43:49 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 198
Message-ID: <546f4550.0409241443.64bf3ded@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 69.140.70.205
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1096065829 29777 127.0.0.1 (24 Sep 2004 22:43:49 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 24 Sep 2004 22:43:49 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17778

Tales of Loral: Chapter 52: The Abysmal Seas

Cold wind ripped across the waves bringing with it a wall of rain. The
sheet of rain smashed across the wooden deck of the ship and over the
cloaked figure, but he did not move. A flash of lightning broke open
the horizon of black clouds and black seas revealing intense blue eyes
under the gray cloak of the stranger.

Loral Ciriclight, priest of Tunare, stood on the ship's deck, ignoring
the tearing wind and cold rain. He was an elf transformed. His hair
hung in thick strands down the front of his shoulders from under his
hood. He held his cloak tight around his body as the wind ripped
through him. Lighting crashed again and the huge boat creaked sending
a flood of rainwater across the deck. Loral's eyes never moved.

Two huge barbarians covered in spiked steel armor and carrying
great-swords almost as tall as Loral stood guard over the focus of
Loral's intense gaze. Between them was the Grozmok stone. For
centuries the huge stone served demons and gods long dead. For
centuries it lead to the twisting and destruction of countless beings
across countless worlds. And now it was here on this boat in this
storm.

Strange magic kept the huge slab afloat over its pedestal. Loral saw
horrible glyphs and sigils carved on its surface from a dark language
beyond the realms of Norrath. No word of this language ever spread
across the lands. No mortal tongue could ever hope to articulate the
impossible multi-voiced syllables of the ancient language. The
guttural and deep words would hew into the minds of those who heard
it, spreading like black poison and tearing away all moral and
rational thought. Men pierced the throats of their families under the
orders of such words, spilling the blood of their loved ones onto the
insatiable stone. Lightning crashed again and Loral closed his eyes.

The two guards turned to the cloaked figure that stood in the storm
and watched it stride forward. Time appeared to slow. The figure's
hard boots thudded on the deck above the steady roar of the falling
rain. The figure drew a hand from within its cloak and traced a sign
of Tunare in the air with two fingers. His powerful decisive stride
never stopped. A flash of light erupted from within the folds of the
figure's gray cloak. The two barbarians placed their hands on the
hilts of their huge swords.

The larger of the two guards began to draw his sword but before six
inches of the steel blade left it sheath, a twisting cord wrapped
around his wrist, waste, feet, and throat. It tore him into the
railing of the ship's deck and he screamed against another crash of
lightning. The other drew his own huge blade in a fast practiced draw.
He took no chances.

The unhindered guard cut hard in a horizontal slash that should have
severed the cloaked figure in half. The figure turned, putting his
back against the blade's cut and although the blade cut into the
figure's gray cloak, it shattered like glass against the shield the
figure wore on his back. A deep and low roar swept across the ship's
deck. Red flames leaped up from the cut in the figure's cloak.

The figure's cloak whipped back and revealed a shining hammer in his
hand. The cloaked attacker smashed the head of the hammer into the
guard's chest and with a crash of magical energy. The cloaked figure
drew back and then threw his hand forward hard as if tossing a huge
stone. Another deep thud sounded across the ship as blast of magical
energy slammed into the guard, shattered the thick wooden railing, and
sent him soaring onto lower deck below.

The figure leaped up onto the remaining railing holding his shining
hammer high in one hand and a burning shield in the other. Below his
feet the Grozmok stone whispered in a dark tongue. The figure smashed
his hammer into the center of the stone. The Grozmok stone exploded in
black and white fire, shattering into dust.

Lighting cut again across the gray storm clouds and the boat rocked
again tearing Loral from the vision of his attack. How dearly he
wished to destroy the accursed stone. How much pain should Norrath
continue to suffer? The dark stone twisted the trolls of Grobb into
unholy spiritcallers and destroyed the city of Guk. Rumors spoke to
the stone's participation in the surfacing of the orcs of Rujarkian.
The stone was a compass of death. It dragged its followers into the
pits of hell and it would do so again attached to this massive ship.

Loral became aware of silence in his mind. Xuzl, demon imprisoned in
Loral's burning shield, never missed such opportunities to torment the
elven cleric.

"Why do you not speak, Demon," thought Loral. Xuzl's words returned
like a thin hiss, far different from the mental roar of flame he
normally spoke through.

There is nothing to say. Ware the stone, priest.

"What do you know of this thing?" The voice of the demon prince flowed
through Loral's mind much smoother and lower than it ever had. It was
a powerful contrast from the demon's normally overpowering voice.

Only a handful of such items exist across the known worlds. Their
power is endless, eviscerating worlds and spilling their entrails upon
the open vastness that lies in between. None know where such things
are created. They outgrow even those who build them. Some say they are
built from within the ethereal voids where not even the demon-princes
dare to look. Leave this place, priest.

Xuzl's words surprised Loral. Even in his defeat at the hands of the
adventurers of Lotus Cult, Xuzl never showed fear until now.

Loral turned and looked back across the crashing seas. The clouds
themselves seemed alien to Loral, as though the great ship of the
Wayfarers had itself traveled across the rifts of Norrath and into
unknown worlds. Whatever awaited him on the shores to the west, Loral
could only hope he would be ready.

The howling winds of the storm brought a cry to Loral's ears. The
ship's watchman sighted land. A cold shiver flowed through Loral's
veins as a whispered prayer to Tunare left his lips. The gates of
discord had opened, and chaos reigned within.

2

Dauleroun Alines walked slowly down the streets of Felwithe in the
darkness of the late night. The elven councilman's hard-soled boots
echoed off of the stone pavement, the only sound in the deep night.
His pale skin sagged at his cheeks and neck; many in the council noted
that the conservative voice of the council looked far older these last
few days. It was due to stress, no doubt, after the recent news and
omens of war.

Shadows bent and twisted across the blue stone walkway and across the
alleys of the closed shops. The shadows flanked and followed the
councilman as he made his way to his posh apartment in North Felwithe.

The councilman waved a hand past a red glyph on the stone door of his
apartments. The rune shifted to green and magical forces pushed the
rumbling stone into a hidden compartment. When the councilman entered,
the door closed behind him. The shadows, however, followed him inside.

Alines waved his hand again, and spoke a single word in elder Elvish.
A fire burst into life in his hearth, illuminating the room. A low
voice from the shadows of the room whispered in a much older and
darker voice. The fire died low in the hearth. Alines turned and faced
the dark corner.

All of the shadows of the small room twisted and turned, shifting and
drawing in. Chilled wind flowed through the room blowing papers off of
Aline's old desk and whipping the room's drapes and table cloths like
the wings of bats. The shadows came together in one spot and filled
out a tall humanoid shape. Red eyes blazed from the shadows and the
vampire lord stepped into the light.

"Speak." The vampire's voice was low and smooth. The red eyes shifted
through the full spectrum of light from red to violet and back,
finally settling on a burning green.

"Lord Varlow." Alines's confident voice broke apart as he spoke the
name of the vampire lord who had taken him. "I did as you asked. The
emissaries, scouts, and adventurers head west across the Abysmal Seas
following the agents of the Wayfarers. We sent word to all of our
field agents."

"And the priest?" Varlow's hands slid from within his pitch black
robes. The long fingers ended in sharp thick nails.

"He travels west as well."

"Excellent." The vampire lord's green eyes looked behind Councilman
Alines. "Glave, You know what to do."

"Yes, my master." The hissing voice sent bolts of electricity through
the elven councilman. Alines whipped around to behold a shadowed
figure less than two feet from his exposed back.

Like Varlow, the figure had white skin but unlike the other vampire,
tiny sigils, glyphs, and runes covered nearly every inch of this
figure's skin . His eyes were pure black orbs that shone in the dim
flashes of the firelight. He wore a flat black tunic and black
trousers tucked into tall heavily creased boots. A cloak draped over
his sholders and a low hood covered the shade's bald tattooed head. A
pair of daggers, hilted in silver and adorned with black pearls, hung
on the creature's wide black belt. The pitch black eyes focused on the
shaken councilman and the vampire shade smiled revealing horrible
pointed teeth.

"Leave us."

The vampire shade, Glave, smiled again at the councilman and stepped
toward the door. Glave turned sideways and seemed to fold into a thin
line before floating through the crack of the door.

The shocking site of something so unnatural faded and the councilman
turned back to the elder vampire.

"What of me now?"

"One day you may serve me as well as Glave. It took him five centuries
to earn my trust and enter my inner circle." The vampire smiled, his
long teeth glistening. "For now, you serve me here."

This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License. Screenshots
and proper names copyright 2004 Sony Computer Entertainment America
Inc. Contact Loral at loral@loralciriclight.com.


