From 2359731781048317629
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ef7b8c0feffd6e4a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-27 08:56:38 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!cpk-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.gtei.net!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!portc03.blue.aol.com!audrey05.news.aol.com!not-for-mail
Lines: 67
X-Admin: news@aol.com
From: revenant71@aol.comnojunk (GhostMachine)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Date: 27 Nov 2001 16:56:05 GMT
Organization: AOL http://www.aol.com
Subject: A rant about tradeskills & classes
Message-ID: <20011127115605.26827.00001949@mb-ft.aol.com>
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:138866

I was looking at the information about tradeskills at EQtraders, and it seems
to me that a few tradeskills need to be changed somewhat....at least made
easier for lower level characters to learn.

My L9 Necromancer is skilled in Tailoring and Fishing. I only put 1 training
point in Fishing and raised it BY Fishing when I'm really bored. His Tailoring
skill is only 21 or 22, and his Fishing skill is only 11, I believe; I've been
spending more time trying to raise levels, earn money, and trade things than I
have practicing skills.

I would have liked him to take up Jewelcrafting, but its a waste of time; you
have to risk wasting a lot of pp on materials and losing them in order to
practice the skill, and just like Blacksmithing, you have to pay an Enchanter
to help you make any magical items. Not a good skill for a low level character
to take up, although I suppose you could make a profit off of mundane jewelry
for a while, after you get your skill somewhere in the 20's at least. When I
reach level 40 or so, I may reconsider and take up Jewelcraft, or I may make an
Enchanter character and have him take it up (I have a L6 Wizard I'm considering
dumping and replacing).

Blacksmithing: Again, requires an Enchanter in order to make anything magical,
plus the risk of losing a lot of platinum and time practicing. I don't see why
anyone would even take up this skill or Jewelcraft and gain ranks by practicing
instead of spending training points.

Tailoring: My only major complaints are that you can't see a lot of the items
when a character wears them, and you can't dye them like you can fine steel
armor. IMHO, making Patchwork or Raw Silk armor is a waste of time and
materials unless you plan on equipping yourself with it or plan on giving it to
newbies for free (which you SHOULD do; I probably would have died several more
times than I did around level 5 if someone hadn't made me some raw silk armor
for free); I've never seen anyone try to sell it to players. (I made TWO pieces
of Patchwork armor when I was bored and had nothing better to do, and sold them
to a vendor; I'll raise my skill from 21-22 by making Tailored Wrist Pouches
until it trivials at 26, then switch to making Small Bags or Leather Padding,
thank you very much)

Fishing: Boring, but you can make a tidy profit at it if you do it long enough;
I've sold about five or six Rusty Daggers, one or two fish scales, two tattered
sandals, and a bunch of Fresh Fish. This is probably the best skill to learn
first, although in my opinion using more than one or two training points on it
is a waste of training points (I've probably spent a total of 1 hour Fishing,
and my skill is about 11 or 12; save your training points for combat skills,
languages, or other trade skills). 

Baking: Apparently anyone can learn this, and without spending a training
point; I had my Necromancer, without any points in this skill whatsoever, gain
a couple of points simply by making edible goo. I've failed once out of about 5
attempts, and gained a skill of exactly 2. I may spend a few points on this
skill later, however, but right now I'm spending my training points on Erudian,
Evocation (my Ward Undead spells keep fizzling; my Poison Bolts do too, but I
need Ward Undead to work more often than PBs right now) and 1H Blunt weapons (I
have a Staff of Writhing)

Any comments or suggestions? If I create an Enchanter is there any reason he
should take up Blacksmithing as well as Jewelcraft? Or should he just take up
Jewelcraft and let the Warriors and others worry about making a tidy profit off
of weaponmaking?


*If the Rock were an Iron Chef, would he be....Iron Chef Pie?*








