From 8271580357605809210
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c304df952b79be4b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-26 11:10:31 PST
From: "Tyas_MT" <tyas_mt@hotplonkmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: It was like thousands of mobs cried out in terror, and were suddenly mezzed...
Date: Fri, 26 Mar 2004 13:09:50 -0600
Lines: 125
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <40648016$1_1@127.0.0.1>
X-Authenticated-User: $$arx6r4j85
X-Comments: This message was posted through <A href
X-Comments2: IMPORTANT: Newsfeed.com does not condone,
X-Report: Please report illegal or inappropriate use to
Organization: Newsfeeds.com http://www.newsfeeds.com 100,000+ UNCENSORED Newsgroups.
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!news-out2.nuthinbutnews.com!local!text-west!not-for-mail
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:25808

I am the terror that camps in the night.
I am the dweeb that just charmed your pull. Thanks for the pet.
I am... Tyaaaaa.... (hole in the world geometry)

Well.... They gave me back my account for nearly a whole month (20 days left
now). Bastards.

I've bummed around. Soloed a few undead frogs in lower guk.. (hehe, I
thought it was camped BEFORE...).
Got a guildie (yes, my guild  is still there... and they are semi uberish
now.) wants me to get my epic.
But I'm not coming back for good.
No.
Debit card, get back in that wallet.
It taunts us, it does. My precious.

<ehm>
Btw I was VERY impressed by the directX 9 update. Full clip plane in the
bazaar, 34 fps according to fraps, while moveing around a lot.

I never got near that before.

I do wish I had LDoN... that looks like enourmous fun, the perfect expansion
for me. I love dungeons, I love wandering around, and I love a challenge.
Most people look for safe, I look for calculated risk.

I've mainly been a buff bot for my (reativated) friend's druid... he is
actually paying to play. Gone from 34 to 42 in a couple of weeks of casual
playing.

Anyway I have the following observations to share with you regarding where
I've been:

SWG: They just didn't have enough content. And then they decided that people
were not going to figure out how to unlock Jedi, and dropped their clues in
the game, which has
a) destroyed the economy, and
b) destroyed any semblance of fun, as 2/3 of the server are simply looking
for the fastest way to master profession X.

Also, and I guess it's to be expected, but every game I get in is so full of
jerks, ks'ing boobs, griefers, exploiters. I mean these people exist in EQ,
but they are the vast minority.

I'm thinking I'm banking my few million credits, remastering smuggler, and
camping out till the Space expansion comes out.
Final Fantasy Online:
It's grind beyond the ken of EQ players. You remember the original EQ? The
raw, mind numbing grind of killing micro xp after micro xp critter for whole
night to get a movement in the xp bar you barely notice? The dinging a
level, only to realize
1) you need more xp to get the next one
2) you now get less xp per kill
and 3) you didn't really get any more effective.
You will pray for those days.

Oh, don't get me wrong, Final Fantasy is a vast, engrossing, beautiful, well
developed world with very very few bugs.
The races seem well balanced. The classes seem well balanced.
But my god! the grind.

And let's talk about boats. I took a boat last week, for the first time. Too
big for the area I'm in, and my two friends persuaded me we should seek
greener pastures elsewhere.

So we run to the boat. Is the boat in the equivilant of Freeport? No. Well
maybe. Actually I'll say yes. The boat
is in the equivilant of freeport. Too bad the actual town we start in is
Highpass. And it's always night
in Kithicor. That about sums up the travelling to the boat. So I get on the
boat.

And you can fish off the boat! What do you mean 'You caught a sea monster!'?
Ayeeee!

Ok so the black mage twice my level helped me kill it, that was nice of him.

Oh look we are passing another boat... except... it's going the same way...
why is it coming closer... er uh...
pirates?
Ok cool.

The pirate is incredibly tough (aka What would you like your tombstone to
say).
2 hits. All it took was 2 hits to kill me. And I'm not a dress wearer.

They wiped out every person on the boat. 12 people.

btw boats cost 100 gil to get on. And I didn't get a refund. My friend lost
a level. (yes you
lose levels in this game if you lose enough xp).

Now if I wanted, I could have gone from the main city by airship, but
airships cost more than boats, and are prohibitivly expensive unless you
have a pass.

I can't get a pass for several more levels, they are level restricted. Ah
well

Also, all my gear looks just like the other monks my level, because
everything's level restricted and there isn't enough variation in 'what's
good' to make
much of a difference.


Well anyway, I'm back for a bit. May drop in the chat channel if I remember
how.

But it's not long term

/shouts 'Damn you debit card, get BACK in that wallet'.
/emote casts GoK on the Debit Card.


---
Tyas, Level 55 Enchanter, Morell-Thule
Tyas Duskchaser, Master Hologrinder, SWG




-- 





----== Posted via Newsfeed.Com - Unlimited-Uncensored-Secure Usenet News==----
http://www.newsfeed.com The #1 Newsgroup Service in the World! >100,000 Newsgroups
---= 19 East/West-Coast Specialized Servers - Total Privacy via Encryption =---


