From 4630458459012198737
X-Google-Thread: fb739,952ce773d3ae46f3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
From: Palindrome <damon-nomad@tiscali.co.uk>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Spirit Shrouds
Date: Tue, 11 Oct 2005 22:49:12 +0100
Message-ID: <7h7ok1ld7ka8o88r3i03eljum1inth70js@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.93/32.576 English (American)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 91
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: 212.139.176.89
NNTP-Posting-Host: mk-nntp-2.news.uk.tiscali.com
X-Trace: 11 Oct 2005 22:50:36 +0100, mk-nntp-2.news.uk.tiscali.com
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nx01.iad01.newshosting.com!newshosting.com!tiscali!newsfeed2.ip.tiscali.net!mk-nntp-1.news.uk.worldonline.com!mk-nntp-2.news.uk.tiscali.com
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6323

Hi All

I've had the time to mess around with these for a day or so, and
here's a few bits of info that might be handy for the curious "Shroud
Newbie"  :)  I only post them because the  /OOC channel on my server
is full of oft-repeated questions regarding them, as are quite a few
Web Boards I have visited...  and of course the DoD .pdf manual has no
useful FAQ at all.  Quelle suprise, as they say.   

Excuse the somewhat haphazard layout, because this is just an
off-the-cuff exercise.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You cannot use any of your character's normal abilities while in
Shroud form.  A Druid cannot Track or cast Druid spells, for example.
You might get to use new ones though, as long as you are in Shroud
form - my Druid has Kick, Bash and Taunt skills while in Bear Shroud
form.  True, it says I need a shield to Bash with, and the Bear can't
use any equipment, but what the heck.

While in Shroud form, all buffs on your character are in "stasis",
rather like when you're inside the Guild Hall.  Remove the Shroud
after a few hours and even a short-term buff like a Damage Shield
would still be there, just as you left it.  I tried this with a
Beastlord, and when I removed the Shroud, even my BL pet was returned
to me, with HIS buffs still on him!  NOTE: I have no idea if summoned
pet toys would remain with him, and think it VERY unlikely they would
(if only for purposes of game balance and not making one set of toys
last months, lol). I'll try it sometime though, out of sheer
curiosity. and see if pet toys still proc after a lengthy session/camp
in Shroud form.

Camping out in Shroud form is no different from camping out as a
character - any buffs that had been cast on your Shroud form will
still be there when you log back in.

REMOVING the Shroud will wipe any buffs your Shroud Form had, even if
you put the same Shroud form straight back on again.

Character xp IS actually earned while in Shroud form, but you just
can't see it happening when you open up your inventory screen.  (No xp
bar there, which is bloody irritating).  Just don't expect a lvl 70
character to earn much xp when in a lvl 5 shroud form though  ;)

You do actually lose xp when you die in Shroud form, too, but I have
no idea if you lose xp at a lower rate if you are in a lower level of
Shroud.  I've seen conflicting opinions expressed about this. Some
state that a lvl 70 dying while wearing a lvl 5 Shroud loses as much
xp as if they died at lvl 70.  Some state they only lose the xp a lvl
5 would have lost. This last opinion, to me, seems only fair, because
if you only earn it at that rate, that's the amount you should lose.
Anyone know for sure??

If you die in Shroud form, you leave any loot and cash that you
currently had in your possession on your Shroud corpse, reappearing
beside the NPC you got the Shroud from - still in Shroud form. If you
want to go and get your loot, just find your Shroud corpse and pick it
all up again. I used a lvl 14 Druid to try this out, deliberately
getting killed (not difficult in Great Divide, lmao).  After I
reappeared I just removed the Bear Shroud - all my druid's gear, etc.
was there, just as it was when I put the Shroud on!  The Druid
initially had full HP and Mana levels when donning the Shroud, and
they were still 100% when I took it off again after dying in Shroud
form.  Finally, I went back, in Druid form, and looted the Shroud
corpse, just to check you don't have to be in Shroud form to loot your
Shroud corpse.  (Sony can be devious...)  

Unlocking the next Shroud: The 1% does actually go up while killing
normal mobs - some people have commented that it seems like it isn't
ever going to budge and that it must be bugged  :D   I killed about 10
or 12 dark blues with a 39 Beastlord (while in lvl 35 Shroud form) and
it went from 1% to 5%. I also gained 3 blue bubbles of xp, too. (Mind
you, that instanced zone in Nedaria, the "Forgotten Halls", always
gives pretty good xp).

Oh, I also noticed that the Bear Shroud's variant of SoW could be cast
while in the Netherbian Lair, and I could also cast it on others when
I was in there. too, making it a sort of "poor man's" Spirit of the
Shrew.  Probably *some* other Shroud buffs can be cast in similar
manner, working where they might not be expected to, but not all.  For
example, just like normal "Levitate", the Gargoyle's "Flight" buff
won't work in Velketor's lair, which is a pity   ;)

Anyway, sorry to ramble on, especially if you already know all of this
stuff.  I'd be glad of any other info people have discovered, too!




Palindrome


