From -3480863490738135398
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b34720f906eed84,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-07 20:33:11 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!sjc70.webusenet.com!news.webusenet.com!newsfeed2.earthlink.net!newsfeed.earthlink.net!stamper.news.pas.earthlink.net!stamper.news.atl.earthlink.net!guinness.news.atl.earthlink.net!news.atl.earthlink.net!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.104.MISMATCH!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3EB9CFF3.EF58A0D3@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: KEI free shaman fun
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 130
Date: Thu, 08 May 2003 03:35:50 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.61
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1052364950 66.109.254.61 (Wed, 07 May 2003 23:35:50 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 07 May 2003 23:35:50 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:281035

Went back to FM alone and pulled some more giants with KEI up,
slower than with my pally partner, but certainly killable, one or
two at a time.  Then KEI dropped out, and I found that the kill
rate dropped off dramatically.  I could canna to get mana, but
then I was low on health so I had to med anyway.  Those caster
shaman kept hanging around looking at me funny, too.  The giants
gave me enough of a beat down that I'd end a fight at 30% health
and 30% mana.

Well after proving to myself that I could handle them (and after
several close calls), I gated out, got a fresh KEI -and- lucked
into a HOV, and went back to Marus Seru.  I had some fun soloing
mobs, much easier than the giants in the same blue to red range,
and no casters to be seen.  Exp per kill seemed substantially
lower than in FM though, which struck me as fair but unexpected,
I thought MS was popular in part because of a good ZEM.  Maybe
its just the ease of killing that pulls people in, one thing is
certain its not the loot!

Then a chanter asked to join me.  She came in while I was tanking
down two red mobs, somehow aggroed a third and ended up having to
run to zone with me chasing and healing her (and getting yet a
fourth mob... luckily her two were blue).  She made it out and
waited a while, eventually I sent her a tell explaining that the
red ones were dead.  She came back in and I asked her to mez one
of the pair... but she charmed one, in fact the one I was beating
on!  Well, after a bit of confusion we killed the other mob and
went out hunting.

This worked decently, if never exactly well, charm broke with
some frequency and keeping her alive with a mob on me and one on
her was tricky at best, several times she ended up zoning, her
pet would come back to me and I'd kill them both.  When it -was-
working, though, it was a much faster way to kill than me
soloing, the DPS of her pets was much better than mine, and of
course stacked with mine.  She could also mez mobs if I got more
than one, so it was always her pet and me on one target.  If we
could have found a druid to keep her mob snared (with the 10
minute snare) we'd have been a happy little team I think.

Well, after a while of this, we started getting more in the
group.  A wizard I'd known from Paladul joined us, really speeded
up kills again, and worry about runners was a thing of the past
as she specialized in the kill shot, mobs would go from about to
run to dead.  Then we got a mage, which helped a lot also; DS,
pet, and more nuking too.  Necro also joined in, but chanter
left.  Necro pet with mage summons was a nasty thing to behold,
and at last we had a real snarer.  This group was dramatically
overpowered for the zone, I'm afraid, it got to where I was
deliberately pulling 4 mobs at a time because 1 at a time wasn't
cutting it, mob would die very fast and then there'd be a long
pause while I went looking for another (we cleaned all the higher
level mobs from nearby fairly quickly)  People moved in and out
of the group, I kept pulling like mad

ALong about here, I pulled a couple zelinak past a recuso camp,
and the recuso's killed one and came along after the other.  They
KS'd us when I got back to the camp, and then walked off one
after the other.  We discussed it and decided to kill them for
their crime (if only you could do this to KSing PCs!)  They
dropped fairly easily, and seemed free of annoying bad faction
hits; Recuso and Haven Smugglers were the only negatives.  Funny
way to pull and split, since they aggroed on the mobs rather than
me, when the mob died it was as if a monk FD'd, they just stood
about a bit and then walked off like that.

Well I tried this again with similar results, except that when we
got to a named mob (Roethe) we got a nasty surprise.  Turns out
he's not "red" like the other mobs in the zone, he's RED.
Visible drop in my HP bar.  Rogue we'd added recently got aggro
and his HP bar went out like someone turned off a light switch...
apparantly it hadn't occured to him that just because I didn't
seem to be hurt too fast that it might be different for him.  I
tried to talk people into zoning out while my HP bar slid to 80%,
60%, but they were working on the other two recuso.  They
admitted that they couldn't stick anything to Roethe after I said
that I couldn't (40%) and finally agreed to RUN for the zone
(20%).  I trained Roethe around a bit trying to get him to stick
to the pets for me, but couldnt shake him, finally ran to zone
myself with him close on my heels

Safe...and buff free.

This is the first death I can really say came from my twinked up
and buffed up state.  That rogue really didn't understand what
was going on at all, a level 27 troll with 500 extra HP in gear
and another 1500 in buffs took a beating very differently than a
level 24 half elf rogue with Inner Fire

Oh well, I slapped regen on and went back out to play.  The necro
logged out and brought his cleric in to rez the rogue (but no
buffs handed out) and off we went.  A couple people went and got
fresh KEI, but I decided to try it "old school" for a while.

Honestly there was little difference for me.  I kept SOW on
everyone, regen on myself, and ran around pulling, bringing mobs
back, tanking them till they died, and went out again.  I
regenerated any lost HP while looking for the next pull, in fact
sometimes while out looking or even while the mobs were chasing
me back, I'd pause and hit a canna charge because my HP bar was
topping out and I was running around 60M.  When lowish on mana
I"d pull with snare necklace and canna more, when I had more mana
I'd DOT pull so the mob was a bit injured on arrival.  Team
killed mobs either way, and most of my mana expenditure was in
slapping regen on anyone that got hurt, or more rarely Healing
them if the mobs weren't peeling off them as we'd like.  Oh, and
keeping SOW on everyone all the time and regen on me all the
time.

Eventually it was down to just me and a mage.  I wasnt pulling 4
at a time anymore, just one or two (or occaisionally with adds 4
but not deliberately).  Now mana was going into root splitting.
After an hour of this, I had to call a med break, I got down to
30% hp and 20% mana at the same time.  The mage was at 20% mana
too.  We ended up FM and me at 80%hp at about the same time, with
her on KEI and me using Cannadance part way up and then just
medding with regen on.  Well its not as good as it sounds, 1) her
mana pool was at least twice the size of mine, and 2) she
dismissed her pet and summoned a different one.  If her mana pool
was the size of mine I wager she'd have been FM twice as fast as
I was.

Went back to speed pulling, chewed thru mobs happily, dinged 28
and a yellow in before logging out and taking the kids to the
park.

Paak, 28 shaman, self buffed





