From 6024126581702279216
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7b0cebbece200c75,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-16 10:28:24 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-05!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Had to Share: Open Raid Procedures
Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2002 13:26:58 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3D5D35E2.2D068297@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 171
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:223658

This is making the rounds on our server and guild boards, but I thought
I would share. I enjoyed it very much, and most of it applies to any
server. There's also some good points in here dealing with the issues of
casters vs. melee on raids. (I'll try to clear up the server specific
stuff at the end in case you are curious.)
**************************
"Since there have been some posts lately about pickup raids, I thought
I'd just write out for everyone how pickup raids work. Please rest
assured that this is the result of considerable experience with pickup
raids. [ ]

1. Locate a monster which is likely to drop phat lewts. Appoint a raid
leader, who should be a competent, intelligent and charismatic person
who does not fully understand what s/he is letting him/herself in for.

2. Assemble in the zone where the monster is located. This will take at
least 2 hours longer than necessary. The raid leader should use this
time to announce who is MA and to explain the loot rules.

3. Since the loot rules will be based on some form of NBG, they will
permit melees to roll on all highly desired items with a market value in
excess of 10,000pp, and casters to roll on some piece of crap which a
level 3 beastlord would allow to rot. The raid leader, who will be a
melee, will explain why this is fair.

4. Upon hearing the loot rules, the most important casters will gate,
leaving the raid with 2 clerics, 19 druids and one underlevel enchanter.
More time will be wasted while replacements are sought.

5. The most experienced cleric will invite a group consisting of the MA,
the SA, the puller, the main enchanter and the slower. She will also
have brought a backpack full of peridots to the raid.

6. The most intelligent cleric will invite a group consisting of three
rogues and two wizards. She will have forgotten to bring any peridots
and will not buff you unless these are provided for her.

7. Both the most experienced cleric and the most intelligent cleric will
identify those people who will need to be rezzed during the raid by
typing `/who ranger`. They will make hotkeys for targetting ranger
corpses to save time later.

8. At least 3 hours after the scheduled start of the raid, the monks
will begin to pull. The MA will call target and the melees will hit
whichever monster they feel like attacking at random. At least two
people should start to complain at this point, ensuring that they use
the /shout channel and capslock while doing so, while a further five
people should spam the raid communication channels with comments that
they mistakenly believe to be witty.

9. Several more people gate out of the undisciplined mess, while at
least one person who is not the raid leader tries to take charge of the
raid and get things organized. This person should be on their first raid
to this zone and their advice should be extremely bad, in which case the
entire raid will obey them far more responsively than they respond to
the raid leader.

10. After at least 45 minutes of this, the raid will arrive at the
target monster. The harrassed raid leader will go AFK to take his or her
ulcer medicine, and at this point a minimum of six people who are
seriously underlevel for the raid will show up in the zone without being
invited. These latecomers will then train the raid attempting to get
there in time to take part, except for one of them, who will run the
wrong way and lose his or her corpse somewhere very difficult to get to.

N.B. One of these latecomers is the person who will later win the roll
on the best item of loot. He can be identified by the fact that he is
the only one who is anonymous and cons green.

11. When the raid leader returns, the monster is attacked. Since there
is only one target at this point, the melees need only run towards it,
target it, and, locating the `a` key on their keyboard, press it.
Approximately half of them will manage this successfully.

12. Once the monster has been fully engaged, people will start to ask
for key buffs using the /shout channel. It will also emerge that three
of the clerics are AFK and the only slower has gone LD owing to the
presence of 68 people in the same place on his 56k modem. Despite the
huge numbers attacking a monster which can be killed with one group, the
raid should wipe out.

13. 43 people get rezzed up and rebuff, while the remainder log in
disgust. The person who will later win the roll on the best item of loot
has not yet returned, although he will certainly be back in time for the
loot to be announced.

14. The raid re-engages and the monster dies under sheer pressure of
numbers. (Or possibly of embarassment.) As the monster dies, those
people who are grouped with the most intelligent cleric count the amount
of xp and money they have made over the course of the raid, which is
likely to be considerable. These people are vocal supporters of the
point of view that `raids aren't about loot or xp, you should come along
for the sheer pleasure of it.`

15. The clerics rez the rangers while the raid leader calls out the
loot. There is one worthwhile item, which is /randomed and won by the
melee class identified in sections 10 and 13. Many people say `gratz`,
by which they mean, `you lucky bastard, I deserved to win that.`

16. The lack of good loot should immediately be blamed on the raid
leader, whose ulcer is becoming considerably worse. The raid has now
moved into the second and much longer phase of the raid, known to
experienced raid leaders as the `whining`.

17. Those clerics who have not received their peridot costs, let alone
the chance to roll on any loot in return for the 6 hours they have just
wasted, vow to boycott all pickup raids forever. All future pickup raids
by this raid leader should be cancelled owing to lack of clerics. A
melee should start a rant on Xevserver.com in which he calls these
clerics `selfish`. This melee certainly did not bring any peridots to
the raid.

18. Someone starts a thread on Xevserver.com thanking the raid leader.
This post is viewed 6 times before vanishing without trace.

19. Someone else starts a thread on Xevserver.com flaming the raid
leader. This posts receives 393 responses in the first week and remains
a hot topic for months.

20. It emerges that the person who won the roll on the best item of loot
sold it that afternoon for a very large sum of money.

21. Next week, a guild should assemble and kill the same monster in the
same way - the difference being that the guild should do it with 6
people in 35 minutes flat.

22. Another person should start a thread on Xevserver.com at this point
declaring that guilds shouldn't be allowed to kill monsters because
they'd scheduled a pickup raid to kill it the week after next. Coray
should respond with a detailed, well-thought out and reasonably-worded
post. At this point, because Coray has posted, someone accuses Altera
Vita of threatening to wake the Sleeper. Eighty-four posts later,
everyone agrees that it's all Harm's fault anyway, because Fresca killed
that cheese vendor in 1982.

I hope that this procedure is helpful to you in taking part in your
pickup raid, if you really must go on one. [ ]
**************

Clarification of items in (22)
Coray is a very reasonable person who posts in a logical helpful fashion
on our server boards. He's from <Altera Vita>, arguably one of the most
powerful Tier 2 (If not Tier 1, I've never been clear on that crap)
guilds on our server.

Any mention of <Altera Vita> will lead to a member of a smaller guild
accusing them of threatening to wake the sleeper on Xev. This is
apparently some sort of automated feature in the forum design, as it
apparently can't be avoided.

Any mention of that (or any other "Ooobah Guild" matters) will
inevitably result in a bunch of flames against "Harm" (which is <Legends
of Harmonium>, our resident uberguild.) for no apparent reason. ;-)

Fresca will then be invoked, since he's the member of Harm who stayed on
Luclin to continuously kill the cheese vendor before VI nerfed the
resale price of cheese, because "some people were making too much money
off of it." (This issue, apparently, will NEVER be forgotten while the
server exists, and is guaranteed to be mentioned in three percent of all
board posts, even if they are in the OOC forums and deal with the latest
Star Wars movie. This is also apparently an automated feature of the
message board software and cannot be debugged.) 

-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"As long as we're offering him advice, we could add this: Instead of
taking up tailoring, get a ball peen hammer and whack yourself on the
head every 15 minutes. Over all, it's certainly less painful, and very
probably more productive."
-- Lokari


