From 9103981588390136850
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e446aba23c7b2bb,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 30 Jul 2004 06:12:42 -0500
Date: Fri, 30 Jul 2004 07:12:39 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Berserker Enchanter Duo
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <y66dnbWSxs-3sJfcRVn-oQ@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 107
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.105
X-Trace: sv3-clwX0nbORK5ahh2EUDe+sfsNBq9F/5wzXmShalmca5gdUswReFJCrifTW2zIc7Vp3k5H7F90ld8bSoj!GcSl56/wm7wwvFZYiUQ/DUGaN9DkaJQwMTmG42eOuHAKtjObzgZL73Rx1Z8qU3mlg7yLK347gj11
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.13
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11773

I spend about a third of my life soloing, and a third grouping, the 
remaining third in a duo with an enchanter friend I stumbled across back 
in my 20s.

Thus far its a good team, anything I can take solo I can take at least 
twice as much of per hour duo, plus there's lots of things I can take on 
with enchanter that I couldnt' touch solo.

While the enchanter makes possible really hard kills that I can't take 
on my own, those kills are the kinds that cause us lots of down time for 
me to heal back up, so we tend to do those only every now and then. 
Where she really shines is in turning overpulls into singles; there are 
lots of places I don't go solo, not because I can't kill the mobs, but 
because I end up either zoneing due to pulling multiples, or tanking 
down multiples, which is -much- worse on my hp bar than taking them one 
at a time.

Not only does two mobs hitting me at once mean I take twice the damage, 
I chain stun the mob I'm hitting so I take only about half his normal 
DPS, while the add is hitting me full force; this means I'm actually 
taking three times as much DPS with two mobs on me.

Hasting me increases my DPS, killing the mob faster, which means it has 
less time to do damage to me.  Slowing the mob reduces its DPS.

We have a little ballet, I pull with snare, if its a single she slows 
it, if it doesn't come hit her for that then she roots it and I step 
back a bit while she runs in close for prox aggro to get her pet 
involved.  When she gets hit by either method, I stun the mob and step 
in close, slapping frenzy and disarm, which combined with 4 seconds of 
melee is usually enough to pull the mob off her; at worst the mob is 
snared anyway and she just has to run in circles till I pull it off her 
(I'm mildly concerned that this is the opposite of what many melee will 
tell her to do when aggroed, which is stand still and wait for it to 
come off)

As mana permits, she also stuns (reducing mob DPS, but since we don't 
coordinate on this it doesn't stack perfectly with my chain stunning the 
mob 4 seconds out of every 12, it overlaps sometimes so some of the stun 
is wasted) and nukes (mob dieing earlier means it has less time to do DPS.

Basically, everything we do is focussed on having me take less damage 
per mob, since that can be the bottleneck; with no healer we have to 
rely on my regen, plus bandaging.

I'm annoyed that caster bandage is capped at 100, because with the 
changes to the game she can bandage me while sitting, stacking her 
bandaging on top of mine, but every level this gets less effective.

She does have to balance that against her mana bar, though, because its 
more important to get the basics in on every mob (slow and root) and 
have a reserve for overpulls than it is to get the extras (stun and 
nuke) in on any given one.

Currently, I'm 47 and she's 43, which means her pet is more of a speed 
bump than a serious helpmate, but at many levels its been her biggest 
contribution to most fights other than keeping me hasted; decent damage 
if it gets in there early, plus I can generally back out of a melee if 
I'm getting low on hp or run out of skill axes.  In a messy overpull, it 
helps protect the chanter till things get under control, and unlike many 
melee we group with, it always backs off the instant she gets something 
mezzed.

My difficulty at the moment is in finding good spots to take this duo; 
planes are out since she's too low to zone in, so we are on the hunt for 
places where our pair can perform well, preferably high ZEM zones as we 
both enjoy leveling.  Dulak is our old standby, but we've been there a 
lot and don't like to spend our whole lives in one zone (the Paladul 
syndrome).  Velks is... doable now if I get POK buffed, but there's 
definately sitting around involved.  CC can be fun but its a long run if 
the few camps turn out to be taken.

Where else can we find mobs that hit relatively light (no healer) and 
don't take a ton of effort to get to and back from (if we want to expend 
a lot of effort we generally put a group together, its when we want to 
just casually play a while that we duo)?

Fear kiting is something we've avoided thus far simply because we 
haven't ended up in zones where it seems really viable; places like 
Gunthak you really don't want to follow even snared mobs around while 
they run, you'd end up spending all your mana mezzing the adds.  I know 
how, from long practice in a cleric/ranger duo, and I can see the 
potential being even stronger in this one, since we have no healer so 
not taking damage means a lot more to us than it did to the 
cleric/ranger pair.  I just don't know where, at least until she gets up 
to POD level.

Charm is something else we've neglected to work on; I know that a 
charmed pet puts out a lot more DPS than her animations, but we're a bit 
lacking on tools; my snare will wear off faster than her charm more than 
likely, I haven't got any heals at all to help keep her afloat when 
things are going badly, no taunt so I probably won't be able to peel a 
broken charm mob off her any time soon (amazing aggro on charm break in 
my experience).  Plus my time spent as a bard tells me that melee plus 
charmed mob is really throwing away half the potential of the charmed 
pet, in that the pet should be used to tank, then killed when it gets 
low on hp; this roughly doubles the effective DPS of the charmed pet 
plan.  My ability to do damage from range is fairly wimpy, 34/31 axes 
don't compete with 40/40 double attack plus triple frenzy.  I guess the 
best plan would be for us to effectively solo side by side; she keeps me 
hasted and then she charm kills pairs while I solo my mobs, and we share 
exp plus soak up the two player group bonus tiny as it is.  I think I'd 
win out on that plan, which is unfortunate because she's the one lagging 
behind!

Grage, 47 Berzerk, Luclin



