From 6506590270845294800
X-Google-Thread: fb739,60fd8ffda9c9a1ec
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-08!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Vote early vote often
Date: Tue, 2 Nov 2004 11:02:12 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10ofm7r6d2tcee7@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <4187940B.5050806@dejazzd.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Response
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 77
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:21666


"Lance Berg" <emporer@dejazzd.com> wrote in message 
news:4187940B.5050806@dejazzd.com...

> While there's admittedly a wide range of christian denominations 
> represented, not one of the 9 were anything -but- christian, how exactly 
> is this not an endorsement of a religion?

Two reasons:

1) The Constitution provides two competing principles with respect to 
religion: a) prohibition of state-sponsored "establishment of religion"; and 
b) prohibition of any state sponsored deprivation of the "free exercise" 
thereof. The former does not permit stifling of the latter. A sweet spot 
emerges that says that the state shall neither establish any religion nor 
deprive the free exercise thereof. Tricky line to walk, sometimes, and in 
the raging debates one principle is often ignored by partisans of the other.

2) It's a fact that more people in this country are Christian than not.

Given 2), it's not surprising that you will see more Christians exercising 
their rights to practice their religion. There doesn't appear to be any 
legitimate state interest in prohibiting them from allowing their houses of 
worship to be offered up as a service to the community. This might not be 
true if one could demonstrate that by doing so the state is actively 
"establishing a religion" but I'm not aware of any case that upholds that 
view. Passive allowance of the use of private facilities for a community 
purpose does not amount to a Constitutional "establishment of religion". 
Given this, there doesn't appear to be any reason to invoke principle a), 
particularly if it might violate principle b).

>  I mean, if there was a Buddhist temple or a Cthulhu abattoir, there might 
> be less to quarrel with.

So, your objection is based in part on the fact that it's Christians who are 
providing the service? That viewpoint comes dangerously close to violation 
of principle b). It also suggests to me that you see no inherent threat in 
the provision of private facilities for a community purpose, and I agree.

Both presidential candidates support the well-established view that it is 
Constitutionally permissible for the government to allow faith-based 
initiatives to benefit the greater community, that there is no inherent 
"establishment of religion" in doing so. Rejection of such offers would be 
pointless and counterproductive to the good of the community, so long as the 
government remains blind to the denominations participating (i.e., does not 
try to impose quotas or encourage particular faiths to participate) and 
these services remain passive and religion neutral. The fact that the 
provision of these benefits to the community also constitutes an act of 
Christian charity in furtherance of the free practice of religion, doesn't 
make them Constitutionally impermissible. Banning them would not only be bad 
for the community, it would run the risk of violating b).

I can understand people objecting to having to vote in someone else's 
church. I usually vote in a school and I think I'd feel funny having to vote 
in someone else's church. But if I thought about it, I'd be grateful to the 
church for providing the public service that allowed me to have a 
comfortable place to vote, and I would resist the temptation to want to 
diminish them by objecting to their provision of this service. As long as 
they're not subjecting me to indoctrination, and not gaining any tangible 
benefit from the government as a result of the provision of this service, 
I'll walk out happy with the knowledge that by voting in their church I have 
demonstrated the ability to walk that thin line that keeps church and state 
separate by simultaneously avoiding the "establishment of religion" while 
accepting the "free excercise thereof".

-- 
Winterfury
Dwarven Mystic & Alchemist
Loyal Citizen of Qeynos

Descendant of the Elder Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie






