From -308535784609447398
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,443e54f99cc46224,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-08 08:08:09 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news-hub.siol.net!news-out1.nntp.be!propagator2-sterling!news-in-sterling.newsfeed.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3FD4A175.6020401@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.0.1) Gecko/20020823 Netscape/7.0 (OEM-HPQ-PRS1C03)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Beyond Mudflation: Why NBG doesn't make sense
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 122
Date: Mon, 08 Dec 2003 16:18:43 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.255.6
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1070900323 66.109.255.6 (Mon, 08 Dec 2003 11:18:43 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 08 Dec 2003 11:18:43 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:10752

I've been thinking about this recently, inspired by yet another thread 
on the topic, and I think I have figured out why NBG doesn't work for 
most of EQ.

People will say its Mudflation, as though thats the end of it.  But I 
think its more than that, or rather that its the natural state of any 
MMRPG, not some weird economic glitch brought about by an ever 
increasing "monty haul" syndrom in the release of new modules.

Yes, when a new expansion comes out with gear that is easily attainable 
that is much better than what you could get with similar effort in the 
past, that -does- drop the value of those previous items.  But thats 
Deflation, not Inflation, anyway.

Inflation would come about if a new expansion brought in more Cash, or 
more easily aqcuired cash.  But in general, this hasn't been the case, 
most of the best cash has always been in old world camps, or perhaps 
Kunark era camps, its rare that PP (or items sold to vendors for PP) has 
been significantly increased with an expansion.

Are there items in expansions that people get rich on? Yes, but by 
selling to other players.  The cash itself is coming in the old 
fashioned way at some point: People are looting it off mobs or looting 
items off mobs (principly gems) that they sell to vendors for cash.

The inflation thing is more gradual; lots of money comes IN to the 
economy, and continues to as hill giants and seb bugs and so on continue 
to spawn, but much less goes OUT of the economy; spells, expensive as 
they are at the lower levels, only take so much per player, the high 
ticket ones are drop only so although one player may spend tons of cash 
on one, its going into the pocket of another player, not vanishing from 
the economy entirely. Then you have the occaisional horse being bought, 
and trade skill components... but by and large it seems trade skill 
items get sold back to the vendors for only a slight loss, and really, 
how many players spend large amounts on trade skills, it seems to me 
most players don't do tradeskilling at all.

What I'm thinking about, though, is something more basic, the nature of 
the loot mechanism in a multiplayer game.

Its possible at any level to go out and kill a mob and get something you 
can use to drop.  You'll also get cash.  Between cash and dropped loot, 
you can equip yourself; if you buy off vendors you will get really 
crappy stuff for your level, since the vendors really rip you off 
(selling you items for a tenth of what they buy them for from other 
players).  Things will drop you can't use.  You could sell them to 
vendors, being ripped off seriously again (getting that tenth value). 
But you -could- play the game strictly this way and not be naked.

If you group at this point, NBG makes a lot of sense.  If you loot 
something and use it, its worth 10 times as much to you as it is to your 
buddy who is going to vendor it.

Since there are other players, though, beyond the ones in your group, 
you could sell items to other players for five times what the vendor 
offers (half what they would have to pay the vendor to buy them).  This 
would still be an economy of people all your level, just taking 
advantage of the fact that other players will buy for more and sell for 
less than the vendors will.

At this point, group up, and NBG  still makes sense, as each person is 
getting twice the value out of any item they are going to use as the guy 
who is going to sell it.

But then introduce other people of other levels to the mix.  Now things 
start to get interesting.  Someone ten levels higher than you can kill a 
mob you never will be able to at your level.  And (assuming you aren't 
still first level) you'll be getting loot off mobs someone ten levels 
lower than you can't hope to kill.  If you sell your loot to that guy 
ten levels lower, he'll be seeing a significant upgrade.  Repeat that 
ten times, and spend -all- the cash you get on that item from the guy 
ten levels higher than you got, and -you- get a significant upgrade.

When this becomes the norm, NBG stops making sense entirely.  Whether 
you could wear the item or not isn't the point, since you are going to 
sell it and the next 9 like it to buy that upgrade item.  As everyone 
has an equal need for cash, there is no "need" to take precedence, and 
its not really greed to want a fair shot at everything that drops.

So thats one trouble with NBG.  But here's another: items don't drop for 
all classes on all mobs, or in all camps, even if they do, their value 
isn't equal.  Since its possible to look around and see where items drop 
that will benefit you, its possible to concentrate only on those camps 
where you stand to see drops you "need".  But generally, good groups 
contain a variety of classes.  In order to do well at a given camp, you 
probably end up wanting people who happen not to have good drops 
available there.  If everyone always went to a wide variety of camps 
without regard for which would benefit them, then this wouldn't be a 
factor, but in a NBG system, people who don't do this benefit more than 
the people who don't.  Guilds remedy this problem most often by a 
"points" system where you accumulate credit doing things that don't 
benefit you directly, and then use it up when you do see drops you can 
use.  But groups, particularly pickup style groups, don't have this 
system in place; you get what you get, and thats it.  NBG means the 
person who -doesn't- help his neighbor out is rewarded by more drops for 
his playing time.

Then there's another factor; dissemulation.  Looking at an item which is 
usable by your class but inferior to what you already have in that slot, 
you can either still claim it on a "need" basis, or pass on it.  The 
latter course is the more honest one, but the former will get you an 
item you can sell.  NBG rewards dishonesty.

When a system rewards dishonesty and punishes those who help their 
neighbors, it doesn't look like a very good system, worse still is the 
fact that its -face- is that of the fairest most noble of systems; it 
couldn't be better designed to favor the selfish; everyone will like it, 
the selfish (who stand to benefit) and the selfless (who will feel its 
the most selfless of systems)

The system -will- work in a regular group, where you hopefully have 
honest people who go everywhere together, whatever might drop at each 
spot.  These  people will also benefit from their buddies getting better 
gear.

But just as communism works great in a small family environment, and yet 
collapses from its inability to deal with human foibles such as laziness 
and greed on a large scale, NBG collapses in a Massively Multiplayer 
environment unless you -don't- use it outside small closed groups.

Splendid One, small scale communist, large scale capitalist, Firiona Vie



