From -8253747831903391500
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ae16c085f3dee2fd
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-16 19:25:58 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newshub2.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Complete Luclin Skill List
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <09kbvt8ucjq3sic101kie4fk8i3emvp5g3@4ax.com>
References: <9t336302b22@enews4.newsguy.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 203
Date: Sat, 17 Nov 2001 03:25:57 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1005967557 24.3.225.40 (Fri, 16 Nov 2001 19:25:57 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 16 Nov 2001 19:25:57 PST
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:136569

On Fri, 16 Nov 2001 08:06:07 -0500, "Singha" <Singha@dont.bother.org>
wrote:

>Can't vouch for the source but this is on the SafeHouse board:
>http://pub13.ezboard.com/fthesafehousethebackroomsecretsspoilers.showMessage
>?topicID=8679.topic
>
>If the formatting is messed up it's because this is a cut and paste from the
>board. From what I've read on other sites and boards, at least the magician
>skills (elemental forms) match up.
>
>Exclusive: Luclin Skill Information!

Too many of these are too good to be true though, this makes me think
the entire list is fake.


> Scribble Notes - This ability will reduce the amount of time it takes to
>memorize a song.

But that was why they gave bards meditate finally and it is capped
quite low.


>Acrobatics - This ability will reduce the damage taken from falling.

hello safe fall? Doubt this one severely too unless it only works for 
those who already get safe fall.


>Adv. Trap Negotiation - This ability will reduce the reuse times on sense
>and disarm traps.

Semi believeable.


>Body and Mind Rejuvenation - This ability will give the player 1 additional
>point of mana and hitpoint regeneration.

Would be believeable if it was one or the other, but both for the
price of one? Nope, I don't buy it. Vive le troll or iksar SK
basically.


>Singing Mastery - This ability allows for specialization and improved use of
>the specific instrument type.

Believeable because I think I remember verant mentioning something
like that.


>Mass Group Buff - This ability will turn your next group buff into an
>beneficial area effect spell. Hitting everyone within its radius.

Nope, totally unbelieveable and can't be true. That would make the
whole new ability to target other group buff moot. I don't believe
this one at all.


>Extended Buff - This ability increases the duration of beneficial buffs by
>an additional 20 percent.

Semi believeable except 20 percent sounds way too generous of them on
the bigger buffs which last a long time anyway.


>Bandage Wound - This ability will give the player increased healing
>capabilities through bandage by 10, 25, and 50 percent.

Not believeable, 50 percent increase to bandaging ability would mean
that a player could bandage itself fully. Verant is just not that pro
solo of the melee classes who don't have healing abilities.


>Warcry - This ability will allow the player to give their entire group
>immunity to fear for a period of time based on skill level

>Area Taunt - This ability will allow for the player to taunt everything in a
>small radius.
>
>Rampage - This ability will allow for the player to attack everything in a
>small radius.

All three of those are totally unbelieveable mostly because they seem
stolen from Diablo 2 more or less verbatim. I don't see those
happening in EQ at all, they would make melee types far too powerful
and every boss mob would have to be upgraded once again. 


>Flurry - This ability will allow for the player to have up to 2 additional
>attacks off of their primary hand.

See above, once again this would mean they'd have to totally rebalance
encounters like tormax and statue, etc. 

Some cutting

>Unholy Steed - This ability will give the player the ultimate unholy steed.

Nope, horses are going to cost everyone at least 9 k and no one rides
for free. Totally unbelievable. Everyone who buys the horse will have
a whistle to call it.. they did say maybe the paladin would have a
spell to call the steed but why use it when he has a whistle? The only
way that would make sense to me was if the whistle was not soulbound.
He'd still have to buy the horse though.

stuff cut

>Innate Camouflage - This ability allows the player to become invisible
>without the need to memorize a spell.

Nope, once again takes away the point of some recent additions to the
invis lines such as Improved camo. This would also take away the total
point of them nerfing the insta cast circlet of shadows to something
with a longer cast.. which was the exact reason they nerfed it. 


>2 Hand Bash - This ability will allow the player to bash with any 2-handed
>weapon.

Nope, completely can't be real since one of the whole advantage of
large races is that they CAN already do that. They are not going to
step on that advantage in skill or item form (except for epics, since
by that time they figure you earned it even as a smaller race) This is
also one of the EXACT reasons why they nerfed the old guise of the
deceiver, Abashi said it was NOT just factions but that every large
race warrior got one totally negating some of the advantages of being
a small race dark elf with better factions and the ability to fit into
smaller areas. 

Stepping on other races natural abilities is a BIG no no for verant,
except in the case of bard and rogue guises and enchanter forms or
very high quested/rare items such as the Epic  or cobolt bracers. 
 

>Fearless - This ability makes the player permanently immune to fear spells.

Nope, far too powerful. 


>Holy Steed - This ability will give the player the ultimate holy steed.

Nope, once again horse will be purchased, giving the skill without a
purchase removes the money sink. Horses are also non real but just
graphical representations of increased speed so the "ultimate" would
only be faster. 


>Act of Valor - This ability will allow the player to transfer all of their
>hitpoints to a target PC.

Nope, sounds nice but once again it would totally imbalance epic
chancey raids like tormax and statue, boom sacrifice HP squad making
the main tank stay alive forever which along with clerics taking turns
complete healing would make such encounters cake.

Some cut

>Call to Corpse - Allows the player to cast a no component summon corpse
>spell.

Nope, won't ever happen. The component has the cost for a reason. With
this skill corpse recovery would be a billion times easier on high
level raids and verant is just not about that. Coffins exist for a
reason, to make raids like the Plane of Sky harder and more expensive.
They are in fact even sold on a vendor at the start of the plane.


>Flesh to Bone - Allows the player to turn any non-magical meat or body part
>item into bone chips. You must hold the item on your cursor.

Completely and totally unbelievable, in fact one of the most
unbelievable ones int he list. Bone chips are as semi rare as they are
because they are good xp quest components at low level. My druid has
an easy enough time buying out 300 bone chips at a time from the gfay
newb lift vendor now to use in newbie rapid levelling quests in the
east freep sewer or faction increasing quests. With a skill like this,
she'd also buy out tons of those other mentioned items and turn them
into bone chips, or have them turned that way by the class who could
get the skill. This would be far too easy.

some cut

>Free Pet - This ability removes the component cost of summoning pets.

Nope, once again this is one of the most basic ways in which the game
works and also an accepted part of the economy now. High level necros
buy bone chips in bulk which give low newbies a leg up. This would
remove that and change the game funamentally. This is just plain not
going to happen.

Lots of others cut since at this point its so obvious the list is
mainly bogus. I will lock the list and my response though to see how
close I was  and the list was when Luclin comes out. Some of them
sound quite authentic because they are based upon skills verant said
"MIGHT" exist, some of the ones which fundamentally alter the game
though you can be sure are just not going to happen. For example,
verant mentioned possible skills to increase int or wis a bit  so
those mentioned here could happen in some form but the pet with no
component is not happening.

Email: dstephenathomedotcom
Find the @ and the . if you really need to.


