From -4788543328769493
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d2688eb888fb7aa2,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-03 05:33:47 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: One WEIRD Group
Date: Thu, 03 Jan 2002 08:30:34 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C345CFA.7909331F@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 52
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:152897

With Tiru out of town and my favorite Rogue online, not feeling like
playing my alts, I logged on my warrior and checked to see if any
guildies wanted to go grind out some xp on the hole. The only other
bored person online was a 54 druid. Hrmmm.... warrior-druid. Kind of an
odd combo for the Hole, but I know I can single pull the first six
spawns reliably so I figured, why not? We went in and with druid on
healing and DS/buff duty I started pulling. Worked ok. Then some 52 SK
shows up and wants to join. More firepower! Cool. So now I'm pulling the
first six, plus the two cruisers and warrior from the gate below the
stairs. 

Suddenly the SK has to log, but two more people show up LFG. Chanter and
a cleric. Hrmmm... only one, melee, but ok. I keep pulling the same
mobs, and with the cleric there to heal, the druid is now dotting and
nuking and the chanter has me hasted and is mezzing adds on the gate
pulls. My stack of buff icons is growing rapidly larger. I started
joking around that if we could get a couple more folks I could start
pulling the cruiser and the golem from the balcony. I'm thinking
"rogue.. monk... wizard". Sure enough two more people show up. Another
druid and a shammy.

Ok. Warrior - Druid - Druid - Cleric - Chanter - Shammy. This is just
stupid, I'm thinking. And they're saying, "Pull the golem! Pull faster,
meatshield!"

Fine. I figure the cleric can do a 90 Rez and we're close to the zone
line, so what the fuck. I pull the balcony. ........ And it works. I'm
pulling all eleven spawns from the entry to the balcony. My screen is
full of buff icons, I'm hasted, DS'd, Skins, all sorts of buffs. The
mobs are mezzed, slowed, dotted, nuked.  I'm pulling them so fast we
wind up with downtime between cycles, but the rest of the time I'm just
running and bashing non-stop while the casters all sit in a little
sewing circle up at the entry area waiting for me to bring home fresh
vicitims.

This was one seriously weird group for me, as we normally do the Hole
with several melee and one or two casters tops. But it worked! Hell, it
worked better and more efficiently than our *normal* group could
perform!

Got me thinking... any of you care to share some "unconventional" group
compositions that have worked in tough zones?

Oh, I got within one blue of dinging 53 in a relatively short time, too.
Sadly I had to log before I made it, though. No loot but the xp was
insane.
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"Accomplishing the impossible only means the boss will add it to your
regular duties."
-- Doug Larson


