From 4596482241555774862
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a5b967c67f9af4e,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-04-07 17:30:02 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!brick.direct.ca!quark.idirect.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Busker" <busker@no.spam.flashmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Fiction contribution:  critiques welcome
Lines: 121
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Message-ID: <udOz6.5297$t44.56779@quark.idirect.com>
Date: Sat, 7 Apr 2001 20:18:19 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.154.58.12
X-Complaints-To: abuse@look.ca
X-Trace: quark.idirect.com 986689498 216.154.58.12 (Sat, 07 Apr 2001 20:24:58 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 07 Apr 2001 20:24:58 EDT
Organization: Look Communications - http://www.look.ca
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:64172

Oloth zhah tuth abbil lueth ogglin (1)

It began one afternoon. She had been a relatively happy child . . . or so
she had thought. Happiness is relative to the worst one has felt. The
children in the neighbourhood would tease her about her colours, mocking
her. Her parents advised her that there were worse things in life - she
believed them. They glossed over it all quite smoothly, as though they had
expected these problems. She never understood why they showed her such
disdain. She knew Erudites, even half-breeds, were not loved in Qeynos. She'
d even met one but he played well with the other teens, well accepted.

" You're not one of them, you know." She turned, startled. She saw nothing.
Perhaps it was just one of those conversations she held in her head. She
walked on. " I knew your mother." She stopped dead in her tracks. She
refused to turn around, knowing now that it had to be one of the other teens
trying to get under her skin. She knew that if she turned and made eye
contact that she risked the tears. She would not give them that. " You look
so much like her." Bastard. The tears started but she bit her lip 'til they
were arrested. Her hand slipped smoothly into the lower seam of her vest
where she had hidden the shank she'd made. " I would like to tell you about
her." Tell me what, she wondered, that she was a drunken whore? A
prostitute? She'd heard their accusations before and would never hear them
again.

She spun in place and threw the blade toward the source of the voice.
Simultaneously realizing that the voice was *not* that of a teen, but an
older man. Too late. She saw where the blade was flying but still saw naught
but shadows. A hand leapt out from them and caught the blade. " My girl, you
are truly your mother's daughter. That would have taken out my eye." The
hand was dark, and not without wrinkles. He was Tier'Dal. She should have
fled from this dark invader and sounded an alarm.

They met later, when it was safe. When they would not be hanged for being
seen. She'd never even known of the Catacombs before. His name was J'axla
and he was her grandfather. He told her, over time, of a missive he had
received in Neriak. He himself had been imprisoned in Neriak with no hope of
escape.

" She had been travelling, that was her way. Never in the same spot twice,"
he smiled, eyes far away. " It was her first time in Qeynos and she decided
that she wanted a taste of some Bayle's jewels. She could have done it, she
was that good. Some local punk had the same fantasy, but he was a clumsy,
pale idiot." She couldn't help but snicker with him. " She was almost
finished when he fell from the windowsill. In his panic to get out, he
prevented her exit and the guards came upon them. The boy fought and died.
Good riddance. She saw that she was out manned and surrendered, knowing that
it would be in her benefit and might allow her a chance for later escape.

" She was imprisoned but after just a few hours and, before the guard dozed,
her door flew open. Blinded in the sudden daylight, she was grabbed by a
couple of men and dragged past an unconscious watchman. Into another room,
where a robed man cast a spell upon her. When she awoke, she was in a
different cell. This one was dank and stunk of urine. It felt like the
Catacombs."

J'axla skimmed the remaining details. She did not press. It seemed as if
some of the finer details may have not been in the letter at all, but pieced
together from his own investigations. Apparently, her mother had been
brought down to the Catacombs by some cult with the intent of impregnating
her for some ritual. " She never gave a name but could say, from his
demeanour and speech, that he was military and educated. For months they
kept her until one day one of her keepers became careless. She was bound
loosely enough that she could reach the lock pick buried in her hair. She
freed herself and opened the lock to the door. One central torch burned and
there were still too many guards around. Waiting, she identified four
different voices. Retreating back to the cell, she retrieved her
seldom-emptied waste bucket." His eyes began to shine a bit with pride, and
she suspected there might be some embellishment. " She crept up the hall,
away from the guards when another turned the corner and spied her. They
charged and she doused the torch with the contents of the bucket. In the
darkness they were crippled. Disarming the first, they all fell to their
comrade's blade." Four, no, five guards? He saw the look. " Five guards," he
repeated. " Your mother was very able." No more were slain that night. She'd
been too pregnant and was still too lost to risk the combat. There in the
Catacombs, full of shadow, she was in her element and found an exit.

The gods were both laughing and crying that day. When she entered the
streets of Qeynos, weak with hunger and slightly wounded, she fell into the
hands of the City Guards. Not recognizing her, she was apprehended merely
for trespassing on their lands. Despite her condition, she was cast out of
the city and took refuge in an abandoned cottage out of the city. For as
long as she was able, she crept back into the city to steal food from the
citizens and stockpile a bit for when the pregnancy took her over. " It was
during this time that she wrote me for the first time."

The child had been born during the winter months. The birth had been long
and painful, too painful. A single scream had escaped her lips and drew a
charwoman's presence. " She took pity on your mother in her condition and
assisted the birth. It was a complicated birth and..." He left the rest
unfinished but added, " She wrote once more after that. You were lucky to
have been a half-breed at that point. It saved your life. If you had been
any more like your mother, you'd have been taken from the charwoman and
banished. Left to die."

" Grandfather?" It was awkward. It was the first time she'd ever called him
that. " I want you to teach me to. to be like her."
" Shebali(2)," he hesitated. It was a nickname he had given her. She thought
it to be a term of endearment; from the way he used it. " I have seen how
able you could be, but I don't know. It is a not a life like you have known
here."
She had already just heard the worst of what could happen. " Please, Ul'
Ilharn(3)," her eyes pleading. He saw the shunning, the alienation, the
need. She waited until his answer came. He was caught aback, not even
realizing she'd been absorbing his language.
" Xas(4)."

A silence fell upon them. There was one question she had not been able to
bring herself to ask J'axla, and he had not yet offered.

" What was her name?" she asked.
" Lannella," came the soft reply
" Then it will be mine, too."

-----------------------------------
(1) "Darkness is both friend and enemy", Tier'Dal proverb
(2) Rogue
(3) Grandfather
(4) Yes





