From 2154263597430783149
X-Google-Thread: 1efecb,a882b9027906a19e
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a882b9027906a19e
X-Google-Attributes: gid1efecb,gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!uni-berlin.de!not-for-mail
From: Marcel Beaudoin <mbeauINVALID@sympaINVALIDtico.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.coh,alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: "Why Virtual Worlds are Designed By Newbies"
Date: 4 Nov 2004 15:39:53 GMT
Lines: 101
Message-ID: <Xns95976AE9C6C63mbeausympaticoca@130.133.1.4>
References: <slrncoj2ri.sqe.robotech@terrania.homelinux.org>
X-Trace: news.uni-berlin.de sds0+nTUYXShqHvYdSINdgd3gjjPaWJCYDPr+WhvA0Mr6+NixR
User-Agent: Xnews/06.08.25
X-real-email: mbeau@sympatico.ca
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.coh:5728 alt.games.everquest:21875

Robotech_Master <robotech@eyrie.org> wrote in 
news:slrncoj2ri.sqe.robotech@terrania.homelinux.org:

> Came across this very interesting article, and the points it made
> seemed awfully familiar to me from my time playing CoH...
> 
>     http://www.gamasutra.com/features/20041103/bartle_pfv.htm

As someone who (admittedly) is a newbie to MMOGs, I am going to go 
through and add my completely off-the-cuff comments on what he wrote.

Point #1: Virtual worlds live or die by their ability to attract newbies
My comment - Really?? Wow. That is such a groundbreaking new idea I am 
surprised that no-one has thought of it before.

Point #2: Newbies won't play a virtual world that has a major feature 
they don't like.
My Comment - See my comment to point #1. However, this point doesn't just 
apply to newbies. It applies to pretty much all players.

Point #3: Players judge all virtual worlds as a reflection of the one 
they first got into.
My comment - This is, again, a no brainer. No-one goes into something 
with no preconceptions. Everyone will compare it to something. Be it what 
they liked or didn't like about a previous game(s). It is how we decide 
whether something is good or not. EVerything is relative.

Point #4: Many players will think some poor design choices are good.
My Comment - And who decides what is good or bad?/ The players who are 
paying $$$ to play the game, or the developers who are trying to tell the 
players what is good for them?? Admittedly, the devs have a fine line to 
walk here, and the line shifts from day to day, as they mostly hear from 
the whiney people, who are not necessarily a good indication of the pulse 
of the game.

Then I get to his newbie induction, and I get the idea that Mr. Bartle 
falls under the heading of people who are so enlightened that they can 
tell what people want, despite the masses telling differently. His first 
three points are such a basic assumption that I am astonished that he 
bothers to mention them. Imean, I read them and had to go back over the 
section a couple of times again to make sure that I hadn't missed 
something. They are one of those things that people go "yeah, and your 
point is..." to. The fourth point is almost to that category, but not 
quite. It falls under the heading of "I don't care what you like, I am 
going to give you what i have decided you should like". While that is a 
decision that the devs are free to make, the players are also free to 
decide that what the devs decide is a good idea is actually a bad idea 
and vote by going somewhere else.

I think that he also makes a mistake when he says that good ideas don't 
propogate as well as bad ideas. I think that that statement crap. I don't 
know if he is going by the assumption that other designers aren't going 
to play other MMORPGs. Does he think that the devs for CoH didn't play 
EQ, UO, and any number of other MMORPGs before/while designing CoH to see 
what worked well and what didn't. He also makes a majo logic mistake. If 
players leave one world because of a feature, they are not going to stay 
in another world because of that same feature. If anything, it will cause 
them to leave the new world even faster. Think about it. You leave game X 
because of the accents of all of the voice-actors. (To use a silly 
example). You go to Game y, and it is completely different. Style, 
gameplay, UI, everything. However, they hired the same actors and use the 
same style of voice acting. You thinkn that because it is the only thing 
that is familiar, it will go from being a reason to leave to a reason to 
stay?? Come on. If anything, the fact that you already think that it is 
annoying will make it hit the annoying point even that much sooner. THis 
will, of course, also have the side effect of forcing new innovations 
that game y came up with farther into the background.

Then he comes up with PermaDeath. People play MMORPGs to disconnect from 
reality a little bit. To escape the drudge of everyday life and become a 
spandex wearing superheroine, or a smelly, tusk faced ork barbarian, or a 
Jedi Knight. They get connected to their characetrs and want to play them 
long term. They don't want to be forced to start all over again for the 
result of a simple mistake. The only way that you could get away with PD 
in the current market (and have it central to a game) is to have the rest 
of the game be so absurdly easy that the risk of permadeath is extremely 
small.

Instancing. He seems to feel that instancing has to be an all-or-none 
proposition. Believe it or not, there is a comfortable middle ground.


In the end, he comes across as being far too preachy for my taste. I get 
very much the impression "I know what you should like. If you disagree 
with me, you are wrong, go somewhere else moron." to me.

He seems to be saying that to cater to newbies is bad, that by doing so 
only ruins games and is a path to ruin. That is complete and utter bull-
pucky. The newbie player is who the designers are aiming for. If you only 
go after the oldbie, the player-base is extremely limited, and only gets 
diluted out and is static. Bringing in the newbie results in fresh POVs, 
fresh ideas, more $$$ to their bottom line.


-- 
Marcel
Araura - L8 Empathy/Dark Blast Defender on Infinity
Cocottus - L15 Energy/Energy Blaster on Infinity
Moogli - L7 Dark Melee/Dark Armor Scrapper on Infinity
Maharasha - L5 Katana/SR Scrapper on Infinity
Arturo - L4 BS/SR Scrapper on Infinity


