From -559218881813238184
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b2c885a5f158ca22
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-29 04:52:15 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newspeer.monmouth.com!news-xfer.newsread.com!bad-news.newsread.com!netaxs.com!newsread.com!grr!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3D96E70E.556F7F0E@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Druids almost got CH.
References: <LjVk9.947$hT3.2581@nntpserver.swip.net> <3D963EB8.D80F069B@yahoo.com> <ZUyl9.21840$g73.610026@twister.tampabay.rr.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 151
Date: Sun, 29 Sep 2002 11:46:41 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.252.210
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1033300001 66.109.252.210 (Sun, 29 Sep 2002 07:46:41 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 29 Sep 2002 07:46:41 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:234303



Wolfie wrote:

> "Annie M. Benson-Lennaman" wrote
>
> > I don't play the high end game yet, but this strikes me
> > complete BS.  How dependent are high level clerics on
> > pickup groups?  Hell, I'm only 34, and I could pretty much
> > always group with guildees and friends I've made
>
> Just like any other class, some people do mostly guild or
> friend groups and some people do pick-up groups.  At the
> high-end, you'd be surprised how many people solo for XP or
> take minimal groups.
>

Pickup groups are their own special brand of fun, frankly.  Yes,
they rarely if ever work as well as groups of friends or even
guild groups, largely because of the "well oiled machine"
phenomenum. You get to know people, you get used to their
quirks and the unique features of their characters (oddly,
one cleric is not identicle to the next, just similar, equipment
choices can make quite a difference) and your tactics improve
and you put together tactics that are specific to your group.
With a pickup group, you are learning all that stuff while you
fight.  While this generally means you don't do as well as
you would with a more established group, its also less tedium,
more actively engaging the thought process.

>
> > My friends would NOT kick me out of a full group because
> > a_random_druid_049 came up and asked if they could have a
> > spot, or /shout LFG.  And were I to go to a zone and /shout LFG,
> > I doubt that many groups who are lacking healing powers would
> > huddle together and say "Naw, let's hold out for a druid!".
>
> Neither is hardly the point.  Of course people don't kick group
> members out because a "better" class comes along.  And, obviously,
> a group waiting for a healer is going to take the first one that
> comes along that can heal sufficiently.  But most zones only hold
> so many groups.   And if none of those groups need a healer because
> they're all full, you LFG, right?  Meanwhile, a group will take a
> shaman (buffs and slow and backup heals) or another druid (snare
> and nuke) if they have a druid healer already.
>

If you already have a druid, you don't take another because of
his snare capability.  Heck, if you have a ranger, necromancer,
shadowknight or bard you don't take a druid because of his
snare capability.  You only need one snarer, and for most
purposes, he doesn't have to be a good snarer (Ensnare IS
the king of snares, I'll grant you) because all he has to do
is stop runners for 20 seconds.

You might take a druid when you already have a shaman or
cleric, for the snare... but not a second druid.

If you are going to take a druid over a cleric, its going to be
for what he can uniquely contribute.  Thats snare, DS, nuke,
POTC, DOTs... well snare is only important if you have
no snarer, and thats not too likely.  DS, only one druid
is useful, and if you have a mage, no druid is useful.  POTC,
again, only one druid is useful.  DOTs, well if you are fighting
"low blues" DOTs are a waste of mana and time... or just
time if you only use clicky.  That leaves nukes.  Nuking
low blues is also a waste of time and mana, really, nukes are
for killing stuff you can't afford to have beat on you for
long, or used because you have no better use for your mana.
In other words, if you do happen to have a second druid,
he's nuking, but its because he has nothing better to do
and is there anyway, you don't take him because of his
nukes.  The other thing druids do is heal.  You take him
for a backup healer... but if that was the only thing you
wanted him for, you'd certainly take the cleric instead.

>
> The "problem" with the new heals is that clerics just don't stack
> well, even with the new hammer.  You can take two druids, for
> instance, and one could heal while one can snare and nuke and
> backup heal.  The only thing clerics do really well is heal.  And
> that's no longer needed in high-end XP groups fighting low blues,
> if it ever was.

Rather than take two druids, or two shaman, or two clerics,
you should take one from column A and one from column
B.   Prior to Incomplete, you'd prefer cleric plus one or
the other... now there's no real reason to prefer any given
combination, they each have their advantages.

Cleric plus Druid.  Cleric has most mana efficient heals,
and decent (if far from phenomenal) melee damage output,
in exp grind groups melee is king anyway.  Druid has
DS, heals more than adequate to backup heal, snare,
and even the ability to root and DOT adds as a form
of crowd control arguably superior to mezzing.

Cleric plus Shaman.  Again, cleric heals are more
efficient, so there's going to be less down time
waiting for healer mana.  Shaman has slows and
haste and more than adequate backup healing,
and can lay in some melee damage to boot, or
likely has the good old JBB to pound out
damage that doen'st use mana (so doesn't
contribute down time)

Shaman plus Druid.  OK, so the heals aren't as
efficient, but there's two of you to share the
load, probably best to have druid as main healer
and leave the shaman as slower, then have
shaman do the between fights patching up.  At
any rate, this combination is the one thats
most damaging for the "who wants a cleric"
contingent, since it yeilds slow, haste, DS,
and snare all in one tight package, and with
those capabilities, you shouldn't need the
more efficient heals coming off the cleric, unless
you are going after really tough mobs.

Funny thing, though, recent changes to the
exp system actively encourage you to go
after tough mobs for your daily grind, instead
of sticking to low blues as suggested here.
While the arguements are true for low blue
grinding... if you were all that concerned
about efficiency, you'd go after high blues
instead!  With a cleric and backup healer,
high blues aren't all that much harder to
kill, and the exp is better and the drops
are better.

So while adding just Incomplete to druids
and shaman might have seriously damaged
cleric ability to get into pickup groups,
adding melee capability and better reward
for harder kills should go a long way towards
leveling that back out.

Its still a hit, no doubt about that, but only
insofar as you might have a druid in a group
(or shaman... ) and decide not to take a
second healer at all; adding in another rogue,
for example, would almost certainly be a better
plan!  Prior to this, you'd want a second healer
because the druid was going to get in serious
trouble trying to keep up.

Bergh "we didn't even discuss what happens
when the druid gets heal aggro... hope those
are LOW blues" Brelltender



