From 948724839244263800
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c3ee250aadc572a2,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 14 Oct 2006 21:27:50 -0500
Date: Sat, 14 Oct 2006 22:25:48 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: String theory
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <du-dnRkSJNE6AazYnZ2dnUVZ_uidnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 96
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.29.47
X-Trace: sv3-lB6yooFPYMZEiE8/M6aQPcA32GNCj75t/VowbEt8bUwp19DPF+56mIsKpsMYCdHC5pMqCnrnc03h/g/!WC1RdBmAODfXvz+jAxz3X7JU1aVVn3NR8L39lJHEv49b8hh/CfQmiPOKSNAXWOd917HaXdofuaKq!41ghFqbCRA==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:4237

When I was a wee gnome in my late 40s, Kunark opened up to the folks of 
Combine and in we all rushed.  One of the first things I did was go help 
a monk friend get a pipe from the warlord of Karnors Castle.  I say one 
of the first things; the first thing was to go to the vendors in the 
Overthere outpost and buy all the spells for an SK, and otherwise 
explore the place.  I was apprehensive, while most of my previous 
characters were KOS.  Bound at the soulbinder, as the outpost is fairly 
central to both the remainder of Kunark and the old world zones likely 
to be hit by a raid.

That would be the last time I could shop for myself in the Outpost; one 
day's hunting in KC was enough to make me dubious.

I worked a bit at collecting braids trying to raise my faction, but 
there always seemed to be better things to do.  Then, suddenly and 
without warning, they changed Captain Rotgrime, or Hide, so that he was 
no longer fooled by Hide.  He doesn't accept braids from people he's 
dubious about, but by starting the trade, then hiding, I was able to 
complete the trade while indifferent, due to the peculiar nature of hide 
and invisibility and faction.

As I see it, there are now only two ways for someone dubious to get his 
faction up; have someone else cast invis to undead on you once the trade 
has started (and at four braids for one faction hit, thats going to take 
someone pretty dedicated to re-invis you for a lot of hand ins) or kill 
Faydedar a lot of times.  I've killed the fish four times now and I'm 
still Dubious.  I guess you could also charm Captain Rotgrime, but he's 
a pretty tough mob and has a lot of friends, killing him for mage epic 
tends to involve a lot of deaths and retries, charming him to let 
someone hand in braids sounds, well, silly, at least in a world with no 
aa, max level of 60, and velious era gear.

But there is one other way I'd read about, although it seemed very 
unlikely I'd ever get to try it.

Last night we went in to the plane of Fear to hunt for some epic drops, 
still playing catch up with half the guild.  On our last kill, Terror 
dropped, among his loot, an oddball little toy called Puppet Strings. 
Ten charges of charm.  People were laughing about it, threatening to 
charm each other, or to use it to charm Tunare and clear the plane of 
Growth... but I saw it differently.

"Wow, says I, thats OT Hammers for all the melee in the guild!"  Which 
was, to be sure, overstating the case, we have significantly more than 
10 melee in the guild.  But I wasn't expecting it to be droppable, I 
thought it was a hammer for one person, and was prepared to bid pretty 
high to make that person be me.

One of my SK friends (I've mentioned, I think, that the guild is very 
top heavy with SK) explains that I've volunteered to mastermind the 
hammer operation... she's dedicated to evil in her way.  So I get 
ordered to loot the strings (at least theres' no DKP expended) and have 
to put together the effort.

Well, after some false tries and the like, we finally got it together. 
A ranger pulled the Foreman all the way over to the SF zone line, and we 
hailed him to keep him locked in place while the Dragoon who came along 
for the fun wandered off.  (yes, there were repeated instances of people 
getting aggroed by the dragoon and dragging him back to us and so on, 
despite our spamming the ooc channel in Overthere and Skyfire with 
warnings.  People just don't listen)

The enchanter tashed the foreman, I charmed him and handed him a jade, 
OT hammer just like that.  Handed the strings over to a monk guildmate, 
who had a resist, then we got entangled in some more dragoon fun, after 
which I handed him my charisma steins and he managed to get the job done 
eating a couple more charges.  He handed the strings and steins off to a 
second monk who blew a couple more charges, then to a ranger who went 
thru whatever was left without success.

Another SK who came along turned out to have misunderstood something 
about the question, she was already amiable and got her hammer without 
any fuss at all:)

So, a far cry from teh 10 hammers we first envisioned, but still, good deal.

If we get another, I think we'll make a point of having both Malaiser 
and OOSer on hand as well, get that resist down to very very low, and 
buff the charisma of the Stringers still further; blowing charges is a 
real waste of a limited resource.

I pounded on a passing tiger a few times, procced and boom, showed up on 
the further of the two ships on shore in the Outpost.  And went to bed.

Today, when I ran out of time and our TOV raid was still going on, I 
used it again.  Sure, I could have gotten a TL out, but what fun would 
that be?  Raid buffed, one hit one proc.

With the 6 hour Return Home button, its no longer the extremely useful 
item it once was, but it does open up a lot of possibilities where I 
don't actually want to log just yet.  And I spent most of the past 
couple months bound in Overthere, so I'm used to getting places from there.

Now if I can just get faction up high enough to shop there again!

Berg, 60 SK with Worker's Sledgemallet, Combine


