From -4780430597420941315
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4b5f6fadb7badcac,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews2.google.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 47: Groumont the Rujarkian
Date: 25 Aug 2004 07:35:07 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 164
Message-ID: <cgi82r$4j7@odak26.prod.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: odak26.prod.google.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1093444508 19137 127.0.0.1 (25 Aug 2004 14:35:08 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 25 Aug 2004 14:35:08 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14597

Tales of Loral
Chapter 47: Groumont the Rujarkian

Brog's hands shook when he entered the cavern Groumont used as his
command post. No one ever knew how the orc general would act when given
bad news.

"How goes weapons production," the huge general asked at once.

"Not well. Only half of our warriors are armed. It will be two months
before we have met our goal." Brog prepared for the worst. He witnessed
the instant beheading of his predecessor over a similar problem. He
would run, he decided, and damn the boars that would surely gore his
legs and rip into his back. "Did you shift the miners to metal smith
work?"

"Yes, M'lord."

"And the armorers?"

"Also refocused. We forge only weapons now." Brog's eyes went to the
great axe that sat at the arm of Gromount's throne. It was almost as
tall as the goblin slaves who worked over a table of food to the west
of the cavern. A huge bone handle carved with wicked looking runes
protruded from a wide axe head notched and scratched from contact with
a thousand enemies.

The axe had been given the name "Kneesplitter" when his troops had seen
Gromount charge a hill giant on his favorite boar mount and cut off the
giant's leg at the knee in one swing. On his return charge, the orc
general cut off the top of the giant's massive head just above the
bridge of the nose.

Gromount's fingers gently stroked the tip of the bone handle.

"Well done, Brog. Increase their rations and tell them the great leader
smiles upon them."

"Sir. We are limited on rations already."

"Take the rations from the slaves that dig into the mountain. Have a
team slaughter them and have the cooks add them to our food stores. We
no longer need their services."

Brog was disgusted with the thought of eating goblin meat but the logic
from the old general was flawless. He turned and after one last look at
the axe he left.

***

For weeks Wayfarer spies had returned with new findings of the orc
activities in the western mountains of Ro. Hundreds of orc-filled caves
had been discovered. These were not the same tribes that called the
baking desert their home, these were larger, smarter, and far better
organized. For every new cave they discovered there were two more they
hadn't found. There was no known number of the orc army but it was
indeed an army. Freeport was in danger. The caves were only a few miles
from the city.
The Rujarkian Priest

Loral's mind showed him a vision of a plague of orcs, thousands of
them, flooding out of the caves of the Commonlands and tearing through
the corrupt and disjointed city of Freeport in a matter of hours.
Freeport wasn't known for its stability but it was the largest trading
port of all of Norrath. Defeat to the Rujarkian orcs would mean
instability for everyone else. And there was no negotiation.

Loral had been researching the travel of the Grozmok stone and his
clues had brought him here. He didn't know if the Rujarkian orcs had
possessed the stone or still did but he had seen what the stone had
done to the Troll shaman and knew its power would feed an evil such as
the thick-skinned orcs. These orcs were far more powerful than any he
had seen and the twisting magic of the stone was a simple explanation.
When it was offered to him, Loral accepted the job of clearing out one
of the smaller orc tunnels and returning with any clues of invasion he
might find.

The cave was almost invisible from the outside. Stonehewer, who had
little need or desire for subtlety or stealth stepped into a gathering
of three large orcs circled around a fire and a particularly foul
smelling stew. He impaled one of them on the sharp points of his
double-bladed sword. The other two reacted at once. One of these orcs,
armored under thick plates of iron, drew a huge jagged sword and the
other, cowled in runed leather, fell back and began chanting in a dark
guttural language.
The Rujarkian Priest

Following the dwarf's lead, the rest of the party rushed into the
melee. The fair-skinned enchantress, Kaylessa, chanted her own magic
and covered the runed orc priest in dazzling lights. The orc's hands
stopped and its dark magic fizzled. The other orc attacked with the
strength and fury of an enraged bear. He launched a huge two handed
cut. Stonehewer, agile even for a dwarf, sidestepped. The blade cut
deep into the stone floor. Two arrows from Llyan's bow stabbed deep
into the orcs shoulder. Stonehewer opened up the orcs throat with a
horizontal cut and black blood sprayed across the cavern walls.

***

Reports came to Gromount every minute with the progress the troublesome
adventuring group had made. Twenty of his soldiers, six of his prized
war-boars and a dozen goblin warrior slaves had been cut down.
Gromount's orders were clear. He must destroy the intruders himself.
The Rujarkian Lord

Gromount reached for Kneesplitter, the runed bone handle fitting his
hands like a natural extension, and with a roar to Zek (whichever Zek
god was listening, the general wasn't picky in his prayers) Gromount
stormed down the sandstone halls.

***

Stonehewer was calmly wiping the blood of his latest victim from his
shining blade when the roaring Rujarkian general burst into the room.
The dwarf just had time to raise his shield before the massive axe
would have split him in two. Even defended, the blow sent Stonehewer
skidding across the stone floor and smashing into two crates of
questionable rations. Llyan's eagle eye aimed and he fired two arrows
at the rampaging orc. With amazing dexterity the orc general dodged one
arrow and cut the other in half mid-flight with the great axe.

Vamcill, the fellow dwarven paladin of Brell, rushed forward and
smashed his sturdy shield into the orcs chest. The orc didn't move but
responded by punching the dwarf's shield and sending the second dwarf
skidding into the boxes of rations. Both dwarves were up and rushing
back into battle as Juror the barbarian shaman finished casting his own
spell. A cloud of stinging insects flooded over the orc general but the
general, wise to such tactics, closed his eyes and mouth and waited for
the cloud to pass before breathing again. Juror cursed.
The Rujarkian Lord

The delay was enough to turn the battle. Llyan fired three more arrows
and all three hitting their mark. The orc wheeled around in fury and
faced the lithe ranger. With his flank open, Vamcill swung low and cut
deep into the rear of the general's knee with his black bladed
scimitar. The blade flashed red as it cut through the skin, muscle, and
tendons of the orc's leg. The general, howling in pain and continued
rage, fell to one knee. With a cut he was getting more and more used
to, Stonehewer sent the general's scowling head high into the air on a
geyser of black tainted blood.

***

Two days later Loral had returned to Felwithe to research the dusty
tomes and flaking scrolls he had collected. Each scribbling of the
puzzle floated, formed, and broke apart in his mind. Exhausted, Loral
put out the large yellow candle that had dripped over his wooden desk
and onto the floor below. Still clothed, he fell onto his bed and was
instantly asleep. Loral did not find the answer to his puzzle in his
conscious mind. He found it in his dreams.

It was the stone. It filled his mind all at once in a rush. The Grozmok
stone stood out in a void of blackness. Its power radiated out from it
like black sunlight. Sparks of energy traced over the ancient dark
runes carved on its surface. It growled low in his mind, calling for
beings of evil to unite in an old and horrible language. Beings of
evil, vampires, orcs, demons, and the minions of the undead bubbled up
to the surface of Norrath like infected boils.

Loral shot awake but the vision was not broken. Three thoughts became
as clear as glass. The stone was alive. The stone was near. The stone
must be destroyed.
On the chair across from Loral's bed, the burning shield sat quietly.



