From 1008044745813664955
X-Google-Thread: fb739,df86f1d504b3f51e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!pd7cy1no!shaw.ca!pd7tw1no.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
X-Trace-PostClient-IP: 70.68.163.157
From: 42 <42@nospam.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Why the gear you loot sucks.
Message-ID: <MPG.1bb95163f17d36fe989757@shawnews>
References: <n8OdnTRPR9tHPNLcRVn-ig@dejazzd.com>
Organization: na
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-15"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
User-Agent: MicroPlanet-Gravity/2.70.2061
Lines: 162
Date: Tue, 21 Sep 2004 04:45:58 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.59.144.74
X-Complaints-To: abuse@shaw.ca
X-Trace: pd7tw1no 1095741958 64.59.144.74 (Mon, 20 Sep 2004 22:45:58 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 20 Sep 2004 22:45:58 MDT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17475

In article <n8OdnTRPR9tHPNLcRVn-ig@dejazzd.com>, emporer@dejazzd.com 
says...
> I'm seeing this argument rage again, and I thought I'd try and split it 
> off into a thread.

Cool. 

> 
> Gear you loot sucks, because it drops off a mob you can kill.


No. Gear you loot sucks because you can easily get drops off of what 
higher level people can kill. There is a difference.

The first few waves of players on a no-transfer server are quite content 
with the loot they obtain from mobs they killed.

In other words the gear they looted, didn't suck. 

What they couldn't use they might have traded around; but by and large 
at least half their slots were from self-looted items; and the other 
half from items they traded using items they personally looted for in 
trade.

And this was in EQ, with the drop rates in EQ, as they are. Clearly your 
theory that they'd have to x10 the drops isn't inherently required. 
People will be happy with the best they can get. The problem with EQ is 
the best they can get is actually what *somebody else* can get... and 
that is *stupid*.
 
> Since you end up killing hundreds of mobs in order to level, and 
> repeating that for many many levels, if every mob you killed dropped 
> something you could use, that would mean 100s of items rotting.

Sure. OK. Out of curiosity; what's wrong with that? 100% of the mobs 
with the wood spider model from 1-50+ drop a stupid femur or carapace 
virtually nobody needs 100% of the time... and they rot and no one 
cares... other than its a pain to clean up corpses. (So we need a more 
efficient way of dealing with nodrops on corpses).

> So say you have 30 places to put gear.  To upgrade every slot once per 
> level, one in three mobs you kill should drop something you can use... 

> IF you happen to come up with the right drops to cover every location. 
> So we'd better triple that, oops, we're back up to every mob dropping 
> something you could theoretically use.
> 
> Most people seem content to upgrade their gear about once every 10 
> levels or so, as long as rather than all at once, its spaced out over 
> time.  So you can cut the drops to a tenth what they were and still be 
> ok.  BUT not every piece is good for every class or type or race or 
> simply player preference.  Since some are good for multiple classes or 
> races and so on, lets round off to just needing ten times as many drops 
> in order to cover everyone.  Ooops, thats back to every mob drops something.
> 
> But now for every 150 drops you are using 1, the rest are rotting.

Again, what is wrong with the rotting? This is typical even on most mid-
level raids. Someone loots the droppable stuff 99% of which is only 
merchant fodder, or usable on budget-minded-twinks.

In diablo2 99.9% of loot rots because its not even worth hauling back to 
sell. Rotting loot hasn't ruined the game. In AC1 vast amounts of loot 
rots because its only worth picking up the choice bits. (AC1 is another 
game where its possible to itemize yourself decently by looting!)

> Unless we make it so you can trade the items with your friends. 
> Suddenly the whole equation goes out the window, because we're back to 
> ever drop you can either use or trade.

Except you only have so many slots to loot it; and there isn't a high 
potential of finding someone else who needs it because they are easily 
finding equivalent stuff on their own... as you note below...

> But wait, what if instead of trading it for another item, you use a 
> currency instead; now you don't have to find a halfling paladin who 
> needs a helmet upgrade -and- happens to have something you need; you can 
> just sell it to the first haffer pally you see and then use the cash to 
> buy what you want.  Same final effect but without the horse trading in 
> between.


Actually; not even close. The 65th level time geared player has a need 
for pp; he has little interest in your bronze weapons that you'd be able 
to come up with at level 10, even if you had 5 backpacks full of them. 
Currency adds too much grease to an out of control economy. Dropping it 
back to trades with 'commodity currency like gems and silks (which 
require space, and have a finite value) would slow down the economy 
considerably. There was a time in EQ at the end game where currency was 
worthless and people were largely only interested in trades for the good 
items. It wasn't a bad thing.

The 'same' final effect may have been possible; but it wasn't a trivial 
5 minute trip to hte bazzaar to realize. If you want to convert your 
backpacks of bronze to an uber sword in a barter system it will take a 
significant investment of time to work with that economic system.

At some stage it becomes equally efficient to go out and just level and 
loot new gear than it is to try and hawk your bronze swords for 
commodity items (gems, silks, tradeskill subcombines) which can be 
amassed and ultimately hopefully traded for better items... working only 
in ooc and auction person-to-person...
 
> Hmm, but lets say someone 10 levels higher than you is also engaged in 
> selling his stuff.  Well, you don't have anything to trade him, but if 
> you sell 10 of your items, you can afford to buy one of his... which is 
> a much bigger boost than anything you can loot yourself.

Yup.

> All your buddies are doing the same thing, so you can't sell your loot 
> to them... but like the guy you are buying from, the guys 10 levels 
> lower than yours want your gear.  So you sell it to them, and buy from him.

Nope. The guys 10 levels lower than you want the gear from the same guy 
you do. And so does the guy 10 levels lower than that guy. Why would 
they -ever- buy from you? When they can get even better gear from the 
guy 10 levels higher from you?

> But now everything you loot is 10 levels lower than the items you can buy.

Or 20 levels if you are the guy 10 levels lower than you.

> That is why the gear you loot sucks; its nice gear, but you are better 
> off selling a bunch of it to buy something better than trying to trade 
> it one for one for something you -could have- looted if you'd been lucky 
> enough to match slot+race+class+desirable stats

Which is why gear -needs- to be level restricted; level recommended, 
attunable, no drop, and most games have 'skill requirements' too (which 
is a slick form of level restriction that doesn't feel so arbitrary, but 
wouldn't work in EQs cookie cutter character system). Add in item series 
that grow with you via quests like tyonnium shackle, and greenmist

or items that literally grow with you... the FS dagger you looted at 
10th becomes a legendary dagger of ogre slaying with bane+6vs ogre an 
improved dmg/delay, because you used it to slay 1000 ogres and ogre 
overking, dropped a couple aguments in it, performed a quest to have it 
enchanted, had it improved by a guild tradesmen with exotic and 
expensive components, performed a quest and sacrificed your self to 
Cazic Thule himself to have a proc added, and carried it around for 30 
levels investing a portion of your xp in it...

Sure you can pass that dagger to someone else... but in their hands its 
just a FS dagger, maybe they can't even utilize the fact that its magic. 
Maybe if they hang onto it for 10 levels they will unlock some of the 
juice you put into it as they 'attune' to it, and maybe they can even 
add some of their own... if they are so inclined.

Of course why would you ever hand it to someone else... why not perform 
an even more involved quest ending in some arcane rite to transfer some 
its power to that Hammer of the Timeweaver you just looted, thereby 
accelerating your attunement to that...

i dunno... I can't think of a worse system than EQs: farm crappy gear; 
sell to merchants and broke newbies for better gear. Game designers can 
do better than that.

All the mathematics in the world about drop rates only proves that EQ 
can't be fixed with its current economics mechanics. Change the 
mechanics and what's possible changes with them.



