From -1566995388083378376
X-Google-Thread: fb739,32b78ab1280aa2f0
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,32b78ab1280aa2f0
X-Google-Thread: 104a20,32b78ab1280aa2f0
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid100ff8,gid104a20,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic
Subject: Re: OT: Moving from DSL to Cable - Game performance?
Date: Mon, 30 Aug 2004 20:02:44 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10j7qe5e5pv2v2a@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <10j792o4ticoh8f@news.supernews.com> <0f97j0l6d8onsuojtdtl7v4ibav6ur1uhf@4ax.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 110
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:15016 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:14551 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic:5732


"Leo" <Anonymous@anonymous.com> wrote in message
news:0f97j0l6d8onsuojtdtl7v4ibav6ur1uhf@4ax.com...

> DSL wins out for me.  It performs much better for games (for
> me), and like you, that's what's important for me.

That's why I'm having this discussion here. Very few discussions I've seen
on the topic center on game performance and that's issue #1 for me by a
mile.

> That being said, lots of people where I work claim their cable
> modem has no probs whatsoever for them.  But for all I know they went
> from dial up to cable and never experienced DSL.

Yeah, it's hard to evaluate how good you've got it if you haven't
experienced something better, particularly when either route is a
heaven-sent upgrade over dial-up. Your case is pretty rare, someone who's
experienced both. I decided to spring for the installation, which means that
I may wind up eating the installation charge if I cancel, but after they
install it I'll be another voice to add to the discussion. I picked up a
Motorola modem at CompUSA, but I can take it back if I cancel the service
later.

> But don't
> let me mislead ya, the difference is *very* visible, ya don't have to
> run a program like ping plotter to see it, especially when playing an
> FPS.

Ugh. I play a lot of UT online and D2 hardcore. I'm more worried about D2
because of the literally fatal consequences of latency.

> Plus, w/cable, ya really have that 'peak hours'
> thing going on where things are at their worst at peak hours and not
> bad at all at say 3 a.m.  So the time of day ya play online games will
> probably have a giant impact on how much ya like it or not.

Not a good sign for me, as I play during the heavy West Coast traffic
periods, weekday evenings and weekends. Of course, I also keep playing well
into your time frame, too, but still ...

> Newsgroups:  W/cable, the provided news service sucked eggs,
> so I had to pay for an outside one.

That was a factor for me and my old ISP so I've been using Supernews for a
while, but I'm not sure that's worth doing anymore, now that Google's
picking up all the groups. I made a mental note to check out Google groups
once my annual Supernews subscription runs out.

> W/cable, at least up to about a year ago,  they monitor your usage

Yuk! One difference between your cable exposure and mine is that I live in 
one of those rare areas where Comcast isn't the norm. I'm covered by the 
smaller Millennium Digital, and I'm thinking this might be an advantage. The 
sales rep on the phone told me they do not monitor downloads or impose any 
kind of limit, which I found hard to believe, but the service agreement 
doesn't cover any such charges and there's nothing on the website indicating 
any limits or charges, even though many other fees and incidentals are 
specified. So it looks like he was right. I get one static IP included in 
the package too.

> And by DSL, I mean verizon

Yep, that's my current DSL provider for both my circuit and my ISP. As one 
of the pioneer DSL users in this area, I went through hell and back with 
ISPs since GTE did not offer ISP service when they first made DSL available 
so even though they provided my circuit I had to go elsewhere for ISP 
service. During the big boom 90's my little local ISP was purchased by a 
bigger fish, who was in turn purchased by yet a bigger fish and it was crazy 
keeping up with who my ISP actually was.  And then of course, when the boom 
busted, "support" became some abandoned website and banker's hours phone 
service. Fortunately, I didn't need much support, but when the opportunity 
came to consolidate my phone bill with my ISP bill and the terms looked 
decent, I switched to Verizon. It's nice having 24/7 support and fairly 
competent people at the other end of the line. Honestly, though, I haven't 
needed much support and I don't really have any complaints about the 
service, so the issue comes down to price and that nice upgrade to download 
speed. Just having downloaded the WoW beta client (2.2g), I'm very receptive 
to doubling my potential download throughput.

> And if any of your neighbors have cable, drag your
> computer over to their place, hook it up, and play some of your games
> for a while to see how it is (since you're very used to how it should
> perform on your own computer), at the same time of day ya usually
> play.

"Hey Rob, can I hook up to your cable and play some EQ tonight between 10pm 
and 2am"? ;-)  I don't actually know anyone in my neighborhood who is using 
the cable internet service. That's another reason I thought I might have an 
advantage with cable. Given the so-called "shared" architecture, if my 
little community here doesn't have a lot of internet users on it (and I 
don't think they do), I might be getting a little additional windfall here. 
Maybe that's why they don't have a bandwidth limitation, nobody's 
downloading. Just wait till I get involved lol!

> I do wish verizon had *naked* dsl, however, then I could get
> rid of my phone line.

Hmm, what's that? I have one phone line for voice and DSL combined, is that 
what you mean?

-- 
Bob Perez

"Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they 
quit playing."
- Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes





