From 6749190490198160162
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ededfd764eb3b7b8,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-06-30 13:00:15 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!nntp-relay.ihug.net!newsfeeds.ihug.co.nz!ihug.co.nz!ken-transit.news.telstra.net!news.telstra.net!news-server.bigpond.net.au!not-for-mail
From: "Stonemage" <forgot@email.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: The Reaver and the Rogue
Lines: 137
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <tE0Ma.7$w14.753@news-server.bigpond.net.au>
Date: Mon, 30 Jun 2003 19:59:21 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.51.204.47
X-Complaints-To: abuse@bigpond.net.au
X-Trace: news-server.bigpond.net.au 1057003161 203.51.204.47 (Tue, 01 Jul 2003 05:59:21 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 01 Jul 2003 05:59:21 EST
Organization: BigPond Internet Services (http://www.bigpond.net.au)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:290724

Sheets of rain obscured Cynnyn's view as she slowy crept up on the huge
stone door in front of her.

Gently she laid her hand upon the door, and pushed ever so slightly.
"Hmmmm... Locked" she thought.

Taking her leather bound lockpicks from her backpack, she set about picking
the lock.

From a little way behind her, Catal, Tarcanna, Snajem and Stonemage watched
and waited. Together they held their collective breath.

Snap!

Something in the door gave way - and the stone slab rolled up, making a low
grinding groan as it went. Quickly stepping back into the shadows, a small
cry caught in Cynnyn's throat.

Standing not more than 10 foot in front of her was a fearsome Black Reaver,
and he wasn't alone.

Catal sensing overwhelming rage from those within the crypt, slowing walked
forward, mouthing a silent prayer to Tunare.

As she neared the shadows where Cynnyn lay in hiding, Catal kneeled down,
lowered her head and drew upon her calming powers. Sending forth a pacifying
wave, she felt the rage of the creatures within dim down, until each of the
golems and phantoms seemed to be barely aware of each other.

Catal raised her head, and there was the Black Reaver, glowering at her,
hardly affected at all by the aura of calm she had just radiated. Looking
into the Reaver's eye's Catal sensed the evil and pure hatred there.

A deep chill filled the pit of her stomach.

As she edged away, Cynnyn slowly drew herself out of hiding, and coaxed the
first of the Fog Golems away from the Black Reaver. She quickly lead the
golem back to where Stonemage lay in wait.

Bellowing a roar of hate, Stonemage charged the golem as it neared him, and
with a wild swing clove his sword into its ribs. Swing after swing Stonemage
struck the golem - watching as the unnatural glow in its eyes died down.

From behind Cynnyn peirced the golem's spine, twisting her Ragebringer, and
tearing a huge gash upwards. The golem dropped dead at her feet.

Bleeding from many wounds Stonemage staggered. Snajem and Catal came to his
aid, healing his wounds, and soothing his roaring anger.

Tarcanna chanted and filled Stonemage's mind with a calming breeze. The
battle fury faded from Stonemage, and he prepared himself to deal with the
many creatures awaiting them.

Five more times Cynnyn would lead the creatures away from the Black Reaver,
and five more times the group would lay waste to them.

The Black Reaver had watched these events with a mild amusement, a smirk
upon his face.

"Fools" he thought to himself "I think it is time this charade was put to
and end"

Before the Black Reaver had a chance to act, Stonemage roared, drawing from
his hatred he willed a pool of darkness to form around the feet of the
Reaver. Fury filled Stonemage's mind and he cast his feelings towards the
Black Reaver, further enraging it, drawing it towards him.

The Black Reaver hurled itself towards Stonemage, raising it's Jade Reaver
and swinging it in a vicious arc.

Blocking the swing with his sword Stonemage staggered,almost losing his
footing and the small bridge upon which he stood.

Regaining his footing he swung back at the Reaver.

The battle was joined, and it was a fight to the death. Amid the flurry of
swords, the Reaver reached forth and tore Stonemage's eyes from him.

Blinded, Stonemage roared and continued to swing his sword. He hoped that
the others with him, didn't fall under his sword and he wildly lashed out,
again and again, feeling his blade strike the enchanted armour of the Reaver
more often than not.

Catal watched as Stonemage staggered, blood pouring from his empty eye
sockets. Concentrating all of her energy into a single powerful spell, she
restored Stonemages eyes to him, but in doing so, drew the attention of the
Black Reaver onto herself.

The Black Reaver backhanded Catal across her face, knocking her from her
feet, and stunning her into silence, but not before she completed her
restoration of Stonemage.

Seeeing Catal in trouble Cynnyn thew herself in front of the Reaver, lashing
out with a wild flurry of attacks, rending the Reavers armour in many
places, dooming herself to certain death so Catal may live.

The Black Reaver grinned wildly as he hammered blow after blow down on
Cynnyn. The Reaver kicked out, knocking Cynnyn legs out from under her,
sending her crashing to the ground. Raising the Jade Reaver, and preparing
for the death blow, the Black Reaver roared with laughter.

With his sight restored Stonemage renewed his attack, and swung his sword
blocking the death blow, and hammering his shoulder into the Black Reaver'
chest.

A cold anger settled in Stonemages mind. Focusing on the Black Reaver, he
slashed at the Reavers neck trying to hack the Reaver's head from his
shoulders.

The battle raged on, almost endless in it's intensity. Slowy but surely the
Black Reaver was being overpowered.

Between the combined efforts of Tarcanna, Catal, Sanjem, Cynnyn and
Stonemage, the Black Reaver was taken down.

Victorious, they all cheered - failing to notcie that Lord Ghiosk had
errupted from the ground behind them.

Within seconds Snajem's corpse lay on the ground - his lifeforce banished.


To be continued..........


A true story about how Cynnyn (57 Rogue), Tarcanna (55 Enchanter), Catal (52
Cleric), Snajem (51 Druid) and Stonemage (47 Shadowknight) took on a Black
Reaver and won.

As for what happened with Lord Ghiosk - well that's another story
alltogether.

Cheers,

Stonemage
47 SK - The Nameless




