From -1509908254760386599
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,43e03c17661bb9e7,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-27 05:33:22 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Doom in Dalnir
Date: Wed, 27 Jun 2001 08:30:50 -0400
Organization: Cheesy Goodness
Message-ID: <3B39D1FA.D4A24B7@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 57
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:89284

For those of you who may not have ventured into Dalnir yet but are
considering doing so, I offer the following:

Having decided that I would like to take a shot at getting some nice
items for my Monk, I took my 39 Warrior accompanied by my 32 Cleric
partner, to Dalnir last night.  I'd read up on the beastiary information
and obtained the maps, and seeing the levels of the mobs in there it
looked like it would likely be a no xp cakewalk for me, with some (if
not great) xp for the cleric.  Lesson #1.  Never assume anything based
on the given level of the mobs. Nearly everything in Dalnir was, IMO,
grossly underconned. The various coerced on the first and second levels
were low green to me, and I was barely able to take them down, even with
the cleric going to half mana healing me and stunning them. Several of
them heal themselves making for long dangerous fights.
   The travel routes in this zone are insane. Once you leave the first
floor, you can't go back out the way you came, and the tiny twisting
switchback tunnels can make for a long, confusing journey where you can
easily get lost. And speaking of going from level one to level two, have
somebody with you who can levitate. Just jumping into that hole the
first time took a full bubble of health off of my buffed 1600 HP and
halfway killed the cleric.
  We slowly and carefully fought our way into the temple area, having to
clear out the coerced at each stage and wait for the cleric to med up.
Finally clearing the stairway area, we made it to the pit. When full, we
jumped down. After taking the damage I described above, I was greeted by
two coerced, both with pets, and an assortment of nibblers. I started
taking damage fast, but even worse, a couple of them were on the cleric
who was dying even faster and couldn't cast. I got them taunted off
(finally) and told the cleric to just gate and I'd try to make a run for
the teleport exit.
   Being my first time there, and trying to read the lvl 2 map while
fighting and losing badly, I of course ran the wrong way and fell to my
death through the pit down to level 3.  We wound up waiting until two
guild druids (lvl 39 and 42) showed up for buffs, invis, and levitate on
the cleric to go down to lvl 3 invisibly, drag me to a less crowded
spot, rez me, then port us all out to try again.
  This time, the 42 druid stuck around to adventure with us. Using invis
and Lev we were able to far more easily make it to the room where the
carpet lumpy spawns. With three of us we were able to clear the are
without *too* much angst and keep it clear.  We camped that area for
several hours. In that time, the lumpy goo only spawned twice, both
times dropping a fine steel weapon and some other odd bits, but none of
the rare loot nor the sought after fighting baton. Mostly it was just
gyrating and smouldering goos, and a lot of coerced, Kly, and nibblers.
  This was just a massive disappointment, and I won't be trying it again
without a full well balanced group.  So be careful out there all you
potential Goo hunters! This dungeon can be a right Beyatch on wheels.
--
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 39 Campaigns
a.k.a.
Jakys Lv'Tyrr, the Mad Monk of Qeynos
Monk of 25 Seasons, Silent Fist
- - - -
"Anything more than a metric buttload of mobs is a bardic pull."
Arolpin Lorespinner




