From 4373506346424787027
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2872c16b8b6a5292
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-02 08:48:21 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed.news.nacamar.de!newsfeed01.sul.t-online.de!t-online.de!newspeer1-gui.server.ntli.net!ntli.net!newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "-Martin" <villaat@cheerfuldot.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <aupup801s7k@enews1.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: Monual Gets Inside Vex Thal
Lines: 237
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
Message-ID: <m3_Q9.1460$oT2.131170@newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net>
Date: Thu, 2 Jan 2003 16:50:51 -0000
NNTP-Posting-Host: 62.252.204.186
X-Complaints-To: abuse@virgin.net
X-Trace: newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net 1041526098 62.252.204.186 (Thu, 02 Jan 2003 16:48:18 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 02 Jan 2003 16:48:18 GMT
Organization: Virgin Net Usenet Service
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:255437

"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:aupup801s7k@enews1.newsguy.com...
> Once, after a Arch Lich kill, I was watching loot get awarded.  Always
after
> every kill, they talked about a ball of luclinite being on the corpse and
> asked who wanted it.  I finally asked what that was for and was told it
was
> for the Vex Thal key.  I sat right up and said that I was going to
> ninja-loot it.  An officer of my guild told me to go ahead, and I had the
> first part of my VT key.

I ninjad mine from the Itraer Vius

> Another time, I was sitting in the Nexus wondering what to do, when
someone
> announced in /guildsay that a Lucid Shard was rotting in The Grey.  So I
> jumped up and began running.  Halfway there, our guild leader asked if
> anyone was going to loot it and I said I was on my way, and he was cool
with
> that.  I got there and looted my first shard.  I used /note to keep track
of
> the fact that I had looted this shard.

Grey took about 5 hours to get 3 shards for me

> On our way to kill the Burrower Parasite, we slaughtered everything in our
> path.  One of the mobs dropped a lucid shard.  I rolled and lost (against

I ninjad my shard from a deep raid (tho or burrower) a long time ago, before
we were even killing xtc

> Ssra was easy: a group of guildies got together and slaughtered skeletons
> until everyone got a shard.  No ore dropped, alas.  To this day we still
> don't have a lot of banes, but we can still take Emp pretty easily.

You just need to put the time in... I guess if your guild is caster heavy
its not too bad...  a rule of  "no banes = no emp loot" would change a few
peoples attitudes I think !  Levath (a $tormhammer guild) gave their members
a set date back in the day, whoever wasn't emp keyed by then was
guildremoved !

I remember whining to James back when I was working on banes =d  but I have
duel bane ulaks now, most my guild does.

> Dawnshroud Peaks was incredibly easy; the third rockhopper I killed had a
> shard.  Scarlet Desert took a little longer.  I was sharing the plateau
with
> a necro.  I buffed him and his pet and asked if it was all right if I
pulled
> some mobs for myself.  He was fine with that, and even offered to let me

DPS took me about 20 mins for 1,  SD took me about 2 hours for 2

> Another time I got a group together and we did Acrylia Caverns.  The mobs
> were not at all difficult to kill, and the first two skullcrackers we
killed
> dropped shards.  Three of us needed shards,

"acrylia is an easy shard!"
"I got my shard in 10 mins in acylia"
It took me 2 days and over 8 hours to get my 2  /cry

> how many folks that get above level 50 ever see Vex Thal?  Half of them?
A
> quarter of them?  Ten percent?  I have the feeling the number is somewhere
> below ten percent.

Id say somewhere around 2%... AA, PoP and gear is changing that though and
im sure sometime it will be 20% or so

> Sans Seru was difficult.  I hated the thought of destroying my faction -
one
> of the reasons I chose to play a human was that they had good faction with
> more races than anyone else.  But I really had no choice.  These mobs were
> really tough - I couldn't melee them, they did too much damage.  They
didn't
> have a lot of hitpoints, however, so I could just nuke, root, nuke, root,
> over and over again.  I also learned to just attack humans in plate mail -
> the others would nuke me or heal themselves, which was highly annoying.
Two
> days of running around killing legionnaires finally resulted in a shard,
and
> dubious faction with the guards.  Ah well.  It was a great feeling to loot
a
> mob and see the shard on the corpse.

Seru took me a looooong ass time too, that place pissed me off bad.
It was a day I had no work.. I figured id go get all my easy shards, get 7
or so that day.. and I could do the difficult ones when i had a free
weekend.  Well I got 2, DS and Seru.. by the time I finally got the shards
for us to leave it was too late to even stay logged on, so much for that
idea

> I came to really dislike ME.

Worst zone ever!
Worst people leveling there ever!

Much h8 for ME... I remember so clearly the day i got mine, such a truly
fucking miserable occasion.

I'd been in Akheva for a while working on shards (maybe 4+ hours) when
another guild group came and started being a nuisance.

Im not normally 1 to step away from a dispute (hell, check my servers flames
boards heh) but it was just me and my partner, and she totally doesn't care
for political/guild BS.. she gives me a hard time too on occasion (when
theres huge flame wars that im participating in) so being pretty conscious
of that.. I thought sod it, lets just go work on the dreaded ME.

/gasp yes I didnt push it, we just left.   We setup in ME and started
pulling to a relatively safe spot.. safe in that it was free of wandering
mobs, there were still adds, chain agro and traps in between the camp and
pull spot.  Boring, but more than tolerable with my company.. well that
lasted about 50 mins and then another group showed up.

It was the same guild tagged people as in akheva (2 were from akheva the
incident) and I guess you could say relations arent the greatest...   they
were near us, pulling the same mobs.  Im glad in a way that no named popped,
because im sure it would have been pretty messy.  As they killed, they moved
closer and closer to us, till they were virtually on top of us (if you want
to kill my mobs, fine.. but get the fuck out of my face).

They were so close, rooted mobs of theirs (e.g adds) were beating on me or
the cle/sham, low hp agroing etc.. in other words too close to not be
causing a nuisance.  They had a pretty big pull, 6 or 7 mobs, id stopped
pulling when I saw all that crap inc as a precaution.  Well things turned
sour pretty quickly, and they evac'd out.  Yay train # 1 on us.

Fast forward 10 mins and we both start pulling again, what a surprise to see
another huge pull come and them evac.  0-2
This happened 6 times in a row and I was getting pretty pissed... talks with
the other guilds leader wasn't achieving much, moving wasn't much of an
option (we tried, but peoples kites and trains to akheva were equally
deadly).. so I asked some guildies to come help (including a mezzer..)

I was really against asking for help on the ME camp, because I know well
what a bitch of a camp it is, and it offers absolutely nothing to a guild
keying for vexthal.. it was that or not finish my key though (a raid was
planned so delaying wasn't an option).. so help arrived.  65 bard, 65 rogue,
another 65 cleric, a 65 mage, 65 shammy.. now the story was a little
different.  The evac-trains were no longer devstating (bard handled 14 mobs
dumped on us) and after 2 more attemps, they just pulled properly and
stopped the training shit.

A good while later they finally left the zone, a damn good while later (8am
r/l time) a named finally popped.. finally the ordeal was over (for one of
my characters) and a vexthal key I did now posess..  but oh man, what an
ordeal that night was.

Maybe some day I can repay the favour.. pull TiV room guards to their akheva
shard camp groups or something.. /cackle
I sometimes wish I had it in me to be mean like that..

> After the High Priest dropped (after an embarrassing start where the Main
> Tank engaged from the wrong side of the HP - out of range of the clerics -
> and dropped quickly, and rampage spread out of control killing the
clerics,
> and we had to memblur the HP and start over), the guild leaders decided to
> try Vex Thal.  Our server's uber guild had already cleared most of Vex
Thal,
> but they had left a couple of boss mobs up.  We wanted to try them, just
to
> give ourselves some experience in VT.

Wow thats shockingly bad :)  I don't even wanna think about the number of
times we've screwed up with something as embarassing..

> decided to try again.  Fortunately I ran into one of our alliance's Shadow
> Knights at the zone-in to Umbral Plains, and she summoned my corpse.  I
> looted it, rezzed myself, and ran back to Vex Thal.  This time I made
myself
> invisible and zoned in.

AA summon skill, or a coffin?  With nothing seeing invis, its a pretty safe
CR and 1 min from the zone line !

> Thal."  I also saw the message that my Vex Thal key had been added to my
> keyring, so I destroyed it -

Wow.. all I can say is you have balls !

> any available inventory space can be.  This met with open horror from my
> guild officers - "You really deleted it?!"

Pita key quests (vp, vt) I won't ever destroy..  ever !!

> zoned out and zoned back in just to prove I could.  Still, my officers
> expressed great doubt over the wisdom of deleting my key - what if key
rings
> get screwed up again?  How smart was it to delete something it had taken
me
> *so* long to create?  I responded that if key rings got deleted I could
just
> petition to get my Vex Thal key back, but I had to admit they had a
point -
> I'd hate to have to depend on Customer Service to get something as
valuable
> as my Vex Thal key if something goes wrong with keyrings like it has in
the
> past.

Can they even go that far back in time to check a deleted item?  Think if it
poofs in 6 months time..

> However, I was utterly amazed at how many hitpoints they had - it took us
a
> long time to kill just one.  And these are the trash mobs of Vex Thal.

A time-sink dungeon with a time-sink key requirement, enjoy !

> After killing the trash mobs, we moved up to where I could see a smaller
> tunnel that lead out into a courtyard.  At this point the raid ground to a
> halt; we just now realized we had no rogues.  And evidently there are some
> traps ahead that we couldn't get around.  So the raid was called at that
> point; we'll try again when we have some rogues.  And really, since there
> were only 20 of us, we wouldn't have gotten far anyway - this was an
> exploratory probe more than anything else.

Theres no traps to worry about, its the locked doors.  In the courtyard is a
big ass rock (and some goos) who drops a key, this key opens the first door
towards the named mobs (the locked door behind him, at the top of the
steps).  Its a double door though, and a few steps past that door is another
door, this one is only rogue openable.

Thru here, you can go left, right or straight ahead (left and right is 2
named mobs.. not part of the warders, so often found alive).
Left and right is also rogue locked, the door ahead (to diablos) is key
locked though (diff key to the first one).
This key drops from the left and right rooms (the named mobs 2 guards)

Its not norent anymore, so killing the rock would still have been a
worthwhile experience for you guys

-m




