From 1649075796919571386
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bb46ef546b4ad534
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-06 13:19:43 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!bin1.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3B1E9042.562F77DB@not.there.anymore.com>
From: StanMann <stanmann@not.there.anymore.com>
Reply-To: stanmann@For.real.I.can.be.reached.at.YahooSPAM.com
Organization: As little as possible
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.51 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Who The Hell ARE These People?
References: <530thtsjnc1e4nsb7hhrujg6ag35rvhnum@4ax.com> <3B1E88F6.380CB1B3@noyb.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=iso-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-GC-Trace: gv1-Sjg3PCxNPWiudhumxkY4yl6PNvkZk5iVfmVJjgTkm0=
Lines: 460
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 06 Jun 2001 15:19:42 CDT
X-Trace: sv3-RSWhOgBvflHdpVc/F2BoE0xTtqxuGgxKDvIpcO+hiFV5bxoG1+8FxF0IXj6LDLxzgN+isonYVuRMmlK!CCOk5Z1z1x6DqUOJiboaCGK6eL0LaJCquOZ+w56peAbyA9n4zVL0NwI0YTPd97hlHu7ai/5U/Bw=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@GigaNews.Com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
Date: Wed, 06 Jun 2001 20:19:42 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:82437



Brent Ingler wrote:
> 
> Afterburner wrote:
> 
> <snipped God names>
> 
> http://everquest.station.sony.com/guidebook/deities.jsp
> 

Contents pasted below

StanMann

Bertoxxulous, the Plaguebringer
Bertoxxulous has no allies. His followers often follow the dark art of
necromancy, which he wholeheartedly supports. The Plaguebringer appears
as a humanoid
hunchback draped in tattered, decaying robes. Under his hood can be seen
a very handsome face attached to the body of a rotting corpse. He is
enemies with Tunare,
Rodcet Nife, Karana, Mithaniel Marr, and Rallos Zek. He rules the Plane
of Disease, which is dark and drippy with geysers of ooze and rivers of
pus. The land itself looks,
feels and even smells like decaying flesh, and is inhabited by all
manner of evil creatures and undead. 

Brell Serilis, the Duke of Below
Brell is allied with Fizzlethorpe Bristlebane, and an enemy of
Veeshan's. Followers of the Duke of Below find true happiness in the
caves, caverns and tunnels that
permeate the belly of Norrath, but this is one of few points upon which
all followers of Brell can agree. The Runny Eye Clan of goblins claim he
is their father, much to the
disgust of the dwarves of Kaladim who are certain that only the dwarves
are the true children of Serilis. The vicious gnolls of Split Paw
disagree entirely, for was it not
Brell who sculpted them out of the sacred Clay of Cosgrove? Followers of
Brell Serilis, in one form or another, can be found nearly anywhere you
enter the Underfoot of
Norrath. 

Bristlebane Fizzlethorpe, the King of Thieves
Bristlebane is allied with Brell Serilis and Erollisi Marr, and has no
real enemies. Followers of Bristlebane, the King Of Thieves, believe in
having fun, at the expense of
nearly all else. Bards, rogues, jesters, gamblers and gypsies are all
typical followers. They are almost always very charming, clever, and
witty, traits which all Bristlebane
followers strive to have. Mischief in all its forms is encouraged.
Practical jokes are performed as if they are the most sacred of rituals.
Very few of Bristlebane's followers
are outright wicked in their desires but it is best to keep at least one
eye on your purse if they are about. And never let one deal you a hand
of King's Court. 

Cazic-Thule, the Faceless
Cazic-Thule is allied with Rallos Zek and Innoruuk, and the enemy of
Mithaniel and Erollisi Marr. Followers of the Faceless, fear their Lord
and believe that only by causing
terror in others will they be spared his vengeful wrath. Fear rules
their lives and through fear they rule the lives of others. Pain,
misery, violence, torture, living sacrifice -
these are the tools of a Cazicite. Many lizardman tribes are devout
followers of Cazic-Thule, but his number of humanoid followers grows
daily, a cold shadow slowly
engulfing the bright spots of Norrath in a nightmare of horror and pain. 

E'ci, The Wintry Guardian
E'ci, known as the Wintry Guardian upon mortal tongues, is the second
member of the Triumvirate of Water. The goddess embodies the material
form and essence of ice,
the solid matter of the plane she helps govern. This entity is rumored
to hold great control, perhaps nearly to the point of tyranny if one can
believe the fantastical tales of
the gods of Influence and Nature, over her portion of the realm. The
tales of her devotion to the balance of her realm against the other
elemental powers have fostered a
lingering, fearful respect for the goddess within the hearts of the
lesser pantheon. 

Fennin Ro, Tyrant of Fire
Fennin Ro is the being who rules the greater elemental Plane of Fire,
from which he derives his title, the Tyrant of Fire. Fennin manifests
himself as a large male humanoid
with barbaric features including a beard of flame, glowing red eyes,
pointed ears, and fangs. Although he has been known to be a fanatic in
terms of preserving the
element of fire, displaying a short temper toward that preservation and
any who would dare to threaten it, Fennin Ro retains a strong influence
on the wheel of Order and
Discord. 

Innoruuk, the Prince of Hate
Innoruuk is allied with Rallos Zek and Cazic-Thule, and the enemy of
Quellious, Mithaniel Marr, and Erollisi Marr. Followers of Innoruuk, the
Prince of Hate, include nearly the
entire dark elven race who regard him as their "Father." They believe
that hate is a creative force, or rather "THE" creative force in the
universe - creativity born of
destruction. Love and kindness are tools for those too ignorant to know
what they want or too cowardly to do what is necessary to obtain it.
They believe that it is only
through the total disdain of your enemies that you can gain true power
over them. Pity and mercy have no power when confronted with contempt
and viciousness. It is the
honest belief of the followers of Innoruuk that if they were to hate
strongly enough, they could destroy all of Norrath. 

Karana, the Rainkeeper
Karana is allied with Tunare and Mithaniel Marr. Bertoxxulous is his
enemy. Followers of Karana, the Rainkeeper, believe in the absolute
power of storms. They worship
the life-giving power of the rain and respect the destructive force of a
sandstorm or hurricane. Typical followers of Karana are rural humanoids
- farmers, ranchers,
hunters, and the like. They will often offer strangers shelter from the
elements. Many of Karana's followers live a nomadic lifestyle,
travelling where the winds take them.
They are humble, generous people who value strength and honesty and
brook no disrespect of Karana or of his work for they know it is only
through his wisdom and
kindness that all of Norrath is not consumed in an eternal tempest. 

Marr, Erollisi, Queen of Love
This sister of Mithaniel and daughter of Tarew is allied with
Fizzlethorpe Bristlebane, Mithaniel Marr, Rodcet Nife, Tunare and
Quellious. Her enemies are Innoruuk,
Cazic-Thule, Rallos Zek, and Bertoxxulous. Followers of Erollisi Marr,
the Queen Of Love, cling to the belief that love conquers all. It should
be pointed out that while love is
a generally peaceful concept, Erollisi worshippers are not pacifists.
They would like to live in a world where everyone loves everyone else
and violence does not exist but
they are not na�ve enough to think that Norrath is that world. They are
passionately devoted to people, places and ideas and are more than
willing to fight and die to
preserve those things. The dream of every follower of Erollisi is to die
in the selfless defense of someone or something they love. Many paladins
hear the true calling of
their hearts and follow Erollisi Marr. 

Marr, Mithaniel, the Truthbringer
Mithaniel Marr, the Truthbringer, governs the Plane of Valor. Mithaniel
is the ultimate paladin who wears a full suit of shining silver plate
armor and wields a glowing
longsword. Mithaniel Marr, who owes his existence to Tarew Marr, leader
of the Triumvirate of Water, is allied with Erollisi Marr and Karana. He
counts Innoruuk,
Cazic-Thule, and Bertoxxulous among his enemies. He has a friendly
rivalry with Solusek Ro. 

Marr, Tarew, Fathom Lord, Ruler of the Triumvirate of Water
The Fathom Lord or, as he is known in the divine tongue of Influence and
Nature, Tarew Marr, is the first member of the Triumvirate of Water. He
is the sole lord and
commander of the plane's most abundant form of the element. The people
of Norrath know little of him, and his relationship to Mithaniel and
Erollisi Marr is a source of
constant debate amongst their followers. He is believed to have given
physical form and intelligence to the influences of Love and Valor in
the personages of Erollisi and
Mithaniel Marr, respectively, and given them power over their namesake
planes. 

The Nameless
This being of ultimate power has no name and is unknown to most of
Norrath. It has no image in which to create others, nor does it have a
personality as even deities
would. It is simply a driving force which causes universes to exist. Or
not to exist, at its own whim. 

Povar, The Veiled One
Povar, or The Veiled One, is the third member of the Triumvirate of
Water. Povar is the conscious essence of water in its vaporous state and
controls a third of the
Elemental Plane. Being neither male nor female in form, neither tangible
nor incorporeal, this divine entity holds the greatest mystery of the
Triumvirate's members to the
lesser gods. Keeping attentions focused upon the realm they assist to
govern, Povar gives neither care nor notice to the wheel of Nature and
Influence. This member of
the Triumvirate has given no recorded notion or action beyond its own
realm and the greater wheel of Elemental Powers. 

Prexus, the Ocean Lord
Prexus, the Ocean Lord, is allied with Rodcet Nife and enemy to
Bertoxxulous. Followers of Prexus believe that true power lies in the
vast depths of Norrath's oceans.
They believe that eons ago life first formed in the murky deep and that
one day the oceans will rise again to consume those who are unworthy and
embrace the faithful.
The Oceanlord's servants tend to live and work near, on, or beneath,
large bodies of water. They seek to spread the word of Prexus to all who
will hear and defend the
oceans and seas of Norrath against any who would cause them harm. Many
sailors and fishermen are followers of Prexus. 

Quellious the Tranquil
This peaceful child-goddess is allied with Rodcet Nife and Erollisi
Marr, and an enemy to Rallos Zek and Innoruuk. Followers of Quellious
the Tranquil seek peace. They are
not strict pacifists, though, and will fight to defend themselves and
their loved ones. The peace they seek is an inner one. They wish to know
all there is to know about
themselves and the world around them. They thirst for knowledge of their
true selves and strive to help others attain enlightenment. It is
through the sharing of this
knowledge that they believe universal peace can be obtained. If every
creature fully understood itself and its neighbors there would be no
need for conflict and war.
Followers of Quellious often follow a nomadic lifestyle, constantly
seeking what there is to know and hoping to find themselves along the
way. 

The Rathe Council
The Rathe is a council of twelve beings that rule over the Plane of
Earth. Each member of the Council maintains an identical presence of
grass-green hair and earthen skin
with veins of gold and turquoise. The Council is an extension of the
plane itself. Thus, if one member is cut down another will shortly rise
to take its place. The Council of
Earth is the only power of the Planes of Order to have looked down upon
the material realm with interest, but remain truly neutral in their
dealings with the lesser pantheon.

Rodcet Nife, the Prime Healer
Rodcet Nife is allied with Karana, Quellious, Erollisi Marr and Prexus,
and his only enemy is Bertoxxulous. Followers of the Prime Healer take a
solemn oath to fight disease
and death until one or the other finally claims them. They are very
generous and humble, asking little more than that the recipients of
their aid pass the kindness on to
another. They are not content to deal with the effects of disease and
death after they occur and vigorously seek to destroy the sources of
these evils. Healers and
mystics are typical followers but many noble rangers and paladins also
have also taken the Nife Oath. They believe that, through faith in the
Prime Healer, the wounded
heart of the universe shall one day be mended and death's dark shadow
will never be seen again. 

Solusek Ro, the Burning Prince
The Plane of Sun is ruled by Solusek Ro, the Burning Prince. His father,
Fennin Ro is the Tyrant of Fire who rules the greater elemental Plane of
Fire, from which the Plane
of Sun derives its power. Solusek wears a suit of golden ringmail and a
crown of flame and wields a spear of fire. He is allied with no one,
enemies with no one. He has a
friendly rivalry with Mithaniel Marr. 

The Tribunal of Justice
The Plane of Justice is ruled by a council of six beings known as the
Tribunal. The members of the Tribunal wear dark, hooded cloaks and masks
and each carries a large
warhammer. The plane itself is inhabited only by beings imprisoned here
by the Tribunal for crimes against the universe and by the golems the
Tribunal has constructed to
serve as guards. They are allied with no one, enemies with no one. 

Tunare, Mother of All
Allied with Karana, Erollisi Marr and Rodcet Nife, and enemies with
Bertoxxulous, Tunare, the Mother of All, rules the Plane of Growth.
Tunare appears as a very attractive
older humanoid female wearing flowing robes and a crown of vines and
leaves. Tunare is very protective of what she considers to be one of Her
finest achievements,
the good elf races of Norrath. As part of an agreement with Brell
Serilis and Prexus and in response to the arrogance of Veeshan in
claiming Norrath for her own, Tunare
created the High Elves and the wood elves of Norrath. 

Veeshan, Mother of All Wurms
Veeshan is the great crystalline dragon who rules the Plane of Sky. She
needs no allies but considers Brell Serilis an enemy. Veeshan is known
as the Mother of All
Wurms and this title includes all of dragonkind such as the drakes and
wyverns. When the universe was young, Veeshan traveled throughout the
cosmos depositing Her
children on worlds She deemed worthy. She would then strike the planet
with Her massive claws so that the other deities would know She had laid
claim to that world.
The continent of Velious on Norrath bears Her mark, known as the Scars
of Veeshan. 

Xegony, the Queen Of Air
The Plane of Air is ruled by Xegony, the Queen Of Air, a beautiful,
young-looking, elfin female humanoid with angel-like wings. Amongst the
greater elemental powers, her
angelic manner and appearance grant her the greatest regard, for being
the most delicate and benevolent in her ways. She is, as well, the
greatest mystery to the lesser
pantheon in her being, never having turned her attentions from the
greater wheel of the true elements. 

Zek, Rallos, the Warlord
Rallos Zek is allied with Innoruuk and Cazic-Thule, enemy to Quellious
and Bertoxxulous. The followers of Rallos Zek, the Warlord, believe in
survival of the strong and
death to the weak. The heart of a true follower of Zek yearns for
strength, courage, but above all, victory. They believe that the heat of
battle is the only place and time
where enlightenment can be gained, that the universe was formed by
conflict and in conflict it will end, with the victors feasting upon the
remains of their fallen enemy. No
respect or regard is given to the dead, for if they were worthy their
hearts would still pump blood through their veins and not upon the soil
of Norrath. The followers of Zek
are almost exclusively warriors. 

                      

			Sub-Deities 

Ayonae Ro, the Maestra
Created at the whim of the demi-goddess Druzzil Ro for the purpose of
creating music to soothe the soul, Ayonae Ro grew to develop powers and
a distinct personality of
her own. Druzzil sacrificed a small portion of her own place to create a
new realm to be dominated by Ayonae Ro, the Demi-Plane of Music. Ayonae
can not only cause
others to become caught up in her music to the point of feeling the
emotions therein, she is able to mold and shape the very realm in which
she lives, much as her mother
does with her own magical skills. 

Druzzil Ro, Matron of the Art
Druzzil has white hair which is held back from her face by a massive
platinum crown with a single white gem that blazes like a brilliant
white star upon her brow. She is
tall, youthful in appearance, with a resemblance to Erudite in skin and
body structure. The Demi-Plane of Magic became the home of the goddess
of magic. In its natural
state, it is an infinitely expansive plane of perfect white and
unblemished marble under a gray and featureless sky, though one would
likely never glimpse her plane in such
a state. Through the will of Druzzil Ro, her home takes the shape, form
and features that reflect her current mood. Her plane is simply a canvas
for her art. 

Saryrn, Mistress of Torment/ Pain
Born a woman of striking beauty, she now rules the Demi-Plane of Pain, a
hot, damp and uncomfortable place with no flat surfaces on which to
walk. Instead the ground is
cluttered with small, closely placed, stalagmites of smooth obsidian.
Saryrn busies herself by spending personal time with those cursed enough
to live in her realm. She
captures and torments her subjects mentally and physically and
completely at random. The length of their torment before she releases
them again, is also completely
random - based mainly upon her whims. Those who fall into her hands may
suffer but a few moments or for months at a time. All live with the fear
that at any time, she
may choose them as a partner. 

Thule, Morell-, Lord of Dreams
Morell-Thule, the Lord of Dreams rules the Demi-Plane of Dreams where he
is responsible for the rich texture of sleep visions. He creates,
animates and thoroughly enjoys
the creatures who romp in his realm. Though nearly seven feet tall and
well built, he has handsome and youthful features. His body habitus is
that of a pure white centaur
with the tail of a lion. His silver hooves sparkle constantly because of
the unicorn-like horn on his brow. That horn is not made of hair as with
most such protuberances,
but is purely a thing of light. His long hair grows down his spine and
ends in a glistening white mane which, with his pale skin, set off his
beautiful green eyes. 

Thule, Terris-, the Dream Scorcher
Terris-Thule is known as the Dream Scorcher or the Nightmare, for her
effect on the sleep of dreamers. She rules the Demi-plane of Nightmares
and delights in torturing
the innocent as they rest. She is tall, well over six feet in height and
skeletally thin. Her skin is pale with hints of gray. Long, black
fingernails extend from her bony hands,
to match her slinky gown. Her face is smooth - no features mar its sleek
surface other than two empty black eye sockets. Long black hair flows
back from two massive
brass horns at her temples. 

Torvonnilous, Lord of Greed
Torvonnilous rules the Demi-Plane of Greed where he sits and plots ways
of gaining even more treasure than what he already has. Though he wears
numerous articles
of jewelry crafted of all sorts of precious metals encrusted with every
type of gem imaginable - earrings, amulets, brooches and much more - he
is never satisfied. He is
male in appearance, of medium height and slight build. He wears a suit
of finely woven, green-and-yellow-embroidered red silk cloth. His face
is clean-shaven, though not
particularly handsome, and in one beringed hand he bears an obsidian
cane with a platinum dragon's head upon the top. 

Vazaelle Kaleine, Vazaelle the Mad
An Erudite by heritage, Vazaelle lived among those who were ousted from
Erudin for necromancy. During her lifetime, she was a dedicated devout
Cazicite, though a
combination of religious zeal and prophetic visions stripped from her
any semblance of sanity. Lifted up by her deity and given her own
domain, the power of her madness
shaped it into the semblance of old Paineel after its destruction. From
her realm, Vazaelle occasionally foresees an event in the future of some
unsuspecting Norrathian
citizen, whose life will change drastically when that event occurs.
Depending on the severity of Vazaelle's mental state during the vision,
that poor individual will know
some degree of madness for the rest of their days, suffering from the
touch of Vazaelle the Mad. 

Zebuxoruk, the Forsaken
Zebuxoruk is neither evil nor good. Legends place him as evil and other
legends untold place him on the side of good. To the other deities, they
ALL dislike him or simply
couldn't care less. Zebuxoruk was at some time in the form of mortal man
and trod upon the surface of Norrath after escaping the Plane of Justice
or the Void. Mortality
was either something forced upon him or something he may have wished
for. Zebuxoruk is known as the Forsaken One, The Disgraced and other
such names among the
pantheon of deities and heroes of the Outer Planes of Influence. 

There is said to be a hidden city on Norrath that honor, not worship,
the 'Ungod', Zebuxoruk. Something not even he truly cares for. This city
has knowledge of his history
both true and false and the community is mostly comprised of fallen
priests, shadowknight, paladins, any who have been forsaken by thier
deities and either seek a
pathway back or seek true neutrality among the planes and and
understanding that the deities are more mortal than they think. 

Zek, Tallon, Beholder of Battle
Known as the Beholder of Battle and as a master of strategy, Tallon Zek
resides on the Plane of War along with his alter ego Vallon Zek. He is a
tall, older-looking orc-like
being, who appears to be very wise, with good cause. He wears a set of
sturdy steel plate armor without a helm, and carries his famed obsidian
war bow. 

Zek, Vallon, Governor of War
Vallon Zek is a master tactician dubbed the Governor of War and, with
his alter ego Tallon Zek, resides on the Plane of War with Rallos Zek.
Vallon's manifestation is that
of an older, muscular, physically strong male orc-like figure who wears
blackened chain covered by an emerald and black cloak. His appearance is
that of a regal general
at arms, upright and stern, wise and aristocratic. At his belt, he bears
a silvery saber, which he has been said to wave when explaining tactics
to others. 


-- 
OK, I have tremendous admiration for someone who goes to the trouble of
learning American English when it isn't their native tongue, but there
is
precious little that is funnier than someone cursing in English when
they
aren't completely fluent in it. It's made even funnier when they're
apopleptic with rage, as Arnaud here is.--Brandon Blackmoor


