From 8877782431151008066
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c319d1daef68d954,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-01-16 20:06:09 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!newsswitch.lcs.mit.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!cyclone0.chicago.il.ameritech.net!spamfilter!nntp0.chicago.il.ameritech.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: grahamz@ameritech.net (Graham Zaretsky)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: A Bard's Lament... (longish)
Message-ID: <3a65089e.78210462@news.col.ameritech.net>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.5/32.452
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 48
Date: Wed, 17 Jan 2001 04:07:46 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.18.20.58
X-Trace: nntp0.chicago.il.ameritech.net 979704339 209.18.20.58 (Tue, 16 Jan 2001 22:05:39 CST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 16 Jan 2001 22:05:39 CST
Organization: Ameritech.Net www.ameritech.net  Complaints: abuse@ameritech.net
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:40980

I play a Bard of 18 seasons on Drinal, and I've loved it.  It was my first and main character.

When I was starting out, I soloed quite a bit, but found out quickly that there was no substitute for playing in a good group
(no pun intended).   And I got pretty good.  I'd frequently get complimented by other people who've played bards on my twisting
ability.  Soloing could be fun also, but as I rose in levels I would die just too much trying to fight blacks and blues, and
occasionally even greens.  I got into a few really good groups in Oasis, through level 17, but as soon as I hit 18, everything
dried up.  I'd get an occasional partnership to hunt deepwater Crocs, but nothing signficant.  The quick progress that I made up
until 18 just stopped.  I'd die enough so that I never progressed beyond 1 bubble past 18.

So I started looking into other places to go.  A friend suggested that I go to the Karanas to hunt Aviaks, so I relocated to
Qeynos (only died twice in Highpass -- when I'd tried at earlier levels, I thought I'd never be able to get past that place).  I
made it to South Karana and notcied that all of the players camping the Aviaks were Red to me.  (The group camping the orcs in
Highpass were only yellow to me, so if I EVER make it to 19, I just may be able to find a group there).

Then  I decided to try to get a group or partner to hunt Elephants or anything really.  There were only 15 people in all of
South Karana, during prime time, includiing the 6 camping the Aviaks, and the group trying to get enough for a raid on Splitpaw,
and couldn't find anyone wanting to partner with a Bard.  I did manage to kill a few greens, and then gave up and headed back to
Qeynos (I did find a 22nd level Druid who needed me to find his corpse for him;  and  then there was a 16th level Warior who
wanted me to help him just clear a bunch of Bandits that were blocking the road (green to me), but I got pounded by a Hill Giant
while trying to invite him, and had to run for the zone which was miles away (Druid had SOWed me in gratitude for finding his
corpse --I'm not sure if it saved my life, as the pounding might have interrupted my Selos).

Next, I decided to explore Qeynos a bit.  My Barbarian Warior had been there, and drowned tyring to find the entrance to the
Sewers.  Maybe my Bard would have better luck.  Sure enough, he had no problem, what with his Aquatic Ayre.   That was kind of
boring -- just some VERY green rats and slightly green piranha.  I got cocky.  Ended up getting killed while underwater  by a
Necro pet that conned red to him.

Then I decided to try Kerra Island (I wanted to go to Erudin anyway to buy my 14th level song, which I really didn't NEED, but
as long as I was in the neighborhood...).  I stumbled on the Sharptooth quest and ended up hunting Warf Rats for a while.  (I
was the only one in the entire zone, by the way, for like 2 or 3 hours straight).  I actually got past 1 bubble, untill I
decided to take a closer look at the Tiger pit, and died twice (the second time while recovering my corpse, and am now down
below half a bubble.  And it got boring and repetitive anyway doing that over and over again..

So now, it seems like my Bard is going to stay at 18th level for ever.  Can anyone give me any advice as to where he should go
now, especially to get into a good group?  My Cleric almost  NEVER has any problems finding a group, so I've started playing him
more and more.

So is there anyone out there that can give me any advice on what I can do now?  Someone else told me to go to Kunark, but  I
don't even know where I can get bound once I get there)   Once I get past 18, I get an invisibitily song, which will help me get
around a lot better, and a lot more choices will open up (I hope)...  Oh, and btw, I'm penniless due to having to replace two
weapons and a full set of armor that I lost due to losing my corpse prior to a serious real life illness..  Ever wonder how a
Bard can lose his corpse?  This was actually the third time.  Once I fell down the well in Befallen, and then I lost my corpse
in the OOT when someone trained a Cyclops to the docks, and my body fell to the bottom of the ocean when the boat zoned...
Didn't have Aquatic Ayre at the time...

There's one upside to all of this.  No one EVER tries to hound my Bard for a SOW, like they do my Dwarvish Cleric...Well almost
never...
										-Graham


