From -1813103062690133921
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5754b3636b5757b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "John M Clancy" <notanemail@nospam.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Class Re-envisioning 3-15-2005
Date: Tue, 15 Mar 2005 01:10:51 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <113cv2q92skv3c2@news.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2527
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2527
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 384
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:33555

http://eqlive.station.sony.com/community/dev_view.jsp?id=64032
Class Re-envisioning
Over the course of the last few months, since we announced this project, we 
have had numerous discussions on the classes.  During these discussions we 
identified some key changes, that are relatively easy for us to implement, 
that could result in better gameplay for all of you.  While this is far from 
complete (the process and this list) it is the start of this class 
re-envisionment, reflections, redefinition, whatever we all decide to call 
it besides balance.  Some of these changes you see on this list will make it 
live for our April 6th update.  Others we would like to hear your thoughts 
and ideas on before continuing.  We think that there are some very positive 
changes here, some of which kind of go against the grain of EQ gameplay.  So 
let the discussion begin;

We'll start with some general gameplay changes that either affect all 
classes or multiple classes.

General

We are removing the level 55 fear cap and adding advanced spells to the fear 
lines to make them current.  Now, this doesn't mean that all NPCs can be 
feared, we will be making use of a no-fear flag to stop potential game-play 
problems.

We will remove the hard coded aggro generated by poison based debuffs which 
will result in some DoTs and Tash generating less aggro than they currently 
do as well as more consistent aggro generation.

We are going to spread spell progression out for levels 1 to 50 to reduce 
the levels gaps between gaining new spells.  We would like casters to gain 
new spells every level and enjoy more even progression.

We are planning to add new abilities and disciplines to non-casters and 
spread those out between levels 1 to 50, along with their current abilities 
to make sure non-casters also have progression, in the form of a new 
ability, every level.

Pet owners will be able to click off any buffs they do not want their pet to 
have.

We are changing many of the all-or-nothing immune flags so they mitigate the 
effect instead.  We want you to use your abilities on most NPCs, but where 
we feel the ability might be problematic the ability will have a lesser 
effect.

You will see the healing messages for Heal Over Time spells.  There will 
also be a filter for this new message.

We will change the potion "Essence of Concealment" from invisibility to 
improved invisibility and make the components easier for alchemists to find.

All spells will check for immunity before they are cast.  So if the target 
is immune, the spell will not generate aggro for the caster.

We would like ammunition to auto-feed from your inventory directly to the 
ranged slot.

We are eliminating the +mana cap.

We are removing the inherent resist rate from rain spells.

Solo Play

EverQuest is a group-based game we all know that but we also know that there 
are times that many of us like to hunt alone.  Some of our classes can solo 
effectively, while others can't.  We plan to make changes to classes that 
struggle with soloing to allow them some solo play.  These changes will be 
made to only affect their abilities while solo and not affect how they 
perform in groups.

1.      We are still discussing the best way to go about this but some of 
the options we have discussed are listed here;

a.       Add healing potions to the game.  To prevent this from unbalancing 
the group game, we need to be careful how these potions work.  They may need 
to be a healing potion that does heal-over-time and does not stack with any 
other healing spells.  Another option is simply having a long reuse on the 
potion so its effectiveness in a group situation, where the player is 
generally taking on much more difficult NPCs, is not affected much.

b.      We are exploring class abilities that add the pieces needed to solo 
while also taking away the abilities that make them useful in a group 
situation.  An example of this is a warrior ability that increases their 
defensive abilities and gives them a damage boost, but causes them to be 
able to generate nearly no aggro while the ability is in effect, so the 
warrior would not be able to tank for most groups

Class Specific Changes

Now onto the class changes.  We know that this is what most of you are 
looking for and we think we have a pretty solid plan.  Again, as I mentioned 
above, this is just the beginning folks.  Our team is still crunching 
numbers and other changes are dependent upon that data.  We will not be 
making any changes to melee DPS, tanking and other combat balance issues 
until that data is completed and we see what effects these changes have on 
gameplay.  We ask that you please discuss these changes on your class board. 
And please folks, be constructive.  If you think the ideas have no merit, 
say why.  We can't work on it with you with bad feedback.  OMG This SUXXORS 
is not going to help.

Bards

We will be increasing your instrument mod cap and using itemization to limit 
the inherent power gains.  This also means that certain songs will have 
built in maximums to prevent them from scaling indefinitely.

Beastlords

We will add at least one new slow spell for you which has an innate 
resistance mod built in so that it lands more often.  This will help you 
perform the role of slower in your groups, since you don't have access to 
the powerful resistance lowering spells of other slowing classes.

We will be boosting your healing so it stays on par with ranger healing when 
we improve ranger heals.

We want to assure pet classes that we believe you should be able to use 
their pets in most gameplay situations, including raids.  We believe that 
pet classes do not have many problems with pets on raids at the moment, but 
want you to understand that we intend for you to use pets on raids and if 
you find that there is a problem, we will find ways to correct it.

We will be increasing the availability of pet focus items, particularly for 
the more casual players.

We will be looking into the casting time of some of your pet healing spells 
and reducing the casting time where appropriate.

Berserkers

Many Berserker complaints are about their damage output and this isn't 
something we can really address without the results of the number crunching. 
Our thoughts are that you are fine at lower levels and pretty decent at high 
levels with your AAs, but you may need some help at the mid levels.  Should 
our numbers support our thoughts, we will be adjusting things so your damage 
progression is smoother across the levels.

We are looking into the endurance cost of many of your abilities and 
lowering them as necessary.

We are looking into adding throwing quivers that grant innate haste similar 
to normal quivers.

Clerics

With Dragons of Norrath you gained two new spells that you seem to enjoy; 
Mark of Vengeance and Mark of Retribution.  We will be changing these spells 
into full spell lines that you get early on and that scale up as you level.



We want to make your Turn Undead spells effective at all levels.  Some of 
the suggested changes include:

a.       Changing the fear part of the spell so the rest of the spell still 
works even if the fear fails or removing the fear portion of the spell 
entirely.

b.      Adding a strong snare effect.

Druids

Druids are a unique challenge in that the class is divided evenly between 
you offensive druids who enjoy doing damage, and you defensive druids who 
prefer to play the role of healer.  We want to support both play styles, but 
if we were to increase both halves of the druid equally the class would 
quickly become overpowered.  Our plan is to introduce a new option where a 
druid can enter into a particular "mode" or "stance" where they become 
better at one part at the expense of the other.  Our preferred solution for 
this is to add an innate ability for druids. The ability would get its own 
button similar to abilities such as backstab or track.  You will be able to 
be in one of three states and can switch between them once every 5 minutes.

a.       Normal - Their healing and offensive abilities are in balance. 
This is the state they exist in today.

b.      Offensive - Their offensive power is boosted by 25%, but they suffer 
a 50% reduction in the power of their healing spells.

c.       Defensive - Their healing power is boosted by 25%, but they suffer 
a 50% reduction in the power of their offensive spells.

Another of our goals is to broaden the core grouping roles to allow all 
classes to more easily put together groups.  Similar to how any of the 3 
main tanks should be able to perform that role in a group, we want any of 
the 3 healers to be able to perform the role of a main healer in a group. 
The changes mentioned above for druids will allow you to fill a healing role 
and perform at about 80% of the effectiveness of a cleric.

Enchanters

We will add higher level upgrades to the Word of Morell spell line.

We plan to change the way mana drain works.  In the past the spell had 
diminishing effects on NPCs above level 53.  We will be removing that 
limitation so you can use Theft of Thought on higher level caster NPCs and 
we can introduce more powerful spells in that line, in the future.  However, 
we will also be changing drains so that they only return the mana the NPC 
has instead of always returning the full amount.  If an NPC only has 100 
mana and your spell does a 400 drain, you will only get 100 mana.  This is a 
necessary change as most NPCs, including non-casters, are given small 
amounts of mana in order to power some innates.

We all know that the power of NPCs has climbed and the difficulty in 
charming NPCs has retreated.  This has led to an imbalance where you were 
able to charm NPCs that do far more damage than ever intended and with 
minimal risk.  This lead us to the unfortunate decision to make many NPC's 
uncharmable.  With OOW, we introduced a change to charm that allowed us to 
make most NPCs charmable again, but reduce their effectiveness and remove 
the gameplay imbalance.  We did this by reducing their stats while charmed. 
This presented some new problems though, the largest of which is you like to 
haste and buff your pets to get the most out of them and when the charm 
breaks, you face a much more powerful NPC.  We have a plan to ensure charm's 
usefulness and want to gather your opinion before putting it into motion.

a.       We want charm to be an integral part of your gameplay.  You should 
be able to grab a charmed pet in most circumstances and use that to benefit 
your group.

b.      We will be looking at the stats NPCs use when charmed to ensure they 
are within the intended range.

c.       We would like to add innate buff effects to enchanter charm spells. 
While an NPC is under the effects of the charm, they will also be under the 
effect of spells similar to what you would use to buff your pet.  When charm 
breaks those effects will go away so you are only dealing with the NPC in 
its base state.

d.      The change mentioned above would cause further imbalance in zones 
where NPCs don't currently lower their stats when charmed, the changes that 
were made in Omens will need to be made across the rest of the game and this 
will be the way new charm works in all of Norrath.

e.       After charm changes for all zones, we can go back and open up the 
use of charm in areas where it was previously excluded due to balance 
problems making charm much more usable throughout the game world.

Mages

We will be converting most, if not all, of your summons to place the items 
directly into the hands of the target.  Of course, we will also need a new 
toggle that lets players turn off this ability from anyone not in their 
group, anyone not in their raid, or anyone at all.

We will be adding new pet pack spells that contain the more used summoned 
pet item to help relieve the tedium of summoning many different items.

We will be fixing Turn Summoned in a way similar to how we fix Turn Undead 
for clerics.  See the cleric section for more details.

We want to assure pet classes that we believe you should be able to use 
their pets in most gameplay situations, including raids.  We believe that 
pet classes do not have many problems with pets on raids at the moment, but 
want you to understand that we intend for you to use pets on raids and if 
you find that there is a problem, we will find ways to correct it.

We will be increasing the availability of pet focus items, particularly for 
the more casual players.

We will be looking into the casting time of some of your pet heals and 
reducing the casting time where appropriate.

Monks

We will be reversing the AC mitigation reduction that you received during 
the Planes of Power era.

Necromancers

We will add new spells in the Screaming Terror line to give you some more 
combat utility.

We want to assure pet classes that we believe you should be able to use 
their pets in most gameplay situations, including raids.  We believe that 
pet classes do not have many problems with pets on raids at the moment, but 
want you to understand that we intend for you to use pets on raids and if 
you find that there is a problem, we will find ways to correct it.

We will be increasing the availability of pet focus items, particularly for 
the more casual players.

We will be looking into the casting time of some of your pet heal spells and 
reducing the casting times where appropriate.

Paladins

We want you to be a main tank in group situations.  We believe that you are 
currently able to fill this role, but want to assure you that our intent is 
for a group to be able to grab a warrior, paladin, or shadowknight as their 
main tank and be effective with any of them.

With DoN, you gained a limited form of defensive.  We are monitoring your 
feedback and if you like this direction; we plan to make it a full spell 
line that begins at the level warriors get the defensive discipline.

Rangers

Rangers are good at many things and when all the parts add up properly, they're 
a class that is in heavy demand.  Our feeling is that the parts are not 
adding up properly in the current game.  We are still digesting all of the 
DPS numbers and stats but in the meantime we identified a couple of things 
we can increase in the short term.

a.       We will be improving the damage you do through spells.

b.      We will be boosting your healing ability, particularly at the top 
end of the game.

Rogues

We will fix the problems with Assassin's Feint so it works correctly and 
then gauge your reaction to the working ability.  If it turns out to be 
something that you like, we will look into adding more combat utility 
through a similar means.

We are looking into adding throwing quivers that grant innate haste similar 
to how normal quivers work

Shadowknights

We also want Shadowknights to be a main tank in group situations. We believe 
that you are currently able to fill this role, but want to assure you that 
our intent is for a group to be able to grab a warrior, paladin, or 
shadowknight as their main tank and be effective with any of them.

With DoN, you also gained a limited form of defensive.  We are monitoring 
your feedback and if you like this direction; we plan to make it a full 
spell line that begins at the level warriors get the defensive discipline.

Shaman

In DoN you received the spells Spirit of the Leopard and Spirit of the 
Panther.  You seem to like these new spells and they have added more 
desirability for you in groups.  We will be extending these into full spell 
lines so that Shaman of other level ranges can see the benefits from these 
spells.

As with Druids, we are looking to increase your healing ability so you can 
function better as main healer in groups.  You folks are a little 
problematic though, since your healing ability is the function of not just 
your heals, but your ability to reduce an NPCs damage output through slows. 
In a situation where an NPC is fully slowable, you are a superb healer but 
against an NPC who cannot be slowed, your healing falls behind.  If we were 
to just improve your heals, you would quickly outshine any other healer when 
facing NPCs that can be slowed.  So, we are investigating ways to improve 
your healing ability only in circumstances where an NPC cannot be slowed or 
you choose not to slow the NPC (for your own strange reasons).  These 
changes will be rolled out at the same time as any druid healing changes to 
ensure that one class does not eclipse the other.

Warriors

Many of the ideas for changes to the warrior class are dependant upon the 
results of the data we are still compiling.  However, we are looking into 
improving your ability to solo in the mid and high level game as well as;

We are looking into the endurance cost of many of your disciplines and 
lowering them as necessary.

We will increase the knockback on Press the Attack slightly.

Wizards

With DoN, you received more mana efficient nukes that are aimed at improving 
your sustained DPS.  We will be extending this into a line of spells to help 
out with sustained DPS at different level ranges.

We will fix Manaburn.  Our preferred method is to uncap the ability and 
implement a cap based on the maximum percentage of health you can do in a 
single hit.  So one of you, facing a million hit point boss mob (fairly 
common in today's game) can expect a full manaburn to land for 10s of 
thousands of points of damage in one hit.



Once again I would like to remind you that this is the beginning of the 
changes and there is still more to come.  We encourage you to openly discuss 
these changes and let us know what you think.  We want this to be a 
cooperative exchange and we will chime in on your discussions when 
appropriate.

Thanks all.




