From 7582982018672389203
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bab4822c2e0631f6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-05-02 02:48:11 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!cox.net!news1.west.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "Brad McQuaid" <bmcquaid@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <HmZz8.169$Sp1.99209@news1.atlantic.net> <Bm3A8.7841$v32.752311@news1.west.cox.net> <35h1du0pj4oqpnktmmmakl6g9q3agku3tc@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: Firiona Vie ruleset changes. :(
Lines: 210
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <uX7A8.8689$v32.859419@news1.west.cox.net>
Date: Thu, 02 May 2002 09:48:10 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.7.228.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news1.west.cox.net 1020332890 68.7.228.40 (Thu, 02 May 2002 05:48:10 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 02 May 2002 05:48:10 EDT
Organization: Cox Communications
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:191874


"Dark Tyger" <darktyger@nowhere.com> wrote in message
news:35h1du0pj4oqpnktmmmakl6g9q3agku3tc@4ax.com...
> "Brad McQuaid" <bmcquaid@home.com> wrote:
>
> >-Aradune
> >
> >(disclaimer:  I no longer work for VI/SOE and my opinions are just mine)
>
> While we're on changes, and since you're here, I'm sure more than a
> few of us would be interested in hearing your opinion on the changes
> that have come down the line since you left. (soublinders, smoothing
> the xp curve up to 50 (killing hell levels), adding hybrids to
> halfings and gnomes, removal of book-medding before level 35, so on)
> Were any of these changes in the works before you left?
>

Several of the changes were in the works before I left (some planned long
before I left), and some were not.

I will give you my opinions, but first I want to say that those left running
EQ now... well, it's their game now.  And I respect that and I respect them.
I left, and then decided to start a new, smaller company, and have been
staffing it up with people who want to make a new game, and people who share
certain game philosophies with me, who have the same goals and vision.  EQ's
still a fantastic game, I'm still very fond of it, and while I don't
necessarily agree with all of the decisions being made, the game still has a
very, very special place in my heart.  And I'm not going to make a habit of
armchair quarterbacking, nor second guessing people.

Also, again, these are my opinions.  This is me looking in from the outside
now, and while I certainly still have friends there, my views aren't a
result of any special insight or insider information.  Rather, this is just
my perspective as both an EQ player and one the old-school architects behind
the original vision and design of the game (which, arguably, had at least
something to do with the product's success :).

So, let's see, some of the more recent changes made that you mentioned
above:

1. Soulbinders.  No, these came after I left, and no I don't care for them.
To me, interdependece is very important for community building, and creating
an environment where people had to go out of their way to talk to people,
get to know them, and ask for things (binds, CRs, rezes, etc.) is important.
The seeds of friendships often form around these interdependencies... people
remember the kindly mage who bound them, or the cleric who rezed them.
Maybe they pay back that kind deed in the future, and help that person with
a CR.  Maybe they become casual friends... maybe they end up in a guild
together.  Sure, looking for a bind can be frustrating, but I never truly
found it that difficult, and it's always been and will continue to be my
opinion that the positives as they relate to community building outweigh the
negatives associated with the occasional frustration of finding someone to
bind you at the early levels.

2. Hell level removal.  Hell yeah! :)  I emailed Scott Hartsman a big
congrats when they found a solution to this.  Pretty much everyone had
wanted these gone for a long time, but a clean way to do it, combined with
the time to both implement the fix and test it thoroughly (something you
DON'T want to do is screw up a bunch of character's experience points) just
never surfaced while I was there.  A lot of running an MMOG is about
managing the resources you have and prioritizing them.  You have all sorts
of pressures to get new content in, to balance the game, to work on the next
big expansion...  And because of that certain items on the task lists would
often perpetually slip, replaced by items deemed more important or urgent or
easier to implement (more bang for the buck) or less risky.  From my
perspective from the outside, it looks like, probably because of the
continued unprecedented success of the game and the window of opportunity
they had in-between finishing Luclin and starting PoP, they finally had the
time and opportunity to really look into hell levels and fix them the right
way.  I applaud their efforts in a BIG way. In fact, the change went in
right as I was hitting level 40 on FV, so I was selfishly very pleased as
well :)

3. More hybrid/class options.  Hrm. Mixed feelings on this, and this was an
old topic... people have always debated adding new class options to
different races (heh, I remember a big push by a group of players to put in
gnome monks in beta), and sometimes we did (for example, Erudite Necros with
the addition of Paineel).  I guess my feelings boil down to this:  I'm for
more options when they make sense, and when they don't dilute the value of
races being purposely different.  Adding Erudite Heretics made sense when we
added Paineel as a new, free zone.  Adding some of these new race/class
combinations recently made less sense to me and seemed a little arbitrary.
But that doesn't mean I think it was a huge deal -- certainly nothing
'threatening' the long term health of the game by any means.  I just would
have prefered a big story or a new zone or city or something that went along
with the special introduction of a new race/class combination -- an in-game
RP reason, if you will -- that's all.

4. The Book/medding issue.  Ah, this is a really old issue and a really old
debate.  The original intent was influenced by D&D and some earlier MUDs;
that being, that it made sense that a caster had to focus very intently when
memorizing spells and/or regaining mana.  In fact, very early in beta, you
couldn't even talk when medding.  What this quickly turned into was one of
those 'realism vs. fun' issues, and typically fun should win when it comes
to games.  So, in 20/20 hindsight the book was a bad idea, but by the time
we really realized this, it was part of the game, so we changed it later to
disappear at 35.  The idea there being that while it was a pain, it was also
an incentive to level -- a reward for getting to 35, and rewards are
good(TM).  But we still weren't satisfied with that, and neither were the
players.  So we came up with a plan with two goals:  1. eliminate or at
least significantly reduce the hassle of the spellbook but 2. keep the
carrot out there -- continue to reward the caster for leveling.  What we
came up with was going to be part of the new interface that was to be
incrementally patched into the game, and that was to have the book start out
opaque at low levels, and then slowly but surely become more translucent as
you leveled up.  The idea was to have it fairly quickly cease to be in the
way, but also be something that simlultaneously visually communicated
continual advancement to the player.  Unfortunately, we didn't have the time
to get this in as I was leaving, and while Jeff was going to try later,
finishing Luclin just became a huge priority.  I would have liked to have
seen it implemented right after Luclin, but my understanding is some other
issues came up, and the decision was made to just turn it off.  I guess
that's fine too, but it eliminated the reward and positive feedback portion
of the plan (though it certainly removed the hassle).  So, a good thing
overall, but I'd rather have seen a more robust implementation/fix.

5. No CR's at lower levels.  This was something that specifically came up
after my departure, but is part of a larger goal that had existed for quite
some time, that being to work on making the first 10 levels or so of the
game more user friendly... to reduce as many barriers to entry as possible.
We knew that over time, even though the MMOG gamespace was (and is) growing
quickly, that more and more new players were less 'core' gamers and more
'casual' gamers.  Therefore, a variety of ideas were continually tossed
around as to how we might do this.  Like I said, though, the removal of CRs
idea came up after I left (and after Jeff left as well, I believe).  Here's
my take on it:  an admirable goal, but a flawed execution.  Yes, CRs at low
levels, for a new player, can be very daunting and have probably turned
quite a few newbies off, perhaps even causing them to quit the game.  When
you don't know the surroundings, and you die in the middle of Qeynos Hills,
it can really be a pain trying to get back to your corpse.  And the premise
behind CRs was never really about having to FIND your corpse, but rather,
having to fight back to your corpse, thereby creating a dynamic aspect to
the death penalty.  In other words, dying in the depths of a dungeon ought
to be scarier and more painful than dying just outside a city on the top of
a hill.  The experience and treasure should be better in the dungeon, and
therefore so should the CR be more difficult (risk vs. reward 101).

The problem, however, with removing CRs at lower levels is that CRs are an
integral and fundamental part of the game.  In my opinion, flat out removing
them at lower levels is really doing the newbie a disservice.  He or she
begins playing the game, dies, doesn't have to CR, loses no experience,
etc., all the way up until level 11, and then bammo! 'what the heck happened
there?!?'  Where is my body?  What's up with this experience loss?  I'm not
prepared for this at all, and now at level 11, well, losing my stuff and
this experience loss rather hurts!' (Whereas, I'd argue, losing your corpse
at 4 or 5 isn't nearly as painful).

So the solution I advocated was to keep the CRs around, but to lead the
newbie back to his corpse.  In other words, introduce him to a fundamental
game mechanic, but also realize that he or she doesn't know the lay of the
land, especially in some of these larger outdoor areas, and often has NO
clue where he or she died.  So, in summary, I wanted to see the same code
used in Tracking used to lead the new player back to his corpse.  If you
were not in the zone your corpse was in, it would tell you what zone your
corpse was in.  And then when you entered the zone your corpse was in, it
would lead you to it using the same messages Tracking uses (e.g. 'your
corpse is ahead and to the right').  To me, this would have eased the
frustration associated with lower level CRs, removed some barriers to entry,
but still prepared the newbie for a fundamental component of EverQuest's
death penalty.  Unfortunately, however, I guess it was a lot easier to just
'turn CRs off'.

6. Raising the price/Premium Servers.  Well, this one's really
controversial, and I'm just going to speak generically about the issue as a
whole and as it relates to the MMOG genre:  players want more and more with
every generation of these games, and the developers want to deliver.  We all
love these games, and realize their short and long term potential.  We want
more detailed worlds, more dynamic worlds, more interactivity, more in-game
events, better customer service, etc.  Once upon a time, a long time ago,
EA/Origin decided to charge 10 bucks for UO.  This sort of set a standard,
and it was sort of an arbitrary decision too.  I guess my opinion is this:
if we (developers and players) want more, we're probably going to have to
pay more.  These games simply cost a LOT of money to make and maintain, and
will probably get more and more expensive over the next ten years or so
until they even rival movie budgets.  To me, that's extremely exciting and
why I'm dedicated to this genre for the long haul.  But, consequently, I see
the $10/month standard going the way of the dodo.

Anyway, I really don't want to sound too negative.  A lot of great changes
have been made to the game as of late, and a lot of great changes and
additions to EverQuest have been made throughout all of its history.  The
game has gotten better and better, and will probably continue to get better.
That's what's wonderful about MMOGs -- you can patch!  These games evolve
and players' ideas and developers new revelations can be added in after
launch, and while mistakes are made, and sometimes developers over react,
overall, when looking at things from the 20,000 ft. view, I think the
various MMOGs have by and large improved over time.

I'm also very excited about Planes of Power, much of which was planned while
I was there, and IMHO if they adhere to what was planned back then, then
wow, this is going to be a great expansion.  For me however, as I've posted
in the past, it's time to move on, skip a generation, and head right into
the third generation of MMOGs.  It's far, far too early to talk about our
plans, but I can say that the team that's being assembled and the designs
being discussed... well, this genre hasn't even scratched the surface yet in
terms of what's in our future :)

-Brad McQuaid
 President & CEO
 Sigil Games Online, Inc.
 www.sigilgames.com

(disclaimer:  I no longer work for VI/SOE and my opinions are just mine)









