From 4499799437927788874
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e9bc21ff9f6127b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-16 12:26:37 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news0.telusplanet.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3D345F67.A4B0B971@dejazzd.com>
Subject: Re: Points systems and why I hate em
Lines: 125
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <pg_Y8.17184$xm1.675133@news0.telusplanet.net>
Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2002 19:14:29 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: news0.telusplanet.net 1026846869 216.232.78.121 (Tue, 16 Jul 2002 13:14:29 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 16 Jul 2002 13:14:29 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:212496

"Lance Berg" <emporer@dejazzd.com> wrote in message
news:3D345F67.A4B0B971@dejazzd.com...
>
> OK, so there you are in a guild.  They run loot on a points
> system.  What happens?  Some people have more points
> than others; basically they play more so they go to raids more
> and accumulate points faster.
>
> They get all the loot they want at those raids.

    This is a sign of a poorly designed points system. One of the features a
points system should have is that total guild points after an event should
be zero-sum. That is, if you're giving out 1 point to each person going, you
think that 30 people on average will be required to kill the monster, and he
drops three items each time, then the point cost of the worst item he drops
better be 10 points. That way, people who spend points on drops don't stay
ahead of everyone in points.

> Meantime, other people don't play as often, or don't go
> to raids so much.  So their point totals lag behind.  They
> get nothing at raids save the occaisional dribbles that all
> the higher point people already have, or have better than.

    Or just don't want to spend points on. One of the negative features of
points systems is a higher rot rate - people save for the "big ticket" items
and don't waste points on what would be minor upgrades, so items that could
improve the guild end up rotting instead. The monk 2HB off Vulak rotted on
our server because the points system guild that killed him had no monks
willing to spend the high number of points required to get the weapon - and
it was the only one to ever drop, as it turned out.

> I'm told (in each of the guilds I've been in) that the idea of
> points is to encourage people to go on raids where they
> have no chance of winning anything.

    It's to encourage participation, and to make sure that the people who do
participate the most (and who presumably are therefore most important to
success) get rewarded for it. It's depressing to see the "sunshine players"
come out only when there's a chance they could get their dream loot - points
puts a stop to sunshining. The negative side is, as you later point out,
casual players feel left out by the system. They get the dregs of the loot
pool, and feel they deserve better for showing up as often as they can.

> While I understand that its nice to have a way to reward say
> a cleric for going to Fear by giving him points he can then
> use when going to Hate, in practice the system seems to work
> the other way around.  I'm less and less eager to go on
> raid after raid when I know that I'm not getting anything
> no matter what drops.

    Again, that sounds like an item costing error in your system. Getting
stuff should cost a LOT of points, so people have to keep playing frequently
to get back to parity with others after taking a drop. That serves to spread
stuff around a little bit more.

    Having said that, let me ask you a question. I'll use the Emperor Key as
my example. The key to get to the Emperor in Ssra is a really nifty ring,
Ring of the Shissar - AC 5 STA/INT/WIS 4 HP 80 MANA 65 and a focus effect
(off the top of my head, could be slightly off on stats). To get it requires
camping tough mobs in the basement for the combine pouch, then camping mobs
on the first floor until the rare-pop Commander spawns, then camping tough
mobs on the second floor until the rare-pop Commander spawns, then having a
raid in the top floor to clear mobs until one of the three rare-pop mobs
spawns. After you get your ring, there's nothing you can get from continuing
to kill things in those places. Do you continue to go? When a raid is called
for the top floor, do you go do XP or tradeskills or play an alt and hope
that there's enough people at the raid to get rings for everyone else?

    The same thing happens in other raid situations. It sucks when, say, the
other clerics have their PoH armour and are unwilling to go back to Hate to
help you get yours. You need a way to ensure that people always have a
reason to go on a raid. And for reference - my guild is officer decision
loot, and I strongly support that. But I can see the problems it causes with
sunshining and the people that do go to every raid feeling unappreciated
when the big uber drop finally comes and it's given to someone that plays
once per week.

> Mind you I still go on a lot of raids, but I'm not type of
> person the point system is designed for; I go to the raids
> because I like raids, like the large group interactions,
> like doing new things that small groups can't handle.  I also
> stop going to raids so much when we keep doing the
> same things, even though perhaps if I kept at them I'd
> finally start getting the drops there, since I'm not there for
> the drops or for the points, but for the novelty and challenge;
> if its getting old and we can do it easy I'm losing interest.

    You're not the sort of person the raiding system is designed for. ;-)
The whole idea behind raiding is to raid something until it stops upgrading
your guild. That way you're constantly improving, which allows you to tackle
bigger challenges. If you don't farm the crap out of something once you've
bested it, you don't improve the gear of your raiders and you can't handle
the next big challenge - you become stalled. It's ironic, but the key to
always seeing new things is to revisit those old things until they stop
being a valid use of time.

> IN the meantime, I note that the high point people get
> very nicely equipped, then drop out of the guild, since
> their level and equipment gets so much better than that
> of the rank and file that they want to go do things the
> guild itself cant' support?  Why?  Because the good stuff
> is concentrated on the few at the top of the heap...who
> then leave.

    Points systems mask the underlying problem in a non-top tier guild:
people are progressing at different rates. Player A is gung-ho, plays at
least five hours every night, wants to beat every mob in the game. Player B
is casual, plays a couple of days per week for a few hours, just wants to
have fun. Player A is going to become very frustrated that he cannot achieve
things because Player B isn't geared up and ready to face those challenges.
If player A really does play more, he would have got more drops anyways in a
random system - and would have been just as frustrated, and would have left
at about the same time.

    As for good stuff getting you in the top guilds - I can't deny it
happens in other guilds. My guild guilds the player, not the character, but
I know we are the exception. But like I said - these people who want to
achieve aren't going to forget about that and stay in your guild if there's
no points system. They just won't go to the top guild on the server, or
won't be able to leave for that guild as quickly.

    James





