From -284957104469372396
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7fbb03a663efd735
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-06 07:45:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Complete 100% Brand New Newbie
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <0pvfutc8f84d1chndr1vhq4cmils6k36na@4ax.com>
References: <tueqd5ht6t6923@corp.supernews.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 145
Date: Tue, 06 Nov 2001 15:45:08 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1005061508 24.3.225.40 (Tue, 06 Nov 2001 07:45:08 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 06 Nov 2001 07:45:08 PST
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:132892

On Mon, 5 Nov 2001 22:40:44 -0600, "Orrin Kinion"
<okinion@nospam.mindless.com> wrote:

>I just bought the EQ Triology and had just a few questions.  I am very
>interested in the ShadowKnight class but I noticed the character creation
>screen said this was a difficult class to play.  I am really excited about
>EQ so I dont want to overwelm myself with a hard, complex class to start
>off, is the ShadowKnight really difficult to play?  

It was, its a fantastic class now. The "difficult" that comes in is
faction difficulty but its not really that bad. For example, a troll
sk is no more difficult to play than any troll. Of course a dark elf
sk has much worse factions than an agnostic warrior dark elf but that
is because agnostic dark elves have pretty good factions.


>Will I be able to play
>solo with a shadowknight (keep in mind I wont know how to do any of the
>advanced tactics like most)?  

Yes, they are about the only melee that can solo very well
consistantly to 60. Yeah, notice I say "very well".


>I basically want to play a fun class thats
>mostly melee with some spells and I need to be able to play solo for awhile
>as I have no friends in EQ (yet?).  Now one last question (sorry, I'm
>exicted here, hehe), I think this Firiona Vie server sounds like loads of
>fun, is this too much for a newbie?  

Probably so since its too much for non newbies. That being said
though, as a newb you'd not know any better ;)


>If so, could anyone tell me what is the
>newest non split server?  Thanks so much and if you have any wisdom to pass
>on, I am all ears!

"Newest" is moot. On the newest non split many people would be in
their 50's and 60 anyway. If I were you I'd look at the servers and
select the LEAST (at the very top) populated regular non pvp and non
FV server. 

Ah and as an sk don't make mistakes like adding to int, you are a
melee type first and a sometime caster second. 

Ogre is the best sk really (if you make agil at least 75) since it
can't be stunned from the front and has the highest starting stamina,
possibly add to str and dump the rest into sta (I've heard human and
other sks say at 60 they'd wish they'd been an ogre but I've never
once heard an ogre say that about another race). Troll is a lot like
ogre but has regen so you always regen at 2 x the hp, my troll sk is
33 and tons o' fun. Dark elf has good average stats and int so high
you really never have to worry about it, they are also smaller so can
fit in more places than the first two and after human (and possibly
erud) have the best starting factions in old world human kind areas
(like freeport for example) they also have the best vision though its
not a huge issue for sks who get a vision spell anyway, iksar is a lot
like dark elf but has 2x regen like the troll and even better sk stats
really  and has the best starting areas in the game (with great
factions there of course) they also have their own armor quests in
their own area which is for armor better than darkforge, Erudite is a
very horrible sk as far as stats go (highest int, but its largely
moot, low dex, agil, str) but people play it anyway and do fine
eventually (now with the paineel newb area and warrens they have a
really good starting area also), Human is a lot like the dark elf but
sees worse and has the best human kind starting factions of an sk
(since they are human of course)

For an sk you pretty much make sure agil is at least 75, add to str
maybe if they are weak and not an ogre, forget int since you'll always
have pretty much enough mana anyway and since they unerfed lifetaps
and other spells taking 3 times the amount of mana the parent casters
spells did it seems like you have a heck of a lot of mana anyway
(besides, my troll sk has base 70 int but is already up to like 89 at
level 33 with a moss and good sk AC/HP etc equipment which also has
int)

I'm a bit biased towards the larger sk races, here is a creation guide
from caster's realm for a more middle of the road view:

http://eq.castersrealm.com/creationguides/Shadowknight.asp

This statement:

"Trolls and Iksar level even slower than Ogres.  It will take an Iksar
or Troll Shadowknight more than twice the experience to reach Level 60
compared to a Halfling warrior." 

However is highly biased, note that it is saying a troll or iksar
levels slower but compares them to a HALFLING warrior, which is the
class or race that levels the FASTEST. SO its an unfair comparison.
Rather they should just say that the troll and iksar level 20 percent
slower than the dark elf, human or erud sk.

However, troll and iksar regen TWICE as fast and get xp ONE FIFTH as
slowly, do the math if you plan to solo and you'll see its more than a
fair trade. 

Ogre is only 15 percent slower than hum, eru and dark elf and you get
a heck of a lot for 15 percent.


"Iksars can only trade in Cabilis"

also not true, an iksar, like any evil, can raise dismal rage in the
east freep sewer with bone chips to xelha and train there from the sk
trainer in the next room and also use the merchants there (but might
want to be careful in the area around opal darkbriar and the inkie
cleric.. they are not on the same faction) Anyone starting at glower
dub can raise that faction to amiable very fast.

Also I'd not put much stock in exactly their wording of adding points:

"Ogre: Add 8 Intelligence, 7 Dexterity and 5 Agility "

I'd not waste the 8 points on intel myself, so much of your ogre sk
equip will be plus int by the time it will start to matter. That 8
points and 2 from dex would be better used on sta. Sta on the high end
is great for HP.

"Trolls: Add 15 Intelligence and 5 Dexterity."

Ahaha again, no way. Although I guess I must have added 8 to int.. boy
I wish I'd not wasted 8 there. OH and I left dex at 75, which is
plenty. I think I added more to sta and str.

This is also silly:

"Iksars: Add 10 Strength, 5 Dexterity and 5 Intelligence. "

at 85 int they have more than enough so why dump 5 points into that?
Dex is also plenty at 85, plop those points into sta to get sta as
close to 100 as possibly since you get a bonus on it if its 100 or
more (which it would be with equip later)

Looking at their chart now it seems really outdated, they have you
putting stuff on stats which have been shown to not matter much while
not putting points on the all important sta.




Email: dstephenathomedotcom
Find the @ and the . if you really need to.


