From 4934828444442597758
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,60971127ddc6a6a5,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-14 11:18:17 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <bob@DELETETHISplanetperez.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: LDoN Dungeon Creation Miscellany
Date: Fri, 14 Nov 2003 11:17:56 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <vraaj4keub6s1e@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <bob@DELETETHISplanetperez.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 79
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7456

I'm really enjoying the new LDoN adventure system for a variety of reasons.
First, I really like having the ability to chunk game time into a neat
little 2-hour package that has a reasonably known start point and a firm
endpoint ("Honey, I'll be done with this adventure in 32 minutes!"). For
those of us on heavy RL schedules with limited time to play, this is a
godsend. But I also like the fact that when I'm Adventuring, I'm so focused
on a goal that the experience just FLIES by because I spend more time
looking at Alt-V than counting ticks on the experience bar. Finally, it's
caused me to really get to know a much wider assortment of players at my
level in my community because, eventually, most of us wind up playing in
each other's LDoN groups. This is neat.

One of the perennial debates that takes place in LDoN groups is the question
of how dungeons are created. In about 90% of the LDoN groups I've been in,
the lowest level character is instructed to enter first. As I understand the
system, this is irrelevant but it's usually pointless to argue the matter so
I just go along quietly. At my level (52) I'm not sure it's a huge issue,
but I'm thinking that at some point into the future (i.e., 60's) it will be
a bigger issue, so I'd like to make sure that I understand how the math
actually works because mob level will become more significant. Here's my
understanding, based on bits and pieces that I've culled from a variety of
conversations. Please feel free correct any misunderstandings and point me
to any references you're aware of.

1) The mob level of an LDoN adventure is set at the time of adventure
assignment and is based on the average level of the group. It doesn't matter
who enters the dungeon first since the matter's already been determined by
the time you're entering.

2) The amount of points available to the members of the group for a
successful completion of the adventure is set at the time of adventure
assignment and is based again on the average level of the group and the
difficulty selected. Each person's actual point allocation for success is
determined by that person's level rank relative to the rest of the group.
This explains empirical observations that a person who enters an LDoN
adventure at level 50 can get xx points from a win, turn around and re-enter
with a different group that has an identical average level , but where his
position is higher in relative rank, enter the adventure again at level 50
and exit with a success still at level 50, but this time get xx+y points for
success.

3) A player's allocation of success points is determined based on his level
rank *at the time of success". This explains empirical observations that a
person who enters a dungeon at 50 and gets xx points for success, then turns
around and enters a similar adventure with the exact same group and dings to
51 part way through the adventure, then exits with xx+y points.

Another theory I've heard is that a dungeon is actually created in the
database at the time the adventure is displayed in the adventure selection
window. This is offered as an explanation for why there's a delay if you
Decline; it has to be cleaned out of the database and a new dungeon has to
be created for the next offered adventure. Personally, I hope this one is
not true because it seems like a horribly inefficient way to manage a
system. I would expect that the adventure descriptions could be displayed in
rapid sequence and that once one is selected, the dungeon could be created
while players are enroute. Even if a delay is indeed required, much better I
think to impose that delay once the adventure is selected rather than force
players to slog through the allocation and de-allocation of dungeon
resources associated with adventure types they have no intention of
entering. Just doesn't make sense from an implementation standpoint. My
guess is that the real reason for the delays is a policy decision by SOE
imposing a cost for adventure shopping. They would like to see a more
even-handed distribution of adventure types and get more people exposed to
Rescues, etc., so they make it cost you precious time to reject that Rescue
that's been offered, in hopes that you'll just go along and discover
something you might not otherwise have experienced. I don't like that design
approach, but I can understand it.

Thoughts?

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Mystic of 52 winters
Citizen of Firiona Vie








