From 3183427078053973563
X-Google-Thread: fb739,94537c1ed1b5c11a
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2006 05:40:10 -0500
Date: Wed, 21 Jun 2006 06:40:07 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Dwarf Paladin
References: <eL6dnej2XdlUUwrZnZ2dnUVZ_tCdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <eL6dnej2XdlUUwrZnZ2dnUVZ_tCdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <C_qdnUDK-Z6WvwTZnZ2dnUVZ_qWdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 127
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.22.136
X-Trace: sv3-x0ZNmySBl8fT0+777pCsbNjVdlBdpIm7FmSK5Cv3ZWY02IWSjuetGtejpTZkr/AJSwlVfJuLgZO3AEK!Zntknw8ZXxm70LY16p41fydb/oRcZxrGsNrpUXtbocikC6s7vQqHwD1HXDgi59i2rNAZt3GdT1rU!MOaRmGdDjMA=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:2666



Lance Berg wrote:

> Started a dwarf pally, old school style.  First thought; its quite a run 
> to BB, two zones from the paladin guild.  There are a few rats running 
> around, but I mean very few, even down in the mine.  Loot on the 
> skeletons outside is pretty cheap, I went after them about 50% of the 
> time but never saw a single staff, weapons of any kind were rare in fact.
> 
> Rarer were items from the list for newbie armor, I got very few of the 
> drops required despite making a point of killing only goblins, 
> skeletons, scarabs and spiderlings; I suspect for the most part the 
> drops require more difficult mobs than the ones on newbie hill.
> 
Yep, eventually found everything, and could kill most of it solo by 
level 8, except for the bandit Margyl, who killed me repeatedly until I 
hit tenth level, and the Enraged Goblins, who continue to look 
impossible for many levels to come; Allakazham reports indicate they are 
underconned at their 14-16 level range.  This means no breastplate and 
no weapon for a while, since each requires a set of their beads.

Some notes; I went to Steamfont and farmed the kobold camps to gather 
the 21 bricks of crude bronze I need... then only later discovered that 
the goblins (but not the whelps) in BB also drop them.  I found Gypsy 
Wine in Kelethin, so thats not too bad.  Ogre Jawbones drop, not off the 
wandering greenbloods, but some "Crude brutes" near Dagnors entrance, 
but worst of all were the Shattered Warbeads; I never got one to drop in 
BB, but had to go to Misty Thicket, where they and the Runnyeye Warbeads 
dropped fairly regularly.

> Its a long walk to anything harder, though.
> 
It is a bit of a walk, but not a particularly dangerous one, visibility 
is good and most mobs don't aggro till very close range, if at all.

> Killing skellies did yeild lots of bone chips, and there's a pally guild 
> quest (doable by anyone actually) which takes 4 chips and hands out a 
> little cash, some lowbie armor that fits, and some exp along with 
> faction; other quests in the guild appear to take more faction, so this 
> latter is important, moreso of course to non paladins (I've done this 
> quest before, many times, with other characters who needed the faction)
> 
The exp on this is still significant at 10th level, a blue per 4 chips, 
the danger is that you can level up past your skills.  However, assuming 
you wait till you've capped the skills you are working on, handy way to 
finish up the level, while keeping the chips out of the hands of the 
necromancers and SKs.

> Looking at spells, I was unable to find the level 1 spell, Salve, which 
> is mildly annoying.  But much more annoying, I couldn't find Cease... 
> and I suspect won't be able to.  I think it was added with Luclin.
> 
Salve is given to you free in the tutorial, and doesn't seem to appear 
anywhere else.  Luckily, its functionality is quickly lost, it costs 8 
mana for a 9 point heal, while minor healing costs 10 mana for a 20 
point heal, and you get that at level 6.

Cease is also available in the tutorial, but can be bought elsewhere, 
just not in the old world as far as I could find.  It looks like a stun 
and gives a stun message when it lands, but seems to function more as an 
interrupter than as a stun... and against the few caster mobs I tried it 
on, one thats too slow to actually work for that purpose.  Probably 
because they are low level, and so have fast casting spells.

> This means a paladin won't have his basic "tons of stuns" functionality 
> till much later in the game.  Looking at the progression, SK get their 
> first pet at level 7, while Paladins get... nothing.
> 

> Second stun is at level 13, but its also a Luclin spell I think, funny 
> thing is I seem to have named my character after it, but if this was a 
> progression server I wouldn't be able to buy it for a year or so!
> 
Looking ahead till level 20, still no stuns on the list.  Of the list we 
do get, Flash of Light is very functional, and the healing is good to 
have although it lags behind cleric healing, Yaulp is nice, and of 
course Lull makes a huge difference, enough to make me reconsider Dwarf 
as my choice of paladin race... maybe something with a much higher 
charisma is in order, so I can single pull more reliably!

Again looking ahead till level 20, at 12 I finally get Light Healing, 
and then at 19, Root.  The rest of the spell list is pretty much junk.

So how's the character, anyway?  Well, I can see growing to like this. 
As I said before, my favorite class in days of old was cleric, but I had 
the annoying tendancy to solo with him and melee with him.  As a 
paladin, I can melee with impunity, in fact I'm -supposed- to do that, 
nobody mutters in group chat that I ought to sit on my butt and med 
mana.  Unlike the warrior I played to level 30 once (my longest stint as 
a Main Tank class), though, the paladin has some tricks up his sleeve, 
and can heal up after (or even during) a fight in a way that then maxes 
out his "sit on his butt" benefit; getting mana and HP back at the same 
time, instead of just HP (or in the case of many casters, just mana)

One funny note, though, at very low levels, the "pure melee" classes 
actually dish out significantly more damage, simply thru continual use 
of Throw Stone.  With the sort of weapon available in an "old world 
only" and "no bazaar" and "no high levels trying to dump loot" economy, 
adding 1 point every few seconds to the 6 points or so but with lots of 
misses damage output really means something.

At any rate, due to trying to stick to the old world, I didn't get to 
group much, when I hit the wall in terms of getting any more quest armor 
drops, I finally went and did the tutorial for a couple levels, and did 
some grouping there, but didn't get a real 6 man, MT, Healer, CC, DPS 
thing going.  And of course I was way behind the curve against many of 
the people in there, who have twink gear or have gone over to POK and 
picked up massive buffs.

Worst thing I can see about the class at this point is that I really 
don't know where to get decent weapons, its just not something I've ever 
dealt with.  While in the Tutorial I picked up a Gloomsteel Sword which 
has a damage output nearly twice that of the *short sword I was issued 
at creation, none of the few dropped weapons I picked up while playing 
in BB even seemed to beat the ratio of that original one.  I did go pick 
up an Abandoned Orc Shovel, but I used POK to do it; I can make the run 
on foot, but I'm not sure I'll rush to do so, at this point I'm still 
not all that excited about working on a weapon skill where I have to 
give up using Bash.  At any rate, while passing thru, I noted that the 
gypsy camp there in RM has combine weapons for sale, so perhaps a 
Combine Short Sword would be my first upgrade.  I kept thinking it would 
be the underfoot quest weapon, but it looks like thats another 5+ levels 
in my future.

Lance
Desist, level 10 paladin, Bertox


