From 1264254213315709125
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b73e6700602062c9,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-17 05:54:06 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!c03.atl99!news.webusenet.com!diablo.voicenet.com!216.65.3.50.MISMATCH!news-out1.newsfeeds.com!propagator2-maxim!feed-maxim.newsfeeds.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To:  emporer@dejazzd.com
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: LDoN and the little things
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 136
Message-ID: <Hz4ub.3044$y5.203092@nnrp1.ptd.net>
Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2003 14:04:23 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.252.67
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1069077863 66.109.252.67 (Mon, 17 Nov 2003 09:04:23 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2003 09:04:23 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7722

I was in an LDoN group last night along with Winterfury, and we failed 
the mission.

Looking back, Winter asked me why I thought we'd failed, and at first I 
really couldn't see how it was our fault.

It was a rescue mission, and we drew a large map for it, which meant 
that I couldn't find the rescue victim using my eye despite numerous 
scouting missions with it.  Once we finally located him, we couldn't get 
him moving because of Z axis issues, we ended up having to run around 
and kill a lot of mobs that weren't really close to where we were 
leading him.

But then I thought about it some more, and while those -were- issues, 
they weren't enough really to explain what went wrong.  We didn't make a 
wrong turn, we were headed the right way for the victim as it turns out, 
so the scouting issue wasn't really important.  And we didn't get -to- 
the victim until time ran out, so his Z axis issues weren't what made us 
fail... further, we managed to resolve his issues and make it out with 
him anyway during the 30 minute consolation period (oooh, I got 4 points...)

So what did go wrong?  Well I can't put my finger on any particular 
thing and say "thats it".  It was a wealth of little things.

My KEI dropped about halfway in.  I'd gotten it some time before the run 
started, doing something else, and I thought that its duration  would be 
longer than our run time, so I didn't make any effort to get it 
refreshed.  I could have nuked more with more mana flow.  I also spent a 
lot more time than usual scouting with the eye; I'm used to being able 
to locate the target or at least eliminate some possible routes as dead 
ends... this time I couldn't seem to get an angle on what was happening, 
and this meant that I wasn't as attentive to some of the combats as I 
could have been, plus the eye does take a little mana to run, which I 
could have put into nuking instead.  All in all, I could probably have 
done 10% more than I did.

Winterfury, I think, was slowing mobs more than nuking (I don't really 
know, but I know that in the -next- run we did together, when I was 
paying more attention because I'd been thinking about this one, we 
talked and a lot of nuke messages with his name on them showed up). 
This is tricky, slowing saves healer mana because the mobs do less 
damage during the time they are alive, but nuking saves healer mana 
because the mobs die sooner... so the question is which will have a 
bigger effect.  In LDoN missions, I tend to lean towards the "more DPS" 
solution as the mobs tend to die pretty fast.  Shaman nuking isn't going 
to double your kill speed, but they do have good mana regen rate, and 
the difference in tactics would probably mean 10% better performance for 
the group.

Our rogue, well, died three times at least, scouting ahead.  This meant 
pauses while waiting for him to get back, or to get rezed, rez cost 
cleric mana.  Plus he was frequently AFK after dying, which meant we 
couldn't get his body moved because we didn't have consent.  And instead 
of treating his deaths as a speed bump, the group leader stopped the 
movement entirely each time till we got him back... rogue isn't the MT, 
isn't the luller, isn't the sole healer; he's DPS, which means we kill 
slower without him, but most groups I've been in would continue killing 
while recovering the body.  Also, I don't think I've seen anyone killed 
this frequently while scouting, clearly his skills need some work, but 
perhaps he's not the right class for the job.  I do have that eye, which 
I'm working on getting good with; it never aggros anything, never 
triggers any traps, and has a fair range to it, certainly long enough to 
see whats in the next couple rooms.  I need to get better at explaining 
what I see with it, but assuming the puller doesn't have bind sight a 
rogue scout will have to develop the same skill.  Now the down time 
wasn't wasted, as we never got to FM, but the rez time and mana, and the 
buff mana were, I'd put this down as 10% of the problem at least.

I think our puller was overly aggressive with his lulling, I've worked 
with quite a few lull pullers since LDoN release, and the good ones lull 
only a couple mobs at a time, not the whole room; they have an idea 
which mobs are close enough together that they will aggro if the other 
is pulled, and lull out key elements to prevent chain pull, instead of 
lulling every mob regardless of range or position.  This means less time 
spent lulling, less mana spent on lulling, and less risk; every lull is 
a potential failed lull and a potential overpull if the check versus 
caster charisma also fails.  Not that the latter ever happened that run, 
the luller was an enchanter with presumably a very high charisma.  Did 
he waste tons of time or mana on this?  No, maybe 10%.

Worst problem though of all was lack of communication.  There were no 
assist me messages, no "move up" or "stay, pulling to here" messages. 
Since the SK and rogue and enchanter were all moving around being 
involved in the pulling process, it was very hard to tell if we were 
going to engage in the room or not, this meant both Winter and I had 
some delay before sending in our pets, and numerous times half the fight 
was over because it was taking place in the next room while we waited 
for the next pull to come to us.  Critical difference?  No, our pets 
don't do -that- much damage, where a few seconds less of their help per 
battle makes a huge change in efficiency, and it doesnt' really matter 
where I put my one nuke per battle, near the beginning or near the end, 
the damage shaves the same amount of time per kill off either way... but 
again, maybe 10% worse performance out of each of us.

Additionally, the leader took a heavy handed approach to what was going 
on; he (enchanter) was scouting and lulling, and towards the end tried 
moving up to the rescue victim along with the rogue... who of course 
died...  but when we offered to go ahead and kill off the mobs down 
below while he moved on up the stairway, he told us to sit tight. 
Easily single pulled mobs that -had- to be killed to get the victim to 
move, but we just sat there and stared at them, under orders to wait, as 
the clock ran out.  Then we were told to run up the stairway to his 
position, whereupon we managed to aggro the mobs he'd lulled and end up 
with sufficient mess that half of us died before things were under 
control.  Lull movement is hard to pull off, and in a rescue, its 
frankly useless since the victim will -not- come along with you till 
those mobs are dead, he has no faith at all in lull.  If there had been 
better communication I don't think that particular debacle would have 
happened.  I dont' think we'd have succeded anyway, by that time we were 
too close to out of time to get the victim all the way back to the exit 
even if all mobs were dead... but it was another 10% problem.

There was communication, mind you, but it was all in the form of "the 
rogue is really doing a great job, lots of our damage is coming from 
him" and similar feel good messages for each of the rest of us.  Hell, I 
know my job is important, I know the rogue's job is important... but 
there's only so much of this I want to hear, and this was well over that 
line, deep into the "we need to stroke his ego so he won't abandon us" 
realm.  Subtlety is the key to actually delivering this sort of 
emotional management, don't lay it on with a trowel!  How about telling 
me what I need to know, instead of how I should feel?

Now we did get thru the mission, and we did complete it.  Nobody got 
mad, nobody quit in disgust, nobody even gave up and turned in a half 
effort when it was clear we weren't going to make it.  Everyone was 
competant if not superlative... but as a group, we didn't quite jell, 
our play styles weren't complementary and I dont' think anyone really 
understood what the other people in the group were doing so as to mesh 
up.  If we were guild mates, I'd bet that would gradually go away, we'd 
file off the rough edges and become a good working team.  As this was 
pickup, and not particularly successful, I doubt that will ever happen. 
  So I'll work on polishing my end of things, and helping my new friends 
list buddy Winterfury polish his, and we'll chalk it up to experience.

Splendid One, 52 Gnomage, Firiona Vie



