From 7876467201407286458
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b6457a3fe164300f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 16 Sep 2006 07:04:44 -0500
Date: Sat, 16 Sep 2006 08:04:42 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Team AFK
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <XMadnUNp4MPAdZbYnZ2dnUVZ_rCdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 86
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.36.144
X-Trace: sv3-lYJA3EqM68vyFmMPGoQSaWht8nR9AFtwsmg897y3E7R1V7iQK1skbp0gnQyAN/HdQi3pFKbcnSSV++O!/TXwSoWWhBi5gXyEaOmypKRshULniocvtFJCZdWRq0bAzojTUJT1H4kfWyAmHbMKADkT5m66Di/S!8h3OwqxQiyc=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3895

In my guild on combine, there are several players who have discovered a 
peculiar affinity; there are times when we like to play but have to 
spend an inordinate amount of time AFK or semi AFI (on the  phone or 
otherwise distracted)

I'm among those people; there are times when I'll log on but do the 
dishes or other household chores, take business calls, help the kids 
with their homework, and what have you.

In the past, I've always made a point of soloing or duoing with a good 
and understanding friend when doing this.

Now, though, a group of like minded people has gradually formed, where 
we all know that any of us might have to go AFK on short notice, and 
might not be fully on the ball at other times.

Any one of us can, after all, solo the mobs we're killing, for the most 
part, or at least park them while waiting for help.  But while that was 
crucial when duoing, its not really necessary when you've got a group of 
five or six; its rare that more than one or two people are 
simultaneously gone.

We've been fighting in SF for quite some time now; its arguably the best 
exp available on the combine server, since its a Hot Zone, and we're 
farming spells for the guild.  This means lots of slogging, and 
occaisionally we spawn a Guardian Wurm and have to actually pay 
attention; knowing that folks might be ninja afk we make a big deal of 
the Mana/Readiness check when we spot one.

There's a guild shaman who is part of our circle of friends who is NOT a 
fan of the "Team AFK" approach, he doesn't log on unless he's ready to 
give it his full attention, he tries to avoid being AFK at all while we 
are playing, or tries to get us all to stop for a med break if he needs 
a bio or to grab soda or a snack or something; he logs out if something 
comes up that he needs to take care of, or at least leaves the group and 
moves over to one side.

We're tolerant of his foibles, generally he plays in the evening when we 
are more able to devote full time and attention to play, and I'll admit 
that during this time we're certainly more efficient and more effective.

But we lapped him; he started out a couple levels higher than us, and 
the core trio from Team AFK just hit 60 when he barely made 59.

Why?  Because spending 8 hours making 1/2ths the exp you would if you 
are really paying attention is like spending 4 hours... while remaining 
logged off during that 8 hours is like spending 0 hours!

But more than that, the shaman and cleric stack their buffs onto us, so 
even when they aren't there, they are still having an effect; I'm a much 
better tank even if there's nobody actually at the keyboard but me when 
I'm buffed to the gills than I would be genuinely soloing.  And even 
that doesn't happen so often; usually people are "semi afk" which means 
the shaman will slow the mob and sic his pet, the cleric will send in 
her hammer and occaisionally CHeal me, if its me who's afk I'll probably 
engage the mob, just not slap on full debuffs or work real hard at 
keeping aggro.  If I'm really afk, the group often pulls chromodracs and 
has the pets chew them down; this increases the number of regular spawns 
in the area.

Consider too the mana cycle; we generally run at about 50% mana on 
everyone's bar.  If you're about to go afk, you use your mana even 
heavier than usual.  When you come back, you're at or near full mana, 
and again use it heavier than usual for a while.  For relatively short 
afk's, this means you've really contributed the same amount as if you'd 
been there nuking more slowly the whole time.

Taking everything into consideration, I'd say Team AFK isn't doing 1/2 
as well as Team Attentive; its doing around 3/4ths as well.

Team AFK is so flexible on this, though, that we take it to extremes; 
I've literally had to go away for an hour.  I moved over away from AOE 
range, FD'd, and went.  If someone else showed up LFG, the team would 
boot me and replace me with someone who'd contribute, but in the 
meantime, sixth man doesn't actually cost you any exp, so they just 
leave me in... knowing that I would and in fact have done the same for 
any of them.  About half the time when this has happened, I've come back 
and found myself still in the group.

This is very disconcerting to guild mates who aren't regular members of 
the Team AFK core; they have to run to the store and want to leave 
group, we encourage them to remain grouped.  What the heck, we're PLing 
them a little bit, they're part of the guild and if they are higher 
level we all benefit!

Berg, 60 SK, Combine


