From 9089411442608618580
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4a1d344f3a67be2d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-20 17:14:04 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!snoopy.risq.qc.ca!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news2.telusplanet.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Attn. Meemers, re: the two Magelos
Lines: 83
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <Twzya.8713$O72.2715568@news2.telusplanet.net>
Date: Wed, 21 May 2003 00:13:39 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: news2.telusplanet.net 1053476019 216.232.78.121 (Tue, 20 May 2003 18:13:39 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 20 May 2003 18:13:39 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:283584

    I took a look at them today. I've assumed Kurey is flagged to go
wherever and do whatever. My suggestions for Jak are a lot more basic - I'll
do that first.

    Jak: needs more HPs, and more pool. He's a bot, so even though he goes
on raids resists were a secondary consideration. He pretty much has all the
foci he'll need, or be able to get cheaply. Question: he has two Totems of
the Rathe? Or is the one in inventory supposed to be another type of totem?

    Replace the Frozen Skull earring with an Earring of the Solstice.
Long-overdue change. Replace his Grobb Liquidized Meats with Kaladim
Constitutionals. Gain one WIS, lose one STA, and gain 5 all saves. The GF
can make these easy if she has a Corking Device. You need a new hat, badly.
Droppable alternatives are the Metal Linked Crown and the Tae Ew
Spiritcaller's Coif. If you can handle those three big bots in the factory
in PoI, you could try for a Polished Smoothmetal Torque. Getting one of them
would allow you to swap in your Rathe totem with the guild for something
else like the Spell Haste IV one. If you got a spell haste IV totem, you
could get a Hiero and ditch the Dain cloak. Another option for a hat which I
think your army of bots could do would be a Shaderock Crown, off the Va'Dyn.
You also need a new mask - look at my suggestions for Kurey, they all apply
to Jak too.

    Kurey has pretty good stuff. There's not a lot out there that is
droppable and better than Skyshrine plate. For Kurey, I assumed she needs
everything except flowing thought and a healing focus.

    Change her drink over to Kaladim Constitutionals. For a shoulder piece,
two options. Either help her complete her eighth Coldain shawl (+50 HP/MANA
and buff extension focus), or have her wait for a shoulder off the charm
chickens in Fire. You should be killing them both once per three days, they
only drop the shoulders and spell haste INT caster sleeves (their third drop
is quite rare), and the guild will soon be letting them rot or go to bots.
It's got a very important focus on it for her, Mana Pres IV, and she'd still
be at FT cap after losing her current shawl, so it's something to think
about.

    Her arms and gloves need upgrading, but there's not much out there that
can upgrade them without being serious raid-level. Other than elemental
smithing (which is very difficult to get components for), I think Elbow
Spiked Arm Plates and Ironmail Gauntlets might be the only droppables out
there that really upgrade her.

    Her bracers could use upgrading, but again, not a lot out there to get.
The Beaten Flesh Bracer (from the Carprin cycle) is about the only droppable
I can think of that's an upgrade. There's a one-group killable named in
Fire, the Doomfire Reaver IIRC, that drops the Manacle of the Wise. That
would be worth snagging after the server repops, if it's up. Other than
that, it's all raid-level stuff. If you ever kill those two easy twin mobs
in Vex Thal, she might want to put her name in on the bracer with Starfall
Symbol (range) as a focus. It's about as good as anything out there, and
range foci for clerics are fairly tough to find.

    Kurey also needs a new mask. Thankfully, there's a ton of masks out
there that are upgrades to what she has. First, the no drop one. Remember
how I used to kill that Paffa guy in CoD with two clerics and two
necromancers total? Well, he seems to have a one day respawn from what we
could tell, and should be killable by two groups of elemental-gear people.
One of his drops is the Veil of Bile, a 75/75 FT II mask for casters. He has
four drops, but the earring is so rare it's like he has three drops, all
equally likely. Not many people farm him, so you should be able to find him
up a lot. Entice people into killing him by offering to gear up their twinks
once the flag requirement is dropped from the zone. ;-) Assuming you can't
con people into killing Paffa, there's a few options. Dreadfang Mask is
nifty because it has Ultravision in addition to better stats. The Mask of
the Hailstorms drops in BoT, and is pretty expensive in The Bazaar. But the
one I recommend trying for is the Fine Ivory Beaded Veil.

    Remember how on the way to some of the trials in Sol Ro's Tower you'd
run across mini-nameds that dropped minor items? The Fine Ivory Beaded Veil
drops off one of those minis, some named Imp IIRC. At least on my server,
nobody goes to Sol Ro's Tower to do XP, so when the mini named pops (seems
to be on the same timer as the bosses, 3 days), it doesn't get killed until
a raid passes through. So you should be able to take a group up and kill the
mini yourself. If you put your mind to it, you could have one of these
within a week, tops.

    Good luck on your shopping/farming!

    James





