From 1204383383222770981
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,efac68e9f45a8872
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-15 21:26:27 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.news.rcn.net!rcn!netnews.com!xfer02.netnews.com!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!cyclone.nyroc.rr.com!cyclone-out.nyroc.rr.com!typhoon.nyroc.rr.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "dneal1" <macmurrough@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <tq1gf0mfgt8893@corp.supernews.com> <9ik2qtos1feu3eadqta6egp1cop6if8d7h@4ax.com> <3BA19694.F3F39844@removethisline.jamspage.com> <C9io7.6632$lE3.717166@newsread2.prod.itd.earthlink.net> <sqqo7.479363$EF2.64523488@typhoon.nyroc.rr.com> <_WBo7.8627$lE3.951065@newsread2.prod.itd.earthlink.net>
Subject: Re: OT: Warning
Lines: 184
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Message-ID: <WQVo7.500618$T97.64285116@typhoon.nyroc.rr.com>
Date: Sun, 16 Sep 2001 04:25:26 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.93.154.29
X-Complaints-To: abuse@maine.rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.nyroc.rr.com 1000614326 24.93.154.29 (Sun, 16 Sep 2001 00:25:26 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 16 Sep 2001 00:25:26 EDT
Organization: Time Warner Road Runner - Portland ME
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:118308

"zooli" <zooli@earthlink.net> wrote in message
news:_WBo7.8627$lE3.951065@newsread2.prod.itd.earthlink.net...
>
> "dneal1" <macmurrough@hotmail.com> wrote in message
> news:sqqo7.479363$EF2.64523488@typhoon.nyroc.rr.com...
>  > you know what? We kill the WHOLE fucking dog because sometimes it's
just
> > too
> > > hard to separate the parts.
> >
> > You're forgetting that the rabid dog was owned by a harmless suburban
> family
> > of four.  Would you kill the family -- in fact, why not raze the entire
> > neighborhood -- because their dog contracted rabies?
>
>  Sure, throw in a harmless family of four! :) Would you like to add some
> adopted
> children with Downs Syndrome? Even with all of the relatives present for a
> reunion,
> I would not kill the family. You ask why not? I think you and I have
> very different ideas about the sanctitiy of human life. Your statement
> doesn't pass
> the common sense test for a decent human being.

I think you're deliberately misunderstanding me.  You're saying "kill the
whole dog," i.e. eradicate the area where the disease resides in order to
get the disease.  I likened that to killing the family who owned the dog
because their house and neighborhood were, in effect, the area where the
disease resided, just on a slightly larger scale.  Whether or not you kill
them too depends on the yield of the weapon you use to kill the dog.  If, as
you say, it's too hard to distinguish the guilty from the innocent, then
nukes, the ultimate in indiscriminate, wholesale annihilation, are the
weapon of choice for solving this problem.  You said "kill the whole dog
because it's too hard to separate the parts" which leads me to believe you
are of the Nuke 'Em faction.  If so, we do indeed have very different ideas
about the sanctity of human life.

> Islamic fundamentalist terrorists ACT OUT their sick fantasies of ending
the
> lives of innocent children
> and people who never so much as harbored a mean thought against the
> sons-of-bitches
> that makes me advocate turning them into cinders. Now that they've crossed
> the line,
> they can reap the consequences.

Absolutely.  And so can their friends and family.

You seem to think that I believe everyone's innocent.  I am aware that there
are plenty of guilty people in any country, including ours.  Perhaps I
should have made it clear that I know a sizeable portion of the world's
population is scum.  I hope you are aware that a sizeable portion of the
world's population is innocent.  Sure, citizens of some nations are brought
up to hate us but, the last time I checked, hating us wasn't a crime.  It is
the actions a person takes, and not any personal viewpoint he may hold, that
decide his guilt or innocence.  Yes, I'm aware you said as much.

Innocents are always going to get hurt.  In any sizeable conflict, no matter
how precise your aim, civilians are going to get caught in the crossfire.
Unscrupulous people, whether a whole nation or a single soldier, will
specifically target civilians, population centers, hospitals, schools, and
so on, to demoralize the enemy.  I don't consider the U.S. unscrupulous, at
least not in general, but we're going to hit people we don't mean to hit if
we make any kind of attack.  The question I would put above all others to
any person who wants to see military action taken against those responsible
for terrorism, is:  How many civilians are you willing to wipe out to
accomplish your goal?  Your answer will determine whether or not you're
better than the terrorists.

It's a lot easier than you might think for people who are basically good to
let their government do terrible things.  Citizens do not always control, or
even know, what their government does.  Ostensibly, we Americans tell our
leaders what to do, not the other way around, and we still get a whole
smorgasbord of petty idiocies and white-collar crimes.  Picture yourself as
a citizen of one of these impoverished, fanatic-ridden nations.  Imagine the
problems if the government you live under rose to power by killing all the m
embers of the previous government, and supports its own continued reign, not
with political campaigns, but with a great many unscrupulous, gun-toting
thugs.  You cannot vote them out.  You are not allowed to speak out against
them or criticize them in any way if you wish to remain vertical.  They
filter what media there is, so you learn only what they tell you.  With
tight enough control, they may keep you from ever learning that there is a
world beyond the nation's borders.  Your government could do whatever it
wants up to and including terrorist acts, and it isn't likely you'd even
know about it.  Even if you did know, there wouldn't be much you could do
besides revolt, and you'd have to do that with nothing more than rocks and
courage, since you aren't allowed to own weapons and are too poor to buy one
if you were.  Yes, the government may have chosen evil, but it's more
courage than many citizens have to face down its guns.  Sure, the people's
lives are hard under totalitarians, but they won't risk death just to save
the lives of a few people far away, who they've never met, who aren't of
their nation, who they may not even know are suffering attacks funded by
their government, and who they've been brought up to believe are the spawn
of hell.  It just doesn't make sense.  It isn't that the citizenry are evil.
It's just that they're caught between a rock and a hard place.  On one hand,
they have oppression under an evil government.  On the other hand, they have
probable death and, if they win, all the problems of running a
terrorist-ridden nation.  It's a lose-lose situation.

How is an honest, upright government supposed to root out terrorists?  You
cannot put ten men in a lineup and pick out the psychopath.  Terrorists do
not openly reveal themselves as such until they whip out Uzis on Flight
4893B, and then it's too late.  You've got two types of threat possible:
threat from inside, where the terrorists are right under your nose and
always have been; and threat from outside, where you've only got to keep
them out.  What are the options?

1)Tighten internal security in nations harboring terrorists in order to
catch them at home?  Possible, but it requires oodles of extra manpower,
money, bookkeeping, and equipment that the involved nations might not have.
Shall the U.S. supply these things and literally become the World Cop?  How
else can an impoverished nation get hold of things like metal detectors,
fingerprint scanners, or other security devices?  In non-bureaucratic or
non-technological nations, most citizens might not have even one form of
written identification.  How can IDs be checked when nobody has one?  Add to
that the fact that people just plain don't like being hassled and monitored.
Let's reverse things: what if the U.S. really cinched up its belt about
stopping terrorists by tightening measures here?  How much security can you
take? Are you willing to show your ID and walk through a metal detector
every time you go grocery shopping?  What about every time you leave your
house?  What if you couldn't leave town without reporting where you were
going, why, and how long you'd be gone, to some kind of regional office, and
getting official papers in triplicate to authorize the trip, which you'd
then have to show at multiple road checkpoints along the way?  There are
cameras in many public places in America already, but what if you were told
that you had to have one in your house, to help our government root out
insurgents?  Don't you think that's a legitimate cause?  Then why did you
say no?  People want freedom and privacy.  As long as they have both,
terrorists can find a place to hide.  If either is taken away, the
terrorists might be beaten (don't bet on it) but the common people will
definitely be degraded and demoralized to the point where their way of life
almost would not be worth protecting.  The government responsible for the
removal of those freedoms would find itself very unpopular with its people,
who might revolt and put up a more trusting system in its place, and then
guess what, you'd be back to square one.

2) Discontinue transport and/or trade to and from other countries you
suspect of having terrorist problems, in order to prevent them from getting
in?  This makes quite a bit of sense, but some of the nations in question
are surrounded by others who have the same problems and/or attitudes.  What
if you cannot provide all your needs with what you have locally?  If, for
example, you, as a country, don't have enough arable land to produce
adequate food for your citizens, you must buy food from somewhere else.  If
you are surrounded on all sides by nations you know or suspect to harbor
dangerous fanatics (who now count you among their enemies since you
instituted sanctions), that means you must now send convoys into
questionable areas (can't trust any old delivery driver to bring stuff to
you--who knows what else he might have in his truck?) to retrieve what you
need and drop off whatever you trade in return.  Now that you've given up
the idea of complete trade sanctions, you must give everything you buy from
other nations a thorough inspection before you allow it across your borders;
any vehicles you bring must be checked before being allowed to return home.
This means you've also now got to provide proper training to your
inspectors, so they know how to check for bombs or parts, where the likely
hiding places are on vehicles, how to remove or disarm any bomb that might
be found, etc.  Let's not forget the twenty-foot-high chain-link fence,
capped with razor wire and manned by guards at regular intervals, which you
now have to build on your borders to keep land traffic out.  Where will you
get all that fence from if your country has no factories and the only
surplus you have of anything is camels and terrorists?  How will you stop
invasive air traffic if you don't have fighter planes or even radar?

Please, give me real answers so I can forward them to the governments in
question.

> > I hope your next post is at least as incisive and well thought out as
your
> > last, otherwise we poor dull readers might not be able to grasp it.
>
>  It's obvious from your post that _you_ won't.

Thanks for the vote of confidence.  I think I'm doing just fine, and for the
record, I think you are too.  You rose several notches on my IQ-o-meter with
this last post.  I figured you for an asshole and a moron after seeing the
first hasty-looking, simplistic, and casually insulting post you made.  I
still think you're an asshole but you've proven there are several active
neurons sparking away in your head.  As for me, anyone else out there care
to throw in their two cents on my idiocy or lack of same?  Chime in,
everyone!  Am I making any sense?  Hello, [tap tap], is this thing on?


D




