From -7586801379124672268
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3d3be6113603f798,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 04 Jul 2004 13:23:52 -0500
Date: Sun, 04 Jul 2004 14:23:52 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Soloing Jail, take two
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <j7ednfueCZWk1nXdRVn-ig@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 69
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.233.217
X-Trace: sv3-JwQUgrMg51MVE0G1xGOV6i8TgprjpzoB31718Ykr3cz9GRDkcTj96tvIo9qhzcAxqGqHFcj6y1iEtSj!C1Zu4B9fnD8NiztXtlAGfWks6Hg1WmZHWgPcQM3Ry0soCOfmcFQyjUoCsmepQscJ0ecsWPAdcEvl
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:8699

Jail aka Punishers and Enforcers aka P&E aka Death Row aka Mavuin's Hall

I tried this at 63 and couldn't manage to break it, there's a single 
enforcer I could take easily, but then a pair of punishers I couldn't 
split, and couldn't quite take both out.

I've checked the place periodically since then, but its always been 
camped, finally I found it free this morning and gave it another shot, 
with advice from the NG and with another level under my belt.

Now I find I can split the initial punisher pair using Cancel Magic to 
pull with (that didn't work at 63, pulling from the same spots.)  Each 
punisher falls as easily as that single enforcer did.

Past that is another enforcer, then go in to the hall proper, and right, 
there's a corner with no spawns, meaning with care I can stay there 
forever whatever my mana regen rate may be.

Across from that spot is a grate where a Wraith of Retribution can be 
spawned by getting too close.  I found the Wraith didn't aggro on me 
when I triggered it, although I'm pretty sure it used to when I was in 
this area with a group at lower levels.   I also didn't get too close, 
it is DB and scowls.  Pet took it out easily as a single, repeatedly.

Down the hall, mobs appear in pairs, each mob spawns randomly as either 
a punisher or enforcer.  Pulling from max range with cancel magic, I got 
unpredictable results; sometimes I'd get one mob and sometimes two. 
Probably their level also varies slightly and the higher level ones add 
when the lower level ones wouldn't.

Single pulls are all easy kills, one or two nukes plus my pet and they 
are toast.

Double pulls are a bit trickier, but luckily 3 in 4 pairs have at least 
one enforcer; the enforcers are mezzable using Elemental Silence.  Pull, 
sic pet on the target, and if it happens to be two mobs, mez the 
Enforcer; pet will stop attacking that and go after the other guy.  A 
couple nukes on the target, switch back to the enforcer and remez, 
original should be dead by the time that wears off, just mash the pet 
attack button till mez breaks and go.

If the second mob didn't come, then its always an easy single pull.

I wasn't able to clear the hall even with KEI on, although I came close. 
  Eventually pilot error on my part put me too close to a mob when it 
spawned and I died.  Next time thru I did the place with only self 
buffs, I was only able to clear about 2/3rds the hall, which really 
wasn't that much worse than with KEI.  Still, probably with Tranq and SD 
I could clear the whole hall.

Second error came when I got too casual about what I was doing; was 
playing Harry Potter cards with my son while killing in the hall, and my 
pet somehow managed to lose to an enforcer; enforcer had 7% hp left. 
That was sloppy, but not the real error: I ran!  Between my cheap mount 
slowing me down, getting stuck on a door, I died a short way down the 
hall.  Not unexpected... but why was this an error?  Because I had 
Elemental Silence memmed, plenty of mana, and room enough to get it off, 
plus I probably could have channeled it!  7% hp left, I could have just 
nuked the thing to death (never would have gotten a nuke off before 
dying, but mez and then nuke would have worked) or could have made a 
fresh pet and had him do the job when mez wore off.

Ah well, I'm making enough exp to pay for the deaths, and have over 2kpp 
in my pocket from looting the bodies, plus I'm pretty sure a little more 
practice and I can stop dying.  Only down side is, its a well known camp 
so finding it open isn't really all that likely to happen.

Splendid One, 64 Gnomage, Firiona Vie



