From 6262106478020014677
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c9e9afba232f6f29,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 17 Sep 2006 07:41:13 -0500
Date: Sun, 17 Sep 2006 08:41:10 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Boom Boom
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <h4udnTW4aKX035DYnZ2dnUVZ_sOdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 126
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.36.144
X-Trace: sv3-wJODgxnWBzRuvXTXBACfkDv872ausz9NkuyUjfB7/mGg2EcFUMA9AkQonT+6f2tt+FqH0POoIirh5pz!AyS/IatidXQ3/mLjPKuh1SpYGjPmCI8t6F+TdxCRt8uEJGIWbEngJ3F8UxU1jcFJ1Mhy07HCwjM5!yJPR7E4PeA4=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3901

Yesterday my guild went to POG for the first time.  We allied with 
another guild to do this, and fielded only about a third the overall 
force of 50, on the other hand, we had almost all the members over 55, 
were better geared, and frankly had a lot more knowledge of how to kill 
things in raid form.  Raid leader was ours, main tank and all the 
offtanks were ours, most of the buffs were coming from our guys... I 
think it was a decent deal for both sides, we didn't have the force 
needed, and they didn't have the power needed.

POG is a long long slog, as many of the bosses have the annoying ability 
to summon all of one type of mob in the zone to aid them; you need to 
kill all, or at least most, of that type of mob in order to be able to 
take the boss down.  Besides, we were there for armor drops, and that 
can be off any mob, so we were basically clearing the zone. 
Unfortunately Tunare herself is on a longer timer than the rest of the 
place, and wouldn't be up, in fact many of the bosses weren't up either.

I was appointed ST position.  I did a Terrible job of this.  The ST 
should engage the MT's target and be ready if the MT should die to step 
in, grab aggro, and suck up the damage long enough for the healers to 
switch to him.  SK is a good choice for the position.  But I'm afraid I 
just am not well suited to it; in a raid like the one we were on, the 
odds of the MT dying are remote, and pretty much any of the higher level 
tanks we had along would naturally become the ST should it happen, the 
mobs weren't hitting hard enough to make that dicey.  The job bored me 
to tears... it was like being vice governor of Rhode Island!

On the other hand, it rapidly became clear that there was another job 
which was vitally needed, and that nobody was stepping up and doing it; 
Off Tank.  POG is full of mobs that are either unmezzable or very 
difficult to mezz.  And its a zone where adds are prevalent even when 
you don't have multiple pullers deliberately bringing multiple mobs into 
camp due to how long the pulls are.

I gave up on my assigned duty of ST, at least for the trash mobs, 
figuring my DPS was a marginal contribution, instead I roamed around 
looking for adds and checking to see if they were mezzed.  The much 
maligned SK pet is ideal for this duty; tell him to attack and he'll 
inform you in no uncertain terms if the target is mezzed.  Find an 
unmezzed mob, I'd run over to it (following my skellie, another benefit 
of the pet, he has no problem finding targets) and engage with taunt and 
a no damage spell, then wait a bit to make sure someone wasn't going to 
get around to mezzing it after all (once I learned which types of mob 
were unmezzable I'd skip this part) before hitting attack and adding on 
DOT type aggro spells.

Several other SK in the raid (yeah, there were a lot of SK in the raid) 
followed suit, after some discussion, as the number of unmezzables 
coming into camp rose, and we became fairly good at it, with all the 
practice.  It was nice to have a job at which we were ideally suited.

So we spent a lot of time at this, saw a good number of drops, then 
finally got around to a boss mob; Rumbleroot.  (well ok, we killed Ordo 
first, but he was more of a speed bump in difficulty)

Rumbleroot was, frankly, a disaster; we'd missed some of his wisps, or 
perhaps they respawned after we thought we'd cleared them all, I'm not 
quite sure how that happened... we had someone commit suicide aggroing 
him, which should have summoned all his wisps to his side for ease of 
clearing, but then took a while to actually engage him because of 
movement on his part.  So probably repops.

At any rate, we ended up fighting him with 4 or 5 Serene Spirit type 
mobs along for the ride, each with its own SK trying to hold it down. 
Due to the massive DOT AE Rumbleroot was casting, we had people getting 
down to low hit point totals all over (particularly members of our 
partner guild, who were as I mentioned somewhat lower in level and worse 
geared); whenever this happened the spritits would break out of our 
offtanking, kill, and get back under control.  The field was littered 
with the dead, but they actually managed to get Rumbleroot down to where 
he was running... and all casters and all DPS were dead, only a few 
tanks were still alive, no healers.  The desperate call came out to hit 
Rumbleroot with anything we had if anyone had mana left... which I 
didn't; after all, no healers left the only reason I was alive was chain 
casting my 406 point lifetap.  Besides, I was offtanking a level 60 mob 
myself, and if I just let it go it was going to wipe the few people 
still in the chase.

Suddenly it came to me.  Slowly I turned, inch by inch, step by... no 
wait thats a different story.

I wheeled around, targetted the fleeing Tree, slapped my seldom used HT 
button, boom, killshot.

Turned back to my mob, tryed to deal with it somehow, and the two other 
level 60 mobs which came to visit, and the DOT, and the fact that I was 
OOM and had no healer left... well you can imagine, it wasn't long 
before I was standing naked in OT memming my spell list.

Total Raid Wipe, not even a cleric camped... but we did have a cleric 
bound right outside the zone, along with his druid bot which invised and 
SOWed him so he could run back in to the wipe spot, loot his clicky 
stick (only one in the guild, at least on an active player, the previous 
clicky stick cleric hasn't been seen online since the day we got his 
epic finished for him) and get us back up and running.

In the middle of the rez process, though, a wandering mob hit us; worse, 
this was another named, level 65 spirit apparantly (hard to say when the 
max level on the server is 60, it was certainly red).  We were forced to 
engage it, and did, half a raid strong, unbuffed and most still in rez 
effects.  An add came along, I broke off from the named to offtank it, 
luckily it was a relatively low level one because there were practically 
no heals, and I had no mana, just a full HP bar and hope for the best.

Well the fight went along, we got my two shaman buddies rezzed and they 
were an enourmous help since the day before we'd managed to get them 
both to level 60 (and me, it was a lets get this done leveling party) 
and finally a second Torpor drop (the guild was holding one for the 
first shaman to hit 60 already); with Canni IV and Torpor they were 
rapidly able to get sufficient mana to spam out slows and heals.

But it came down again to the same situation as before, the mob was 
running but we'd almost wiped all over again, the clicky cleric was down 
so we didn't have even freshly rezzed people coming in to keep the 
pressure on.

And suddenly I realized something. Slowly I turned.... no.

Quickly I turned, ran over, hit HT, boom, the kill.  This time, no uber 
DOT and only the one add on me, the few remaining melee turned on my add 
and we took it down before it finished me off.  Cleric ran back in, 
looted stick again and pulled everyone else back up.

Two HT in ten minutes, both kill shots on named.  I'm a one man Zerg!

Berg, 60 SK, Combine


