From 5106227561216096617
X-Google-Thread: fb739,268190e6a0af186f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news1.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 12 Dec 2006 08:04:54 -0600
Date: Tue, 12 Dec 2006 09:04:54 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Three Zones of Dragons
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <o9SdnY3xH9WaKuPYnZ2dnUVZ_sninZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 81
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.58.139
X-Trace: sv3-cmP2a2hQj/NRAww5HJMs8ENr72HQ9spbrL9g5QJBP33ZPwgecIj5sPJxhxPYcrjilKOvnMUqZRAP71N!oY2Q/r4FPmR92UMewhCXCENVVmsJtARAnpUR6cpopLrcKUFYwlFQZXiUPXstqVVCxeYVQup5ouhb!5BtAGhZ+CWA=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:4769

Part of the reason a lot of us went to Combine when it opened was to 
experience some of the old content we missed in the past, and that is 
now nearly impossible to get anyone to do, with so many newer, "better" 
things out there.

Veeshan's Peak was one such zone, the guild I'm in managed to hit it 
just once before they revamped it on the server, but we had a great 
evening, wiped a couple times, killed every mob in there, interesting 
loot, some challenges... we'd definately have returned several times if 
the zone hadn't been taken away from us.

Temple of Veeshan, we've been to many times; as giant friends we skipped 
the halls of testing, which it happens is the only part I'd done in the 
past, but we did WToV many times, and still are doing it, or at least 
LtK for the ST key.  Meanwhile, we made some forays into NToV but only 
just a few days ago managed to reach all the way back to take out Vulak. 
  Fantastic raid, full of challenges, every mob can drop quest armor 
pieces which are still upgrades for some of the lower level members of 
the guild, and the names drop lots of interesting stuff, some of it much 
better than anything anyone in the guild has.  Plus again the fights are 
interesting in different ways, some were really challenging for us.

Last night, we went to Sleeper's Tomb for the first time.  I'd never 
been in there before, quite literally, because by the time the only 
other character of mine to get a ST key got in, the Sleeper had been 
awakened on that server, so it was Kerafyn's Lair.  At any rate, by the 
time my cleric got in, it was an afterthought of a zone, the guild would 
send a group or two in to clear to a couple mobs near the zone line who 
dropped some items, and then leave, 20 minutes tops.  I went in exactly 
once, healed a few people, looted a 2hb prismatic weapon which no melee 
wanted, and thats all I ever saw of the place.

This time, we had 17 of the 20 members in our guild who have keys in 
attendance, and we went in to make a night of it.  For six hours, we 
cleared "trash" mobs, working on splitting techniques, kiting adds, on 
and on.  Near the entrance, we got velious armor quest gems.  Later, we 
at best got diamonds and blue diamonds, normally we got nothing.  6 
hours, not one DKP was spent.

Finally we dropped down into a well, with water at the bottom so cold it 
dished out 10 damage per tic like Lava.  Near here was a mob, when we 
killed it it spawned another mob, and then another, and another, and 
another.  Each of these dropped a level 60 spell, reasonably hard to get 
ones.  Still no DKP spent, in our guild spells are not put up for bids, 
but at least it was something.

Then we got to the Final Arbitrator, a mob which was a real challenge 
for us; nearly immune to nukes, hard hitting, positioned in such a way 
that we ended up dropping it into the water and losing several people 
before we could drag its chain summoning body back out, we were so close 
to a wipe that someone actually announced we'd wiped at 0%.  His drop, 
again some spells, and one primal 1 hander.  Bidding was moderate, it 
ended up going for 85 DKP to a bard of all things; to give you some 
scale, one of the drops off Vuluk went for over 250 DKP.

The night was going late at this point, but we rezzed up, buffed up, and 
pushed on in for our target for the night, one of the Warders.  This 
fight wasn't as bad as the Arbitrator, and when he died, he dropped 4 
priest type weapons, two of which rotted (no Primal proc on them nor 
anything else of interest even to our primarily Velious Era geared 
guild) a primal bow, which went up into the high decades to a ranger, 
and a primal velium lance, War/SK/Pal/Ber only.  I bid 5 points and won 
with no competition.

This has got to be one of the most disapointing zones I've yet 
encountered, the effort it takes to key people, one key per dragon, with 
only 5 in the game who drop them and some of those very time consuming 
to reach, to see a grand total of three items of any interest at all 
(and I mean at all, nothing else even got a DKP bid of one point)

We'll be back in there again, probably more than once, because there are 
  more people in the guild who've never seen the place, which is the 
founding principle of our guild, because there are several more mobs we 
didn't get to, and because it would be handy to gear up more people with 
Primals, as the proc is a substantial boost to attack/str/agi/dex, which 
means more DPS.

But I'm not going to enjoy it, all the more so because I've now already 
got the principle item I'd be going for!

Berg, 65 SK, Combine


