From -7480271620606364077
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e777036c1a4def75,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!border2.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!elnk-atl-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!cyclone.tampabay.rr.com!news-post.tampabay.rr.com!tornado.tampabay.rr.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Dick Correa" <whoisit@r2d2.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: EQII The story...
Lines: 105
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
Message-ID: <j9acd.15322$vZ5.9219@tornado.tampabay.rr.com>
Date: Sat, 16 Oct 2004 14:23:11 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.73.111.82
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: tornado.tampabay.rr.com 1097936591 24.73.111.82 (Sat, 16 Oct 2004 10:23:11 EDT) 
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 16 Oct 2004 10:23:11 EDT
Organization: Road Runner High Speed Online http://www.rr.com
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:19455

Here goes....

I have been BETA since friends and family.  I have played several classes 
and settled on the Scout class which is now a level 15.  The following are 
impressions from myself as well as the others in my family as well as my 
friends.  I am a 52 year old software engineer so my viewpoint has a 
"unique" flavor to it.

Creating the character is fun, however, although the facial features are 
unique, they are subtle at best, and unrecognizable in game play.  You can 
change your size, but it does not seem to be used too much by the majority 
of players.  In other words, a halfling scout, which is what I played, looks 
like every other halfling scout.

The boat ride to The Isle of Refuge is a short tutorial, it is both fun and 
informative.

Upon landing on the Isle of Refuge you meet many NPCs, there is an excellent 
set of quests for your newbie gear, and the playability is very good.  You 
can also get a flavor for crafting, and I also found that interesting. 
Leveling is ok, you don't have to hunt down spells.  You get abilities, and 
these abilities can be enhanced through crafted or bought;  apprentice, 
adept, or master class additions.  Its kind of like the EQ AA system but 
very watered down.  You can level to six on the island, and it best to wait 
till then, since you will have a hard time leveling once you have decided to 
go to one of the hamlets of Qeynos or Freeport.  At this point in the game, 
although I was enjoying myself, I was beginning to feel restricted.  There 
was really only one way to kill a mob, only one way to approach a quest.  In 
other words, it was difficult to think out of the box.

Now, onto my hamlet, The Baubbleshire. It is a cute little place, many NPCs, 
thousands of little quests. Take this here, then over here, then over here 
and you get experience, some coin and maybe a nice piece of equipment.  You 
can easily level with just quests, but after a week of the same type of 
quests, it gets boring.  There are several other zones to hunt in. The 
Forest Ruins, The Caves, Oakmyst Forest, The Down Below, Vermins Snye.  I 
spent most of my time in Forest Ruins.  There was a castle ruins there that 
had some things for crafting as well as mobs with good experience.

Here is where the game took on a Sony Playstation feel.  Whether I was 
trying to solo, or in a group, there was only one way to pull, battle, and 
finally kill the mob.  I could set my player on auto if I wanted too and the 
mob would never act differently.  If we did everything the same way, it 
never failed. What is worse, if you tried to deviate from the set course, 
there was no way to recover.  You either died, or ran to the ZO.  This was 
in every encounter.  It was boring, to the point of tears.  Also, I know 
this was Beta, but the zone lag was so bad that you could hardly move, the 
mobs warped everywhere.

On the subject of dying.  There isn't any penalty.  Not really.  You pop up 
with your gear, in a safe spot you choose.  You are given a way to go find 
your body like the wisp pointers in EQ, and the penalty can usually be 
worked off in 30 minutes. No experience loss, just some skill loss for about 
an hour.  This sucked.  I NEVER EVER FEARED DYING.  There was no worry, no 
wondering if I was to survive the encounter, no fretting over if I was going 
to lose my gear.  It does not exist, and that took a great deal of the fun 
out of the game.  There must be a reward, penalty for all encounters or the 
entire object of the encounter is lost. The value of all items goes way down 
when there is no penalty to pay.  However, if you are designing a game to 
possibly go on a playstation for younger players, then hey, this is the way 
to go.  Just like any other Sony Playstaion game.  You die, who cares, you 
start from where you left off.

This message is getting long and there are a lot of other things I wanted to 
cover but there are two areas that need to be addressed.

At level  12 I went to Antonica.  I was so looking forward to this but found 
that the same hold my hand mentality was also here.  There was only one way 
to kill a scarecrow.  Linked mobs could not be broken.  The enchanter was 
useless.  I used my set of abilities in a certain order and the mob died. 
There is a battle ring to use that is controlled by the Scout, but in a 
group it was so poorly designed that it was impossible to use.  I got the 
hang of it after awhile, but the encounter would end so quickly it was 
useless to try and set up a "critical hit"

The second area is this.  The game plays badly.  It runs badly.  It sucks 
system resources like no other application I have ever seen.  My wife plays 
on a Pentium 4 3.0 GHZ 2 MB RAM, 250 GB 7200 RPM Hard disk, NVIDIA 6800 
graphics adapter, and SHE STILL HAD LAG!!!!  I don't care if it is beta, if 
you have lifted the NDA then they are getting ready to release, and they are 
no where NEAR ready to release.  They need at least another year, possibly 
18 months.  Sony is trying to beat WoW to the punch, and get it released 
before Christmas.  This is what happens when marketing takes over 
development.

Finally, if you have a hard time believing this, then I'm sure you will be 
able to go and read the beta boards.  Where we could post and have input. 
You will, see, not one, not ten, not hundreds, but THOUSANDS upon THOUSANDS 
of posts that are EXACTLY like mine.

I have left beta.  I went back to EQ, bought OOW and was never so happy to 
be back in a game.  I have thirteeen friends and family who were in beta. 
THEY HAVE ALL GONE BACK TO EQ. (except for 1) We had all quit EQ prior to 
Beta. We were the 'target market' of casual players who had left EQ.

I have no axe to grind with Sony.  I have two EQ accounts, they both have 
all the updates.  However, to have my hand held, led around by the nose, no 
way to possibly do something other than the Sony prescribed way, I can't do 
that.  I was bored after 4 weeks, running for the door after 10.

P.S. The graphics are ok but look NOTHING like the screenshots you are being 
presented with, in fact, the female paladin wearing the beautiful gold and 
white armor.  Yeah!  That armor does not exist.  Taken out.




