From 3958078939280701076
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f3bdc454bb96b9ce,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 23 Sep 2006 06:06:45 -0500
Date: Sat, 23 Sep 2006 07:08:45 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: New Invis
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <2qqdnYScLrLYiIjYnZ2dnUVZ_sSdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 66
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.36.144
X-Trace: sv3-d5VkC2O6TQ+u5Sg5j6Msz3rbVNAmdImnNNR7YWImjPMok799PA/PURq7o/tvQ5DzMCPy5BgGaxwcYHi!01cm/5yNOstKAvG4bg96qjK+GAqm2iE8XoewH3ynrUjZbPZp0F9RV5VqyZWPF6ZnapJnPz6yR8nl!WwBRj1AE0xc=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:4031

I noticed some drastic changes to invis yesterday.

Least drastic, Hide no longer works on undead mobs; I think it used to 
not work on them, and that it working was a bug, but if so they have 
eliminated that bug.

There is a message when a mob see's you despite your hide working, 
something along the line of "you think this being can see you".  Thus, 
it is now possible to hide and use an undead mob to test your hide 
despite the fact that he can see you; either way his con doesn't change, 
but if you are successful, you get the message in addition.

But thats not the big change; its this.  You can cast invis while 
already invis, without breaking invis.

I know that sounds confusing.  But here's an example:

I cast Gather Shadows on myself (self only invis).  Then I cast 
Invisiblity to Undead on myself... Gather Shadows icon stays on me.

I tested this out every which way I could think of; ITU then GS, GS then 
GS refresh, ITU then ITU refresh, GS then ITU on someone else, ITU then 
ITU on someone else.  Any way I tried it, casting an invis spell didn't 
break any invis spell I already had on.

So, someone in the guild scoffed, it doesn't matter if the icons are 
staying, you can only be one or the other.  Yeah?  I conned an undead 
and live mob, each dubious.  Then I cast GS, the undead mob still 
dubious, the live mob Indifferent.  Removed GS, cast Invis to Undead; 
the live mob dubious, the undead one indifferent.  Cast GS while leaving 
ITU on; now ======= both the live and undead mob were indifferent to 
me=====.  Reversed the order of casting, same thing.

Tried casting any other spell (buffs, self only buffs, various attack 
spells) with GS or ITU or both up, in every case casting broke the invis.

Besides being able to move thru zones like City of Mist with a mix of 
live and undead, a couple other advantages occur to me with this.

I can refresh my invis without breaking my invis.  Normally, when invis 
starts to fade, you had to find a spot where you won't be in aggro range 
of anything in order to restore it, as casting broke the invis.  But 
now, if you're quick, you can pause and recast before losing it.

I can invis others while remaining invis myself.  Of course the first 
thing that occurs to me with that is that it saves casts, since it means 
I don't have to break my own invis, put one on you (or restore yours) 
and then recast on myself.

But its also useful because I can do it while standing near mobs I'm KOS 
to and you aren't.

Or I can cast it on someone who is FD in range of mobs we are both KOS to.

But it also means I can start casting on you, and you can time things so 
you begin casting a spell JUST before it lands.  Casting your spell will 
break your invis, but since mobs check for aggro only every couple 
seconds, there's a very good chance that breaking invis for a split 
second won't aggro mobs you are near.

I'm sure people will think of more uses once we get used to the new way 
things work.  Then SOE will probably change it back, claiming that 
unforseen consequences had arisen... because they just don't think 
sometimes!

Berg, 60 SK, invising like a rogue!


