From -5162174500899836451
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e538c1569685d8e3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-05-13 13:24:23 PST
Path: archiver1.sj.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!howland.erols.net!portc.blue.aol.com.MISMATCH!portc03.blue.aol.com!news.stealth.net!news-east.rr.com!news.rr.com!cyclone.kc.rr.com!news.kc.rr.com!cyclone.austin.rr.com!cyclone2.austin.rr.com!typhoon.austin.rr.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dcd@firstnethou.com (Dan Day)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Bows  arrows and pulling
Message-ID: <3b03dd88.520976264@news-server.houston.rr.com>
References: <3afeb71e.1139900@news.uswest.net>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.01/32.397
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 214
Date: Sun, 13 May 2001 20:08:36 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.162.59.130
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.austin.rr.com 989784516 24.162.59.130 (Sun, 13 May 2001 15:08:36 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 13 May 2001 15:08:36 CDT
Organization: Road Runner - Texas
Xref: archiver1.sj.google.com alt.games.everquest:73589

On Sun, 13 May 2001 16:42:38 GMT, imjonah@usa.net (Jonah Johnson) wrote:
>
>For some reason as a Paladin,  I get volunteered for pulling.

Probably because you have more HP than most of your groupmates,
and can better afford to take a few of the first hits.


>I want
>to start using a Bow and arrow instead of just meleeing the 'mob' to
>aggro it.

Good plan.  The reason is twofold:

1.  You won't have to waste time running up to the mob (or
after it, if it's moving).

2.  If it's near some of its friends (e.g. derv camp, orc camp,
etc.), getting near enough to aggro one will often aggro ALL
of them, whereas pulling from a distance with a bow (or spell)
is much more likely to get just the one.


>   My question is.... for the purpose of pulling/aggroing a mob to
>follow me; does it matter what bow and arrow combination I use?  Is
>there any point getting anything more expensive than the most basic
>bow and arrows.

Any bow/arrow will work the same for pulling, with the only exception
being that bows/arrows with higher "range" attributes will let you
stick an arrow in a mob from much further away, which is always
handy.

You can get Fletcher-made arrows (or make them yourself, with a
Fletching kit and just a small investment in time/money to work
your skill up to basic levels) which are damage 1, range 150,
and they don't cost very much at all.  In fact, they cost about the
same as the very lousy bottom-level storebought arrows that have a
much, much shorter range.

The range you can shoot something at is calculated as
<range of bow> + <range of arrow>, so a long-range arrow can
help overcome the shortcomings of a short-range bow, and vice
versa.  But long-range bows can be damned expensive, whereas
long-range arrows are dirt-cheap.


>   Does it matter my skill level?  [I know better bow
>and better skill more damage on the pull, but just for pulling does it
>make a difference?]

It doesn't matter for pulling.


>Is just the fact I am shooting at the 'mob' enough to
>aggro it.

Yes, and it'll work even if you miss.


>   A related question.  I use to use flash of light to pull mobs,  but
>I thought  it had a tendency to aggro everything around the mob.(it
>was not very selective.)    Is flash of light really any different
>than using a bow an arrow or melee for that matter.   If a nearby mob
>is going to be aggroed, will any aggro, make it  equally likely for it
>to come after me?

In general, pulling with spells seems to be less likely to aggro than
pulling with a bow.  However, Flash of Light is a poor candidate for this,
because if it isn't resisted, it makes the mob run all over at random.

The problem with this is that any aggroed mob who passes close enough to
his "friends" will "pass on the aggro".  Think of it as:  As the angry mob
runs after being aggroed, it mutters, "Paladin Bob hit me, Paladin Bob
hit me!"  If it gets close enough (the so-called "aggro radius") to one
of its friends, its friend overhears this and decides that it, too,
needs to kill Paladin Bob.  Rinse, repeat.

So the first rule of pulling a mob which is standing in a crowd of similar
mobs is to make sure that you pull a mob on the FRONT of the crowd, and
not the back.  If you pull one in back, it'll run through the crowd,
passing its aggro to all the others it runs near.  Then you get the whole
camp on you.

Pull from the front, or if you really want a certain mob on the side/back
of the mob group, move yourself around the cluster until the one you want
is now the "front-most" relative to where you're standing.

Now you may understand the problem with Flash of Light -- if it's not
resisted, the mob will run all over, probably past all of its friends
several times, aggroing them all.  Flash of Light has a lot of good
uses, but this isn't one of them.

A much better pulling spell when you get it is Stun.  However, you won't
get that until level 30.  Until then, use arrows.

But at level 15 you'll get "Lull", which is the first in the
Lull/Soothe/Calm/Pacify line of spells.  The way these work is that
when you cast Lull on a certain mob in a group of mobs, its "aggro
radius" is made smaller for a short period of time.  This means that
if one of its nearby friends gets aggroed, it's much less likely
to notice unless the aggroed friend runs MUCH closer to the Lulled
mob than would normally be required to aggro it as well.

(Contrary to the impression the name might imply, casting Lull/Soothe/
whatever on a mob that's already aggroed will NOT make it any
less aggressive.)

So the general plan is that if there are two mobs close together
and you want to try to pull one of them, Lull one and then immediately
pull the other (with a bow or whatever).

This can be very handy, but it has risks as well.  The main one is
that Lull can be resisted a lot.  If it works, you'll know it because
you'll get a message like, "so-and-so looks less aggressive".

(Note, you won't get the "less aggressive" message if you're
casting from extreme distance, since you're too far to "see"
the effect of the spell -- this is true of most spells that
give you a "result" message.  Be sure to cast from "medium
range".)

But if it's resisted, one of two things will happen.

  1) Nothing, and then you can try casting it again.
  2) The mob will notice that you tried to Lull it, will get
     ticked off, and will aggro on you, just as if you had
     shot it with a bow.

It's action #2 that makes some people joke that "Lull" should
instead have been named "Pull".

So for that reason, don't try to Lull something in back of the
crowd, even though that would be a good idea if Lull was
100% effective.  The best way to use Lull in an attempt at
single-pulling is to find two mobs that are close enough together
to be a double-pull problem, but not close enough to other
mobs to be a "whole damned camp comes running" problem.  Move
around them until neither one is closer to you than the other,
arrange so that both are equal distance from you, just with one
on the left and one on the right.  In geometric terms, you need
to be somewhere on the perpendicular bisector of the line segment
that connects the two mobs.  Like:

                                           MOB#1
                                             |
           YOU ------------------------------+
                                             |
                                           MOB#2

Now try a Lull on the one on the left (for example).  If it
fails and the mob(s) come running, you're no worse off than
you were without Lull, since you'd have tried a bow anyway.

If it fails and nothing happens, cast it again on the one
on the left.

If it works and you get the "looks less aggressive" message,
then immediately (because Lull wears off pretty fast) pull
the mob on the right using your bow.  It should come all
by itself, unless the mobs were almost standing on top of
each other to start with, in which case they were a bad
candidate for Lull anyway.

With care, Lull can also be used to separate 3 mobs (Lull
two, pull one), but it's trickier.

If you have a Druid/Ranger in the group, ask them to
use Harmony instead, it's far more effective and reliable
than Lull.

Lull can also be used if you need to run past a mob
that you'd rather not aggro.  Lull it, then run on by --
if Lull sticks you can run past it closer without
aggroing it than would have been the case without
Lull.  But it'll still aggro if you get very close to it,
so keep as much distance as you can.

The higher-level versions of Lull work just the same, but
are more likely to stick, less likely to aggro, and reduce
the aggro radius of the mob by an even greater amount.

Finally, at level 22 you get Root, which is good for
pulling in a few ways.

First, if you're not in a hurry and are out of arrows,
you can pull by Rooting a mob and then waiting for the
Root to wear off.

More effectively, if two mobs are close together and
double-aggro is inevitable, Root the one you don't want.
That'll aggro the OTHER one, and you'll have 10-40
seconds to fight it singly while the rooted mob stays
stuck to the ground.  Hopefully, by the time the rooted
mob breaks free and comes running at you, you'll have his
friend finished off or close to it.  This results in
much less damage to your group than just having both on
you all at once.

And when you do get two (or more) pulls at once, you
can limit damage by Rooting one of the ones beating
on you, then getting everyone to move over about 40
yards.  This will leave the Rooted one alone and out
of reach of your group, while the other one comes with
you and you fight it by itself.  It amazes me how few
Paladins (and other Root-able classes) actually use
this "crowd control" technique, it's very effective.

Root can also be used as an escape mechanism - Root
the mob or mobs and then run like hell for the zone
without them chasing after you the whole way.

Happy pulling.



