From -5113586675312095537
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,99723f957d431acc
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-07-01 06:01:14 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!news-xfer.cox.net!peer01.cox.net!cox.net!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F01860E.950BA502@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: More boring newbie crap
References: <TOdMa.279$oQ4.204@newsfep1-gui.server.ntli.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 263
Date: Tue, 01 Jul 2003 13:05:55 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.7
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1057064755 66.109.234.7 (Tue, 01 Jul 2003 09:05:55 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 01 Jul 2003 09:05:55 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:290795



"news.ntlworld.com" wrote:

> Hi,
>
> Being in the UK and about 4 years behind the rest of the world, I just
> bought Everquest and have a few questions if anyone can be bothered...
>
> 1) Is it still worth it? Are there enough other people still playing that
> are of a low enough level to be interested in grouping with a new character.
>

There are genuine newbies like yourself, and people who've been playing for ages
but have started new low level characters, and eve some people who due to
palying for only short periods of time may have been playing for years but are
still quite low in level.

You'll find fewer people actually group at the low end of the scale, but even
this has improved markedly since a recent patch that dramatically improved exp
for larger groups.

>
> 2) I have plenty of time to play, but not at set times so grouping is a
> problem except in an ad-hoc type fashion. Everyone says that Mages/Necros
> are the best for solo?
>

While mages and necros do solo well, so do shaman, bards, paladins, beastlords
and druids... in fact at low levels any character solos well enough to get by.
Its easier to list classes that solo poorly: warrior, rogue, cleric.  Short
list.  That said, I happily soloed a warrior to level 30, and a cleric to 61

>
> 3) If I persist with EQ, will it give me a good grounding for EQ2 in
> December when it all kicks off again?
>

I have no idea, depends I suppose on how closely EQ2 follows the EQ model.
Personally, I'm not interested in EQ2, would much rather see them continue to
evolve EQ itself.  But I don't control the thinking of multinational companies
(yet)

>
> 4) I hear loads of talk on quading, kiting, twinking, blinging etc, etc. It
> all sounds extremely complicated for a casual gamer?
>

As with any insulated community, there are lots of buzzwords and jargon that
seems impenetrable to the outside world.  Most of the "EQSpeak" actually has
meaning, rather than being there simply to set us apart from the uninititated.

Quadding: Killing 4 mobs at a time.  Some classes get spells that work like
throwing hand grenades; they hit the target and any other targets near that
target.  But due to limits set in the spell, most of these only hit a maximum of
4 targets at time.  Since you can with skill and care use these to kill 4 mobs
with the mana it would normally cost to kill 2 mobs, this can be a very
effective way to get more experience and loot in a given span of time.

Kiting describes a wide variety of means of dealing with "mobs" (which is
another buzzword used for monsters, NPCs, bad guys, targets, good guys... some
say it means "mobiles" but since its used to describe some killable things that
can't move, all I can say is it -doesn't- mean walls or furniture) whereby they
are allowed to move but not to melee you.  In the purest sense, you snare
something, move away rapidly while it strolls slowly your way, you stop and cast
a spell to damage it ("nuke") while it keeps moving trying to catch you, then
you move off again to reopen the distance, stop, repeat till "mob" is dead.
Thus, you are like a kid running thru a field with a kite behind you on a
string.

>
> 5) Is the server list I see (EQ Gold, UK) only populated with Europeans, or
> are the servers world-wide?
>

Dunno, I'm in the USofA and don't necessarily see the same list you do.  If your
list has around 40 servers, if it includes Morel Thule, then its the world wide
list same as I see.  There -are- apparantly servers that are physically in
europe, and you'd presumably get less lag using them than going
transcontinental.  But I've played alongside Euro people on "regular" servers
for ages, and they dont' seem to be particularly handicapped by this.  Of course
you'd have more language problems than the typical Swede, Dane, Korean players,
since you'll be divided from the americans by a common language.

>
> 6) I have all the expansion packs, but no idea how to use them?
>

On the server selection page there may be some buttons down there that ask  you
to register various packs.  Depending on how you got the packs, you'll have to
install them one at a time or perhaps all at once, or maybe its already done.
If you go on to a server and try to create a character, you can rapidly see if
you have a few of the expansions:

If you can create an Iksar, you have Ruins of Kunark
If you can create a Vah Shir, you have Shadows of Luclin
If you can create a Froglok, you have Legacy of Yekesha

You'll have to actually play the game to be sure you have Planes of Power and
Scars of Velious

For POP, go into any "newbie" zone, say Qeynos for example, go to one of the
"books" (which look like a book on a pedastle) and click on it.  If you have POP
installed, you'll end up in the Plane of Knowledge.

For SOV, in POK go to the stone labled Great Divide and click on it, if you have
SOV you'll end up in that zone.

>
> 7) Is the only way to work out the best areas for class/race combos just
> casual experimentation and is it true that as a solo, there are places I
> just can't go?
>

Yes, by and large.  There are guides on the net created by people who have
already done this sort of thing, but there aren't any big signs in the game
itself to help you discover what works best for you.  There -is- the "con"
system.  Target a mob, hit c on your keyboard, and you'll get a sense of how
hard the target is relative to your level.  Green, it should be very easy, but
will give you no experience at all.  Light blue should still be extremely easy,
but will give a very small amount of experience.  Dark blue is killable and
gives decent experience.  White is your level, significantly harder to kill,
more exp per kill.  Yellow is one or two levels higher than you, more exp
still.  Red is 3 or more level higher than you (up to 67 levels higher!) and
will yeild better experience still, but will be hard or even impossible to kill.

Problems with this are that Dark Blue is a wide range of mob levels, so that you
may find it easy to solo two or three mobs at a time which are really 6 levels
lower than you, but hard to take on even one mob thats only one level lower than
you, and no way to tell the difference between them but experience.  Similarly,
you might find yourself happily killing red mobs 3 and 4 levels higher than you
(probably in a group) but get slaughtered by one thats 6 levels higher than you,
and both "conned" the same.

Worse, con is based only on what level the mob is.  Different mobs have
different HP, AC, attack strength, attack damage, resistance to spells, spell
casting abilities, running speeds, social behavior, and "run away" points.
These tend to be consistant with a mob name, so once you find a good target type
you can count on similar results with mobs of the same name.. but its hunt and
peck to discover this information, and whether it makes a good target or not is
largely dependant on your class and play style.  My shaman, for example, prefers
mobs that never run away (skeletons and the like) since he can mroe easily deal
with them fighting to the death than running to get help.  My druid, on the
other hand, liked the ones that run away as soon as possible, at 25% or better,
since he'd "snare" them, so they wouldn't get far, and this meant only having to
"tank" (accept damage from them) them 3/4ths the way, quite a bargain.  My
cleric liked mobs that were flagged as "undead" because he had special spells
that let him do much better damage against them.  So on and so forth.

>
> 8) In a group, when you get killed, is there any easy way to find your way
> back to them?
>

If you are a ranger, or a high level druid or bard, yes; group mates are always
at the top of your Track window.  Other classes, no, you just have to know the
area you are fighing in well enough to find it again, or have them meet you at a
landmark.  This skill will become much more important over level 10, where when
you die you will respawn naked, and have to find your body again to get your
equipment back.  One plan is to type /l (short for /location) to get numerical
coordinates of any given spot.  This is a real pain to work with and I'm not
going to go into it here.  A better plan, IMO, is to hit backspace to call up a
map, and note your location  on it.  If its somewhere you go regularly, you can
even write a name for spot on the map using the cartography tools built in, if
its not already named.

You can also find your body by use of Locate Corpse, which low level bards and
necromancers have, and higher level Shadowknights, or by purchasing a "chipped
bone rod" off a potions vendor.  The latter costs 6pp, for a three charge item,
so it can be expensive at low levels; but if you have more than 2pp worth of
gear on the body and really can't find it, this is one solution.  Also,
eventually necromancers and shadowknights can cast a spell that summons a body
to them (uses an expensive component, a coffin) while Clerics and Paladins get
one that summons you to your body... this lasts means that if you die while
grouped with a cleric you don't have to worry about finding the group again,
they can bring you right back to them.

>
> 9) I have seen all kinds of maps on the interweb for individual places, but
> no indication as to how they all go together, ie Halas leads to Everfrost
> etc?
>

Maps will have "zone to" places labeled on them that tell you what they connect
to.  You should also be able to find "continent maps" that show you which zones
connect to each other for the various continents: Fadwer, Antonica, Odus,
Velious, Kunark, Luclin, Planes of Power.  On any of those continents you should
be able to walk to any other zone on that continent.  There is a zone, "ocean of
tears" in between Antonica and Faydwer, which can only be reached by boat from
Freeport or Butcherblock; "Timorous Deep" can only be reached by boat from
Butcherblock, Oasis, Firiona Vie or Overthere; Erud's Crossing can only be
reached by boat from Erudin or Qeynos; there is a boat between North Ro and
Iceclad (but Iceclad can be reached on foot from anywhere in Velious)

>
> 10) I'm playing on the Newbie server? Is there anything wrong with staying
> there, or should I head for a different one?
>

The newbie server should in theory have more low level characters on it, in part
because many people who have characters on other servers started fresh ones
there, and in part because genuine newbies like yourself go there because the
game suggests it.  With some exceptions, servers are just collections of people,
with little difference between one and the next

You -might- want to look at servers located closer to you physically (Antonius
Bayle?) or more populated by people who speak your language (English as opposed
to American?)  Better still, poll your real world friends and see if any already
play EQ.  Moving to a server that one of them is on can be a lot more fun.

Exceptions:
Firiona Vie.  Designated a 'role playing' server, it has some special rules.
Most items are tradable (in other servers quite a lot are "no drop" so you have
to loot them yourself) but there's a "Trivial Loot Code" in effect, making many
items not drop if you are to high level to have had to work to kill the mob.
You are only allowed one character on this server per account, instead of the 8
on other servers.  Probably some other rules I'm not aware of... no "common"
language?

Servers with "zek" in the name.  On these servers its possible for players to
kill each other, deliberately or by accident (of course its possible on other
servers too, if you are willing, or if you cheat by using the environment
against people.   But on most servers you can't walk up to a stranger and stab
him in the back, or snipe him from out of sight with a powerful spell...)

Stormhammer.  For an additional charge, you can play on a server with actual
helpful GMs, special GM run content, first look at various new zones and other
perks of the VIP.  While the "zek" people look at the rest of us as "care bear"
players, we all tend to look at Stormhammer as the "spoiled rich kids" of EQ,
giving us someone to look down upon, which is good for morale.

>
> 11) Is magic and spell casting complex?
>

Yes.

>
> 12) Are there any UK guilds / groups worth joining as a casual.
>

Could be, depends on your server, what you mean as casual, and what you want
from a guild.  UK might not be what you need, though odds are it would help, the
key is to find a guild with lots of people on when you play; this might mean a
california guild or a korean guild, if you don't play at the same times as most
people who live in the UK.  Instead of looking this way, what you should
probably do is group with other people a lot, and note their names and guild
tags.  People you like, put in your Friends list.  When you find that there are
a lot of people in one guild that are all in your friends list, look into
joining that guild.  The guilds that advertise for members in POK or Nexus tend
to be worthless and/or pointless... but thats just my opinion.

>
> Sorry if this post is the questioning of a simpleton considering I'm about
> four years behind everyone..
>
> Thanks

Doesn't make you a simpleton, makes you inexperienced.  Heck, everyone was a
virgin once... twice in some cases.

Bergh, 65 cleric, Morel Thule



