From -9039732261647652391
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,333bd5603712a313
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-07 15:57:47 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "James" <jamesgrahame@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3B6AA609.4025C608@stny.rr.com> <6oBa7.18441$uM6.2794791@news1.telusplanet.net> <ITEa7.51881$4e.2890541@news5.aus1.giganews.com> <bc4nmt416a9jeebvc31qnq1j29080qu6qm@4ax.com> <3B6F058E.F3D56638@cjhunter.com>
Subject: Re: From "Ask Brad" 8/2 re: Luclin Loot Rules
Lines: 212
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 4.72.3110.1
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Message-ID: <dm_b7.25841$uM6.3638258@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Tue, 07 Aug 2001 22:56:09 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.72.152
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 997224969 216.232.72.152 (Tue, 07 Aug 2001 16:56:09 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 07 Aug 2001 16:56:09 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:104081


Scott Schultz wrote in message <3B6F058E.F3D56638@cjhunter.com>...
>
>If the Warrens was located in EC/WC (say, in the spot where
>Befallen is now or maybe Orc 2 in EC), it would be full 24/7.

    Having been there for a dozen or so levels with one character, I'd have
to agree. It IS a fun place, and if it was popular it would be popular
(pardon the Yogi Berra-ism).

>Let's face it: Most of the loot in the Warrens is there for flavor.
>The burlap is just renamed cloth. The soft wicker is leather with
>a unique look. The bamboo splint is not-quite banded.

    Ringmail-level AC IIRC. Note that this stuff falls at the rates you'd
get IF you went to the best cash zones at every point as you level up. So on
the whole, the Warrens is GREAT for cash.

>The Asian
>weapons have crappy damage/delay ratios generally, but they
>also have a unique look so a lowbie can wield a katana that isn't
>much better than his friend's tarnished long sword but it looks
>a whole lot cooler.

    They make Jobaber look VERY cool, I've noticed. ;-)

>As for the "high-end" loot, most of it is of the same calibre.
>Interesting at a level where you can acquire it but of little
>interest to most players who are already above their low
>20's except as twinking material.

    Don't agree. I've posted the list before, but I'll mention some of the
items again. 3 INT cloak. 2 INT belt. 3 INT Banquet-sized food item (so, as
long as you spend twice as much on food, you get a bonus 3 INT). AC 6 WIS 3
MANA 5 plate bracer. AC 1 STR 2 HP 4 ranged slot-equippable hammer. These
things don't get replaced (except for the bracer) until MUCH higher on most
characters.

    This is, I think, what Verant is trying to offer with the Code: "We'll
put items in zones that you WILL use for levels and levels to come, but in
return you cannot farm them."

>Given that no-one has seen Luclin, I'd say it's quite a bit
>too early for all of the Fear, Uncertainty, and Doubt that
>I keep hearing. Give the game designers a chance to show
>their stuff before condemning them.

    They already have. They put a quest a high-level cleric would WANT to
do, for their holy symbol, in the game with pieces off a low-level mob in
the Warrens. They do NOT know how to balance items, they do NOT know where
gaps exist in the item progression for a given class, they just DON'T KNOW.
Stonebrunt won't be a great test of the Code, I don't think - unless it has
a Frontier Mountains-type cycle, most outdoor zones have very few "loot"
drops. Luclin WILL be a huge test.

> In the meantime, vote
>with your wallet. If you don't like the Trivial Loot Code then
>don't buy the expansion.

    Don't plan to. But I can see where the hardcore gamer feels coerced -
they strive to be "the best". They KNOW they'll need to get Luclin to be the
best. Yet much of Luclin, where they could blow off steam and have fun will
be off-limits to them. And yes, for a lot of people have fun = gain magic
items, the less risk the better. (See below for reason.)

>It may seem galling that you can't pick up
>that lowbie quest item or lore magic gizmo but truthfully: why
>would you want to?

    To see the quest script myself - the quests tell a STORY about the game,
give it depth. If I cannot participate, I feel like I'm forced to treat the
game like EverQuake. The Lore magic gizmos go on my own low-level
characters, who are busy exploring other areas I've never been to visit. Or
they go on my friends' characters. They make our lives a bit easier when
unwinding with alts.

>If you get that new piece of lowbie no-drop
>gear,

    All the items I listed above from the Warrens are droppable. Most of the
items there that aren't Erudite or quest specific are.

    I stupidly snipped the part where you asked what satisfaction players
get from this, beyond the joy of getting items/cash. I'm just happy to kill
something worth killing. I'm a cleric, but I know I'm not alone when I say
that I find it EXTREMELY frustrating that killing the things I'm supposed to
kill just can't be done by me alone. As others have pointed out, as you
level you don't gain in power relative to your "proper" environment, you
LOSE power. It feels GREAT to kill something that rewards you in some way
for killing it, to feel powerful again. And I'm at the level where a few
plat and some Fine Steel just ain't reward enough.

    Brad, at one point (correct me if I'm wrong, as I have no cite), said
that it wasn't heroic to fight things so weak, that it wasn't done in the
stories. If heroes didn't wade through whole armies of pitifully weak orcs,
we'd never KNOW they were heroes. I want to feel like a hero, not some sack
of potatoes that gets led to the fight, plopped in a corner, and told, "You
heal. Ugh. Kreegah. Bundalo" by the less-than-literate tanks.

>If there's a problem with this whole discussion it's that it's focussing
>on what the highbies are NOT getting instead of on what they ARE
>getting.

    As well it should. It's an expansion - if it's going to be hyped as a
"great new thing", it's going to stand the test of scrutiny. Part of that is
explaining to me why you feel I should NOT participate in a large part of
it, and why I should be happy with that.

>From the broad hints that are being given, I picture this as
>being a faction/story related area similar to Velious.

    Heh, more roleplay-forcing, you mean. Verant is horrified when we don't
roleplay - Kendrick's comments on The Safehouse about the High Elf Guise
told me THAT. They want there to be irrevocable choices made by players
about who to ally with and who to fight. One problem - they don't remember
to balance the factions. So you have Velious, where the ONE large pro-dragon
guild (LoS) finally decides to go pro-giant after being nerfed and slapped
around one time too many. I predict that Luclin will have the same risk vs.
reward issue as Velious did.

> There's a balance
>to be struck by the designers, and the whole "Why can't I farm
>the lower levels just to experience them" argument ignores the
>fact that there is high-level content in the area also.

    Which I would LIKE TO SEE IN ITS ENTIRETY. NOT just "here's the high
level zones, you stay here". And adding new stuff is pretty much required
now, considering that some (like Furor in FoH) have declared Velious
"finished with". Nothing left to do that's new, really.

>Does a 55-60 level character really need to get into a level 20
>and below dungeon?

    Need, no. Want, yes. Does a player NEED to WANT to play? Yes.

>If you really want to experience such a dungeon,
>why not do it the way it was meant to be experienced, with a
>low-level character?

    Um, because I don't want to? Because I think the designers couldn't make
a proper, balanced dungeon if they tried? Because I'm tired of having to
find five other like-minded individuals to even take a crap in EQ?

    And don't even try that tired "But this isn't taking away anything, this
is all NEW" line on me. I COULD go in any zone in the game and get whatever
I wanted given the skill and the luck of the drop. The Warrens took that
away from me. Just like previous expansions have marginalized the roles of
half the classes in the game at precisely the point where they SHOULD have
an important role.

>Heck, get your guild to create a "Luclin-raid"
>sister guild that is all low-level alts of your current guild and go
>on raids together.

    And hope you hit ALL the important things before you outlevel them! And
if any new content is added to SoL after release, well, just hope you aren't
too high level for THAT as well. And I'm sure those "real" low-level
characters will be thrilled to see a legion of twinks descend on a dungeon
and pick it clean....

>As a final thought, I'll lay out the opinion that at least part of
>the reason for the Trivial Loot Code is to try to stimulate the
>economy from the bottom up. Highbies might actually want to
>take some of their plat and pass it down to the midbies in
>exchange for items they can't get, instead of the current situation
>where the money and items almost always flow in the
>opposite direction.

    Good lord, why bother? It's trivial to get a second account to farm
items with, or enlist a low-level that just wants the XP from killing a big
red named. I see this every day I log into The Warrens - I do NOT see anyone
zoning in and /auctioning for the items that drop there.

> Why would they do that instead of
>"power camping" a second low-level character? For the same
>reason they buy bone-chips and bat wings instead of looting
>them: a lot of effort for minimal overall gain.

    Actually, most higher-level characters who buy that stuff do it out of
charity. /pet attack a decaying skeleton is an easy hotkey to make, and gets
bone chips VERY quickly.

>Let's face it,
>you can power-camp the King and Prince in the Warrens
>right now. In all of the time I've spent there, I've seen it happen
>exactly once.

    I've seen it happen once per day spent logged in there.

>The loot just isn't so great  as to make it
>worth the effort of doing it.

    Compare it to Crushbone, or Befallen, or Blackburrow. Looks damn nice
then, doesn't it? And I've mentioned a few items people would want anyways -
unless you know of a place where 3 INT cloaks drop off of level 18 mobs?

>However, there's one way to find out: Visit Stonebrunt
>Mountains. As surely as the Warrens was an experiment to
>test the viability of the Trivial Loot Code, Stonebrunt is a
>preview of what it will be like to have an entire region
>of zones that have the Trivial Loot Code enabled. Check it
>out and use that experience to gauge how you would feel
>about an expansion with 3/4 of the new zones behaving in
>a similar manner.

    As stated above, given that Stonebrunt is outdoors I don't think it'll
be a great test of the Code - most such zones don't have the conditions
(static camp named mobs with item drops) that the Code was meant to address.

    James




