From -6733928967862341902
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5336e239abf1330a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-11 16:16:19 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!kibo.news.demon.net!news.demon.co.uk!demon!chiisai.demon.co.uk!Nospam
From: NoSpam <Nospam@chiisai.demon.co.uk>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Character Transfers with Equipment Between Most Servers
Date: Wed, 12 Nov 2003 00:15:58 +0000
Organization: Everagain
Lines: 144
Message-ID: <NcswU9A+uXs$EwV+@chiisai.demon.co.uk>
NNTP-Posting-Host: chiisai.demon.co.uk
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset=us-ascii;format=flowed
X-Trace: news.demon.co.uk 1068596177 29326 158.152.84.82 (12 Nov 2003 00:16:17 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: abuse@demon.net
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 12 Nov 2003 00:16:17 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: Turnpike/6.02-U (<Ehvz5+4dx$uH8O7DiaOVcr4mUf>)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6919

Why do I have a bad feeling about this!

-------------------------------------------------- Insert From Sony News 
Page -------------------------------------------
Character Moves With Items

The EverQuest community has continued to grow each day. This community 
has evolved from the many fan sites, message boards, guilds and from 
playing the game. Many times when a new friend is made in the community, 
that friend does not always play on the same server that you do. Because 
of this, we allow the transfer of characters to different servers and 
have received many requests to transfer characters to different servers 
while maintaining the character's items and coin. Although we understood 
the desire for the EverQuest players to play with their friends and 
families on the same server without the need to reequip, established 
policy did not allow for such transfers to take place. This policy was 
established in order to maintain game balance, prevent fraudulent 
activity, and to eliminate the heavy burden and cost it would put on the 
Customer Service Department.

Due to the many requests to transfer characters from one server to 
another server and from one server to another server on a different 
account, we have implemented a value added service and have enacted a 
new policy to meet these requests. If you desire to transfer a character 
or characters from your primary account to your secondary account on a 
different server, or wish to transfer to a different server during non 
server split opportunities, the following service is offered. This is a 
value added service which requires a fee that can be billed to your 
credit card.

This service to move your character(s) will be offered temporarily. This 
service may end or be modified at any time without prior notification.

For more information about taking advantage of this service, please 
review the policy, guidelines and restrictions below.

All terms and conditions of the EverQuest User Agreement and Software 
License (EUASL) and the Rules of Conduct found on www.everquest.com 
apply to any transfer or attempted transfer of characters. You will not 
be allowed to transfer any characters to an account that is not yours 
and that was not originally registered by you.

Fee Schedule

For moving characters on the same account from one server to a different 
server:
1 to 2 Characters       $75 (total charge)
3 to 8 Characters       $150 (total charge)

For moving characters from one of your accounts to one of your other 
accounts and changing to a different server:
1 Character     $112.50
2 Characters    $187.50 (total charge)
3 to 8 Characters       $375 (total charge)

In addition to the fees described above, if you are a resident of an 
European Union country, you will also be charged a VAT equal to 17.5% of 
the applicable fee.

Guidelines and Restrictions

In order to process a transfer from one account to a different account, 
the destination account must have access to the same expansions as the 
source account.

Guild affiliations: We will be removing any guild affiliation as part of 
the character move process.

Characters will not be moved to servers that are less than 6 months old.

The Sullon Zek server is available for this service with the exception 
that Sullon Zek allows a maximum of three characters per account and the 
characters on the account must be on the same Sullon Zek faction 
alliance.

No moves are allowed to or from the Test server, Firiona Vie and/or the 
Stromm server.

Moves from a PVP Server (Rallos Zek, Tallon Zek and Vallon Zek) to a 
non-PVP server are permitted with the pvp switch being set to non-pvp 
status.

Moves from a non-PVP Server to a PVP server (Rallos Zek, Tallon Zek and 
Vallon Zek) is permitted with the pvp switch being set to PVP status.

Sanctioned Server-Splits offered by SOE / Verant will be at no charge. 
If you were not able to perform the /movelog command at the time it was 
offered, you will need to fill out our character move request form and 
all applicable charges and conditions described in this offer will apply 
to you.

When moving characters between accounts, billing information must be 
identical on both accounts and you must be the original owner of both 
accounts. You may use the credit card on file or submit a different 
credit card using the Billing Information fields. If the credit card 
holder is different from the holder of the card on file, please enter a 
short explanation in the bottom field. If you have only paid for your 
account with a Game Card, you must submit a credit card using the 
Billing Information fields.

We are sorry, but we cannot process character moves while you are still 
in the free 30 day trial period.

No refunds will be permitted once your request is approved and 
processed. If you change your mind about moving your characters after 
they have already been moved, you will need to fill out an additional 
Request Form to move the characters back to the original server or 
account and you will again be charged the applicable transfer fees.

All approved requests will be processed when reasonably practicable to 
do so. SOE/Verant reserves the right to deny any attempted request to 
transfer in its sole and absolute discretion for any reason or no 
reason.

The Request Form cannot be used to move two or more characters to 
multiple or different servers. If you would like to move multiple 
characters to multiple servers, you will need to fill out additional 
Request Forms.

A character cannot move more than one time every six months, and a 
maximum of only eight characters will be permitted to move every six 
months per account.

There are no discounts for multiple transfer requests. The fees 
described above apply for each Request Form.

If you attempt to transfer characters in violation of these guidelines 
and restrictions, any laws, the EUASL or the Rules of Conduct (for 
instance, attempting to transfer characters from another person's 
account or to or from an account purchased by or for you or given to you 
where you are not the original registered user of that account), the 
characters will not be moved, your request will not be processed or 
approved and your account(s) will be subject to review and appropriate 
disciplinary action taken.

Character names are not guaranteed on server to server transfers. If the 
character's name has already been used on the server you wish to move 
to, an "X" will be added to the end of the name. On same server 
transfers, character names will not be affected.

If you wish to proceed in moving your characters, simply fill out the 
following request form.
-- 
Denzil J. Brown


