From -4932614012950938569
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7c6d173e0f958700
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-06 19:18:16 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!netnews.com!xfer02.netnews.com!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!news1.atlantic.net!not-for-mail
From: "Tukka Yoot" <tukka@atlantic.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3be89dec$0$65163$1dc6e903@news.corecomm.net>
Subject: Re: OT - Archaean
Lines: 78
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
Message-ID: <%E1G7.100$9O6.103534@news1.atlantic.net>
Date: Tue, 6 Nov 2001 22:17:11 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.208.9.221
X-Complaints-To: news@atlantic.net
X-Trace: news1.atlantic.net 1005102779 209.208.9.221 (Tue, 06 Nov 2001 22:12:59 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 06 Nov 2001 22:12:59 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:133045

> Just curious any other EQ players out there here of this game or
participate
> in its messageboard? I am very interested in it and have loved their
Vision
> and how they have treated everyone so far, nice people.

  First I've really heard of it.  So far they don't seem very far along in
development and it doesn't look like they have snagged a publisher yet...
and their web site seems pretty light on content.  I'm not saying the game
(or the "world" as they call it) won't happen, but it's kind of hard to get
excited about something from a bunch of people I've never heard of when what
they're creating is so far off.

  Besides, some of what they are proposing is going to be included in the
next, rapidly approaching generation of MMORPGs.  The one I'm anticipating
most is ShadowBane (www.shadowbane.com).  It is supposedly going to put a
lot of stuff in the hands of players, such as the ability to create
buildings and towns (most of the games' towns will be player-run), and a lot
of attention is being paid to the history/lore of the game.  One thing
that's got me excited about Shadowbane is the seeming attention to detail.

  In lots of games, their game's lore and history is undermined and made to
seem less plausible because of measures the game designers have had to take
to make the game playable.  Death, for instance... in other games, I've
always wondered why when the game's "historical" figures in documented lore
die, it's such a big deal, since evidently everybody in the world respawns,
or gets resurrected anyway.  It doesn't really help one suspect disbelief,
and just makes the history seem cheap.  Well, ShadowBane's designers avoided
that uncomfortable contradiction by not only explaining the strange nature
of death in their world, but by making it one of the defining aspects of the
lore of the world.  In the world of Shadowbane, an event occurred known as
the "Turning", which had several consequences... one of which being that
people who died would appear resurrected at a "tree of life"... if you read
the history/lore, it really not only explains it really well, but adds
tremendously to the intrigue and mystique of the world.

  The same goes with "world servers".  In EverQuest, the necessity to
support a huge number of players required them to segregate players on
separate, yet identical "world servers"... which essentially requires them
to run an "historical event" in which there is player participation on
upwards of 40 servers... which means automation is a big necessity, which
means the quality of the event is probably going to be less than stellar.
Well, with Shadowbane, instead of creating separate "clone worlds", what
they decided to do was create geographically unique "world fragments" which
were created during the Turning... the world essentially cracked like a
mirror, and the only thing that's holding the world fragments together in
space are huge chains (where were forged by ancient dwarves, I think).
Travel between the world fragments is possible through a specific skillset
that can be learned in the game.  So the fragments are more or less
isolated, but there is still a potential for a "community" of sorts to form
throughout the entire playerbase, and big events on one world fragment could
have a ripple effect on others.  It also means it's impossible "to run
around the world" because the world is no longer a perfect sphere. ;)

  Those may just seem like cool "little things", but it says to me that the
developers have put a great deal of consideration in even the minor aspects
of their game.  Presuming the same attention to detail and quality has been
put in to the major aspects, then it should be an awesome game.

  It is PvP, which may turn off some people, but the manner in which it's
going to be implemented is supposed to dissuade "mindless" PvP... killing
individuals for their gear or for experience is not supposed to be very
fruitful.  Since most major towns are going to be player-run, if you kill
somebody who is friendly with the guild who runs a nearby town, you might
find yourself KOS to the NPC guards there.  It's yet to be seen if the
player-based system of checks and balances will not be too heavily skewed in
favor of adolescent troublemakers.  The main goal for most people may not be
to gain levels (which is supposed to be relatively easy and fast in SB) or
loot, but rather to become a "person of power" by being one of the
individuals integral to the power structure of a town, city, kingdom or
empire.

  Anyway... it sounds really cool. :P  And perhaps best of all, it's
supposedly in the latter phases of beta testing, they've got a publisher
(UbiSoft) and the game's supposed to be released sometime in the first half
of next year.




