From -342154769595523640
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6e8043f28e8c2c70,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-20 13:23:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Jakugg <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: OT: DAoC Initial Thoughts
Date: Thu, 20 Sep 2001 16:20:21 -0400
Organization: Troll and Ogre Liberation Front
Message-ID: <3BAA4F85.13336A0@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 55
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:119533

Ok. I spent an hour playing DAoC this afternoon. I wanted to post this
while it's fresh in my memory, since there's been a lot of discussion of
it here.

First of all, they definitely put a lot of work into it. There's
certainly a virtual world of sorts there waiting to be explored. I was
waiting for (and perhaps "overanticipating") outstanding graphics from a
later generation of code development. Not really though. Not bad,
certainly, but not much different, perhaps not even as good as EQ.

The character creation, etc. seems to have been patterened after EQ
almost line for line. Different names for stuff, but the same concept.
Not bad, just not very different.

They do have some challenging new ideas on stuff to solve EQ situations
like twinking and farming, etc. if you consider those problems.
Apparently, if you have gear that's way above or below your level, it
"wears out" really fast. Not sure how I feel about that. Also, for
farming, if you stay in one place too long, camping the same spawn, the
amount of xp you get begins to drop. (No idea how the fuck they
programmed that, but it keeps you moving on, I guess.)

The interface: What can I say? It sucked. I don't have any sort of dick
waving super PC at home, but it's not awful. (P3 700 with 128 meg of
RAM) and the motion was..... how to put this? You know how your screen
looks on a raid when there's forty other players in the same room with
you, even with all the effects, etc. turned off? Really jerky and hard
to control? Standing alone in the woods with two mobs near me, that's
how the controls were. Nearly impossible to navigate if you had to move
fast.

The combat was awful and unrewarding. It doesn't even feel like you're
participating in the fight. No motion graphics showing your warriors
weapon swinging or the mob flinching, or anything. Some music plays, and
you get to watch a hard to see set of health bars dropping for you and
the mob, but that's about it. 

The chat screen interface, and separate merchant/NPC interface messages
are tiny and hard to read/follow. There may be a way to fix that, but I
haven't found it in help or in the manual.

I realize that it's just in it's infant stage, and these things may
improve, but I can definitely say that, for the moment, I certainly
won't be abandoning EQ for this, regardless of any problems you think EQ
may have. It was a frustrating, slow, hard to handle, difficult to
"relate to" as a player experience. Personally, I hated it. But it may
get better. Hey, it's only in Beta. 

Anyway, just my two copper. This bad boy needs a LOT of work to even get
close to being playable compared to EQ, IMO.
-- 
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 48 campaigns.
*******
"Anything more than a metric butt-load of mobs is a bardic pull."
- - Arolpin Lorespinner


