From -791722850032168329
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3bb103d24a6abbb8
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-24 05:08:09 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!skynet.be!skynet.be!newsfeed.news2me.com!west.cox.net!cox.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news-xfer.newsread.com!bad-news.newsread.com!netaxs.com!newsread.com!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3D3E9647.AAECC004@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Cleric Thread
References: <3D2F14C6.E04F4461@hotmail.com> <6r7bju8386va9gjnpp9rs7u06va5t96sk5@4ax.com> <gmimju4kiqb4ovek85al9tn9gc4ol34boc@4ax.com> <Xns925476CFBCCEdaindaindainfrozenas@216.148.227.77> <3D65B8D4.619198B6@fakespam.yahoo.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 159
Date: Wed, 24 Jul 2002 11:58:03 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.149
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1027511883 66.109.234.149 (Wed, 24 Jul 2002 07:58:03 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 24 Jul 2002 07:58:03 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:215168



"Annie M. Benson-Lennaman" wrote:

> DaIN wrote:
>
> > rofl no! no nuking, no stunning, no running, no melee.
> > entire fate of your guild rests on your ability to push
> > one single button on cue. its sick but all mana you have is
> > needed for heals ~
>
>    Well?  True or not?  I know that at level 28 (just hit 29 an hour
> ago, and haven't done any fighting) a good  90-95% of my mana was used
> for heals when grouping with anyone in addition to Lenny.  It's
> different when it's just Lenny and I... He likes it when I work on my
> defense and offense, things like that.  But in a larger group, is DaIN
> right?  Kinda wondering, because while I am playing around with casting
> stuns, I don't think I'm doing much good with them.
>
> Annie <--- Just got her first donation for doing a res.  40 plat.  Woot!

In small groups, a cleric can make a significant contribution to
fights by melee, root, stun, nuke, fear, cancel magic, and at the
high end of the game MoR and MoK.

Further, a cleric should really make a point of getting beat on as
he levels up; there is no other way to raise your Defense skill,
and taking less damage while mobs try to clobber you is part
of the cleric job description.  Look carefully, and you'll notice
cleric is a plate class.  While druids and enchanters can never
really stand up to a pounding, due to their limitation of leather
and cloth, respectively, a cleric can get the AC and HP totals
to allow them to survive getting aggro off even the highest level
mobs (admittedly in those cases only long enough to channel
DA and dump it back to the MA)... but only if they also have
maxed out their defense skill and dodge (wish that one could go
higher for clerics)

I found that with a good weapon, I was able to do quite decent
melee damage, outdamaging untwinked paladins of my level up
thru level 44.. at which point my capped weapons skill and their
growing bonuses finally overwhelmed that, at least with my
little 100pp investment in weaponry (runewood great staff)

In my mid 50s, I got a much more powerful drop weapon,
Righteousness, which along with a set of stats making it
worth carrying if I never swing it, is a 20/22 1hb with a
100 point Stun proc that goes off several times a fight.  This
makes me capable of providing damage output on a par with
an untwinked paladin of around level.... 45.  OK, so I got
SCHW to boost up my speed, now I'm like an untwinked
paladin of around level... 46.  And I purposefully group with
epic chanters so I get SOS.  You guessed it, the damage
output of a level 47 paladin!  Still, with C3, BAOR, and my
FT item (need more of those) I'm often FM, and adding in
a third the damage output of tanks my level without any mana
expenditure isn't the worst thing I can do with my time.  I've
also worked as MA while grouped with a ranger or rogue,
when my hp get sufficiently chewed up, they take aggro while
I pop off a self heal, then one on them and take it back.

Stuns... rarely is stunning a mob to prevent it from doing
melee damage a viable strategy, this is only really a good
plan on those mobs who's melee output is very high while
their HP are low enough to allow you to finish them off
quickly.  On the other hand, stunning timed to interrupt
casting can be very efficient indeed, and on some mobs,
chain casting stuns to prevent casting becomes crucial.
There are circumstances where stuns are far more important
than healing, and working on your stunning skills in less
mission critical conditions will serve you well when you
meet up with the "stunning is key" mobs.  Chain stun can
be costly, though, while "stun on demand" requires much
less mana, Stun (the lowest level stun spell) costs almost
no mana at all, is resisted less and doesn't do any damage,
so it doesn't break mez.  Use Stun on fleeing mobs when
you have no snarer or snare is late.  Use it on that mob
who is beating on the chanter to help them get that mez
off, they won't have to channel if it stops for a few seconds.
The other stuns cost more mana, get resisted more, and
do damage... but not enough to actually contribute significantly
to most fights.  Reserve them for those occaisions where
you absolutely positively can't let that mob do anything.
Oh, eventually you get a couple AOE stuns.  Sort of useful
for overpulls to help the chanter... but personally I haven't
yet found them as useful as I'd hoped.  Of course the low
level one does damage, which contradicts the purpose I
have in mind... but the second finds more use in my book
as a second no damage stun than for its AOE nature.

Nukes.  Clerics have pretty decent nukes, really, especially
the anti undead lines.  A cleric can solo from one to sixty on
the strength of root and nuke, not terribly efficient to do so,
but there is a high enough damage-to-mana ratio to allow
you to kill solidly blue mobs solo without having to figure out
how to med during the kill.  In a group, though, most of the
time nuking is less efficient than letting the melee do the damage,
and cleric nukes are less efficient than those of real nukers,
which makes them even less of a plan.  Finding yourself FM most
of the time, tossing off a nuke per fight might be fine... but
frankly you should be meleeing instead at that point IMO, this
means you stay near FM at all times in case the Spit hits the fan.

Roots.  Clerics have the no damage line of root.  This means
no breaking mez.  Root mezed mobs and when mez breaks
they don't go straight for the chanter.  Root mobs when they
come in as a form of ghetto mez.  For that matter, get adds
aggroed onto yourself (easy to do, heal the MA or puller)
and back them away from the group and root em for another
form of ghetto mez (here's where that defense skill comes in
handy... and a way for you to work on it)  Root mobs, back
away from them, and Nuke or DOT them to death without
ever allowing them to touch you.

Fear.  Combined with Snare, fear is one of the most powerful
spells in the game.  Mob walks slowly away from you while
your melee contingent beats it in the back, and your DOTs do
full damage and you can nuke to your hearts content without
worrying about aggro control.  Cleric fear line easily competes
with any other fear casting class in the game.  Too bad cleric
snare sucks... clerics of innoruuk can get an item that casts
a really bad snare, otherwise the words "cleric snare" refer
to chain stunning runners or rooting them, in the absence of
a snarer.

MoR puts a 15 point DS effect on its target, such that every
time they hit anything they take 15 points of damage.  This
stacks with all other DS, and can make a real difference in
long fights with mobs who hit a lot.  Unfortunately, you have
to contend with resists from the mob, so that its more used in
grinding up than in raid level situations.

MoK puts a heal shield on target, such that every time anyone
hits it they get a small heal.  This can be your only heal in some
situations, where the mob isn't doing high amounts of damage
and your tanks are hitting a lot... rangers and monks especially
tend to make excellent use of this spell.  Additionally, MoK
directly overwrites any DS the mob may have, much better than
trying to monky around with cancel magic line digging down to
the DS in there.  Same problem as MoR, though, becomes useless
on the really hard mobs.

So no, he's wrong.

But actually he's right.  When you are on a serious raid, there are
other people with less critical roles who can handle all those jobs
better than you can anyway.  Your heals are so much better than
everyone else's that its extremely important that you heal and
do your best to avoid aggro.  Yes, some of your other abilities
could still come in handy... but anything you do adds a little to your
aggro level, so frequently not doing anything becomes a key
strategy in and of itself.  In the long run, healing and camping out
so you can come back and rez the dead are your two greatest
strengths in a raid.  Good thing raiding isn't all you'll be doing, or
cleric would be the most boring job in the world.

Bergh Brelltender
59 cleric, Morell Thule



