From 86294552714092238
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e8052abd4f85789b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!uni-berlin.de!not-for-mail
From: Sean Kennedy <x@y.z>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: [OT] [WoW] Changes that may appeal to some folks:
Date: 10 Nov 2004 18:43:36 GMT
Lines: 78
Message-ID: <2vf5qnF2km56jU2@uni-berlin.de>
X-Trace: news.uni-berlin.de MMXBgrXJ2dm3mOpit/uMaARq8KmIS0xFT6EJt2YPTvWbK+HBUM
User-Agent: Xnews/5.04.25
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:22804

Disclaimer: I know this is the EQ ng, if you don't like OT stuff, it was 
labeled.

Some recent developements may be of interest to some folks:

1.  Designated RP servers:  There are 2 in the testservers (one US East, 
one US West).  With any luck the BNet crowd will be lighter there.

2.  10 characters per server, 50 characters per account.  If you have
Alt-Itis, you're set.

3.  A new dynamic spawn system is in place for the newbie areas that 
dramatically ups the spawn rate when there are a lot of people around.

4.  The Paladin changes are in - and I REALLY like them :)

Previously the Paladin played a lot like my Invulnerable/Super Strength 
Tanker in CoH - you basically wore things down.  No ranged attack, just 
move in, Holy Strike when it pops (Lance's likening that to "Whack a 
Mole" is very appropriate), wait for the mob to die, loot, maybe heal
yourself and move on.  Against multiples or tougher mobs it was more
interesting - using the invuln/stun/heals to survive while you wore the 
mob down.

Now think of EQ bard meets EQ Warrior meets EQ Cleric - heck of a thing.
He tanks, he heals, he buffs, he debuffs.

Now we have 5 things going for us:
1.  Auras - always on, zero mana, group buffs.  One aura up per paladin. 
Insta cast so swapping is easy on the go.  They include +armor, DS, anti 
spell interrupt, and 3 separate resist auras (fire/frost/shadow).

2.  Blessings - 5 minute, single target, insta cast buffs.  One blessing 
per person per paladin.  Include +attack power, +mana regen, +heal (very 
nice), damage transfer to paladin, and -aggro.

3.  Seals - 30 second, self only, insta cast buffs with a twist (see 4).  
One seal up at a time.  Include +haste/-damage (net increase in damage, 
just lighter faster hits - good for casters), Damage procs, Stun procs, 
Heal procs, +Hate from melee.

4.  Judgements - the twist.  By casting judgement, the power of the 
current seal is released as a debuff on the mob (destroying the seal you 
need to cast a new one after).  +damage from holy spells, burst damage, 
root, heal procs, +hate from holy spells.

5.  A variety of spells including heals (fast and regular), 
invulnerability (1 self - on offensive moves allowed, 1 targeted - no 
offensive moves allowed, 1 self - attack speed slowed by 50% -- all on
separate 5 minute timers), cures, 1 stun (60 second reuse), 
ressurection and two last gasp spells, the ever popular Lay on Hands and 
Divine Intervention (when cast on a group member it removes them from 
all hate lists for 30 seconds while killing the caster.  The target 
can't cast or fight, but can run).

Add in the talents (which include a 70% chance to not lose time on
heal spells due to being hit - the bomb!) and you have a very impressive
package.  

The seals and judgements work well together - currently I prefer 
popping the judgement on the mob that adds to holy damage, then the
seal that procs holy damage.

I'm actually a bit worried that it needs adjusting downward.  Currently
a properly specced Paladin can be main healer in the toughest instances,
main tank in tough instances (we suffer a bit on getting aggro on
multiple mobs) and a decent soloer.  

All in all, I think they did this one right.

-- 
Arch Convoker Mairelon Snapbang
Feral Lord Bosra Snowclaw
      Lanys T'vyl (Retired)

Dhargo, 19th Paladin
Bosra and his pal Spike, 11th Hunter
      WoW ST Testserver 8


