From -545562400371680175
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,532c2e81a743a709
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-08 09:39:35 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!snoopy.risq.qc.ca!chi1.webusenet.com!news.webusenet.com!cyclone1.gnilink.net!spamfinder.gnilink.net!nwrddc01.gnilink.net.POSTED!f7fccf0b!not-for-mail
From: "John Kievlan" <jodakim@attbi.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <7cf28864.0301080743.301c17e5@posting.google.com> <pRXS9.1632$V6.2263@news.indigo.ie>
Subject: Re: Military EQ Gamers who are Shipping Out
Lines: 121
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Message-ID: <cnZS9.26285$1c.23599@nwrddc01.gnilink.net>
Date: Wed, 08 Jan 2003 17:39:20 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 4.62.88.224
X-Complaints-To: abuse@verizon.net
X-Trace: nwrddc01.gnilink.net 1042047560 4.62.88.224 (Wed, 08 Jan 2003 12:39:20 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 08 Jan 2003 12:39:20 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:256756

> > No matter your stance on the war brewing in Iraq, I think we all love
> > and are worried for our men in uniform.
>
> I dont have any men in uniform, thank you very much.

I'm so happy for you... that way we can keep the fire off your sorry ass and
you won't have to even know the fire happened!  Aren't you lucky!

> > We all have friends who are
> > actively preparing to ship out and fight in Iraq (on and off EQ).
>
> Not to my knowledge.

Again, you're a very lucky guy, none of *your* friends will die in Iraq and
you can sit in your comfy living room shoveling this shit out of your ass to
make room for your head -- quite a productive occupation, I might say.

> >
> > I don't want to sound like a moron of late, but, please remember these
> > people in your Prayers, on your mind, or share your feelings for them.
> > They are going to do a job, in a place they would not willingly go, to
> > deal with problems they had nothing to do with originally.
>
> Well...to be honest, if someone joined the army and didnt expect to get
> involved in fighting someone elses battle for them, I would be very
worried
> for them.

The OP never said people joined the army expecting to not fight wars... the
point is that, contrary to the wise opinions set forth by you and others
I've heard, we aren't particularly thrilled about going to war.  Yup, I know
it comes as a surprise but amazingly enough America doesn't go around
looking for someone to fight and kill to relieve our boredom.

On the other hand we also don't sit on our asses and let people kill *us*.
We prefer to do something about it.  Incidentally that also means that
people like you will be protected from people you blindly refuse to believe
would ever be so cruel as to hurt you.  It's rather a sad side effect that
by eliminating Saddam Hussein we allow defective genes to propagate
throughout the human gene pool, but I suppose it's the way thing are...
everyone has a right to be a blind fuck if they so choose.

Tell me, did you ever read about WWII in school?  I seem to recall that
everyone said pretty much the same thing you're saying.  Aww... that Hitler
guy ain't so bad, yeah, sure, he took over and oppressed a few of his
neighbors but it's an isolated event doncha know, he won't do it again, we
know this because he said he won't and everyone knows it's bad to lie, so of
course he wouldn't.

In the same line of reasoning I'm sure Saddam has just been pulling
everyone's leg, having his own little joke ya know, when he won't let the UN
inspectors see his weapons cache.  He wouldn't really have anything
dangerous there.  Nope, the US are the bad guys.  They're bugging the poor
man when all he's trying to do is protect his own country.  Just because
he's used biological and chemical WMDs against his own people is no
indicator, they probably deserved it.  Just because he's financing
terrorists is no indicator, he probably thinks they're using the money to
buy pretty toys for their children.  And never mind that a nuclear exchange
would kill millions of people if not many, many more, because Saddam's such
a nice guy he'd *never* think of doing such a heinous thing!  Besides, he
probably doesn't even have nuclear weapons.  That couldn't possibly be the
reason he doesn't want the UN inspectors to know what he's building that's
so damn secret.  It's probably undercover US agents posing as Iraqi troops
keeping the UN out of his weapons cache, just to get poor old Saddam in
trouble.

> > If you
> > support actions in Iraq or not, the people who have to go and do this
> > work deserve our consideration.
>
> Wrong. The people who are going out there are facilitating these
"actions",
> and therefore must take responsibility for their choice. Im sick of this
> "well...our boys are putting their lives on the line for us, so we all
have
> to get behind them" bullshit. The boys are putting their lives on the line
> for political (and economic) gain....thats it. Anyone who does that is not
> deserving of my consideration anyway.

It didn't cross your mind that 9/11 might have been the trigger for these
actions?

You know, this really pisses me off.  Days after the 9/11 attacks, I started
reading posts on various newsgroups with people all around the world getting
infuriated at us for going to war.  Everyone felt it their bounden duty to
tell us how oppressive and cruel we were being sending our army out to fight
people who had no chance to win the war.  They thought we messed with other
people too much, we threw our weight around too much, we made everybody do
what we want, etc., etc.  Well, I want to know something.  If thousands of
your country's innocent civilians were killed by a terrorist attack... would
you just say, "Ah, well, it's too bad but these things happen and we
wouldn't think about retaliating because that would just be cruel.  We'll
just go ahead and let them have their fun, besides this only happens once in
a while so don't be too hard on the poor guys.  We can spare a couple
thousand civilians, we have plenty!"

I actually heard a few people say that we had no right to be upset because
we have so many people in our country that a few thousand made no difference
in our population.

Ok... my point is this.  I don't give a flying fuck what you think about
America.  I don't give a flying fuck how brainwashed you, in your great
wisdom, think we are.  I don't give a flying fuck how imperialistic,
warmongering, evil, corrupted, whatever you think we are.  DON'T FUCK WITH
US.  I'm not saying that everything the American government has done in the
past has been right -- it hasn't -- but America is not going to sit on her
ass and let things like 9/11 happen without doing whatever it takes to make
sure nobody even *thinks* about doing something like that again for a long,
long time.  I guess that makes me a twisted, sadistic fuck, huh?  Well,
everyone has a right to their own opinion, even twisted, sadistic fucks like
me.

~!JDK!~

P.S.  Sorry if the tone of this post is offensive but I'm fucking sick of
people turning around and telling us how evil we are for taking steps to
prevent another 9/11.  If you know a better way to do that then I'll listen
to you, but those assholes who think we should just shut up and take it up
the ass can just piss the fuck off.




