From 3817595948607868770
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: 1042ac,d4ea6d2eb2235337
X-Google-Attributes: gid1042ac,public
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d4ea6d2eb2235337
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Thread: f52e8,d4ea6d2eb2235337
X-Google-Attributes: gidf52e8,public
X-Google-Thread: fee76,d4ea6d2eb2235337
X-Google-Attributes: gidfee76,public
X-Google-Thread: 1082f5,d4ea6d2eb2235337
X-Google-Attributes: gid1082f5,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-10 01:39:12 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!gestalt.direcpc.com!cyclone2.usenetserver.com!usenetserver.com!news01.optonline.net!news02.optonline.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Hal" <hal@optonline.com>
Newsgroups: soc.culture.usa,misc.writing,rec.games.chess.misc,soc.men,alt.games.everquest
References: <9ehj8u0tlf97pf6u129b9a5bp831vprn7n@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: <Jew Spys From Israel Deported>
Lines: 301
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <WQFi8.54964$gQ.13586455@news02.optonline.net>
Date: Sun, 10 Mar 2002 09:39:02 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.44.112.69
X-Trace: news02.optonline.net 1015753142 24.44.112.69 (Sun, 10 Mar 2002 04:39:02 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 10 Mar 2002 04:39:02 EST
Organization: Optimum Online
Xref: archiver1.google.com soc.culture.usa:325903 misc.writing:153265 rec.games.chess.misc:38759 soc.men:238817 alt.games.everquest:174076


"Harold Dow" <Harold.Dow@cbs.com> wrote in message
news:9ehj8u0tlf97pf6u129b9a5bp831vprn7n@4ax.com...
>
::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
::::::
>
> US arrests 200 young Israelis in spying investigation
> By Ben Fenton in Washington
>
>
> Up to 200 young Israelis, some of them former members of military intelligence
> units, have been arrested in America in the past year, a leaked government
> report disclosed yesterday.
>
> Some had used cover stories to gain access to sensitive government buildings
> and the homes of American officials. The report said the actions of some of
> the Israelis, most of whom had outstayed tourist visas, "may well be an
> organised intelligence-gathering activity".
>
> None of the Israelis, about 140 of whom are believed to have been detained
> before the September 11 attacks, has been charged and most have been deported,
> according to the US government.
>
> A spokesman for the Israeli Foreign Ministry, Yaffa Ben-Ari, said it was
> "nonsense" that they had been spying on America. There has been no formal
> American allegation of spying by Israel although Tel Aviv has launched
> espionage operations against its principal ally in the past.
>
> The leaked report was compiled by the Drug Enforcement Administration after
> some of its offices were allegedly targeted by Israelis posing as art
> students. "That these people are now travelling in the US selling art seems
> not to fit their background," the DEA report said.
>
> On Oct 31, the FBI and Immigration and Naturalisation Service officers
> arrested about 60 young Israelis in San Diego, Kansas City, Cleveland, Houston
> and St Louis. All had been selling toys at kiosks in shopping centres across
> America and the FBI is reported to have been investigating this as a front
> operation for espionage activities.
>
> Before that date, about 140 young Israelis had been detained, some for long
> periods, by the FBI and other federal agencies.
>
> There is no evidence linking these arrests to the September 11 attacks
> although some intelligence commentators have pointed to allegations that
> Israel may have been shadowing Arab militants in America without sharing its
> knowledge with Washington.
>
> The DEA report said most of the students questioned by American investigators
> acknowledged having served in units of the Israeli armed forces specialising
> in military intelligence, electronic signals interception or explosive
> ordnance.
>
> It added that one person questioned was the son of an Israeli general, another
> had served as the bodyguard to the head of the Israeli Army and a third served
> in a Patriot missile unit.
>
> Young Israelis are required to serve in the military and there is a long
> tradition that after completing their national service they take advantage of
> their freedom to go out and see the world.
>
> In 1984, Jonathan Pollard, a US naval intelligence officer, was sentenced to
> life in prison for spying for Israel.
>
>
http://www.telegraph.co.uk/news/main.jhtml?xml=/news/2002/03/07/wspy07.xml&sShee
t=/news/2002/03/07/ixworld.html


Like the "hippie" of the '60s, the white nigger is a complete
consumer package -- the expensive-to-buy, cheap-to-make sweatshop
clothes from the perennial Jewish "rag trade," as Jews call it, the
"music" and gang movies that pour billions of White dollars into
outstretched Jewish hands. It's called "disposable income" for a
reason -- money that Whites are throwing away. Let's not forget the
made-in-Israel, smuggled-by-Hasids "Ecstasy" pills made to dissolve
individuals into one great big sweating touchy-feely, aracial mass,
twitching and jumping on the floor of a Jew-owned night club as the
silly lights flash and the cash register rings frantically. Five
dollars for a small bottle of water! Such a business....!! Jews need
rakes to pull in your money, White boy.

With the clothing and the noise and the stupid behavior come the
stupid attitudes, the self-destructiveness and self-hatred, the
Jewish poison spooned down us. Concidentally, I looked up from
writing this to see a Frontline special on PBS titled The Merchants
of Cool about precisely this subject.

Typically, a program such as this can go on for hours showing us one
hooked nose after another, subjecting us to one abrasive Jewish voice
after another directing, inventing, promoting, selling, researching
-- and never once use the word "Jew."

The Merchants of Cool showed us how the current niggerization of
youth, the coarsening, the dumbing-down, the filth, violence, and sex
are all products of the same mega-Jewish "entertainment"
corporations. One character on Murray Rothstein's ("Sumner Redstone")
MTV is "The Mook," Tom Green, who specializes in idiotic behavior,
vomiting on cue, striking himself in the crotch with a stick, waving
his rear end back and forth while walking on a table. In one scene,
"Mook" goes "poo diving." He dons flippers, face mask, and snorkel,
and leaps into achurning brown tank of sewage at a treatment plant.

One finds oneself cheering on the possibility of hepatitis, TB,
meningitis, flesh-eating staph. Go, microbes!

The show whined that the poor teens are "trying to invent their own
culture, all to themselves," but that the "greedy corporations" keep
taking it from them and "commercializing" it. In the first place,
children have never created and run their own culture. In healthy,
racially homogeneous nation-states, there can be continuity, with
several generations living under one roof and children learning from
parents and grandparents. Normal human life flows as a continuum; it
does not progress in a series of Jew-driven commercial jerks with new
clothes, new "music," new "causes" every ten years. Old and young are
not each other's enemies.

Secondly, there is no low point beyond which Jews will not go. The
program showed how teens have become louder and louder, more and more
vulgar and obscene, with "rage rock," desparately trying to swear
loud enough and act repellent enough and paint themselves weirdly
enough that "society will leave them alone." It showed how the
loudest and filthiest of teen bands one day...was appearing on MTV
the next.

Kids, it isn't possible. You can't out-dirty a Jew. No matter what
you do, Jews will eagerly scoop up your filth, package it, and sell
it back to you.

While White teens watch 15 hours or more of "professional wrestling"
every week, lumbering around wearing convict headrags, biker boots,
and carrying baseball bats wrapped in barbed wire and injuring each
other in after-school fights based on the contrived nonsense they see
on TV, Jewish kids are studying like mad to ace their SATs to ensure
that they end up hiring these Whites to mop floors in a few years.
Get ready to serve a sharp little Jewish boss, White boy -- if he'll
have you at all. The Mexicans and other aliens Jews are flooding our
country with work a lot cheaper than you do.

Hip-Hop White Boy, you're a hip-hop sucker. While you slide down
someone's expensive railing on your skateboard (that you bought from
a Jew) and then split your head open on the cement, and stagger
around saying "Oh wow, oh wow," Jews are banding together to take
over entire towns, stealing money and fiddling with the census
figures so that taxpayers will support segregated Hebrew schools
where Jewish kids can learn WITHOUT HAVING TO SIT NEXT TO IDIOTS LIKE
YOU.

You can't out-dirty a Jew -- but you can outsmart him. If you'll
listen to the older White men the Jews are trying so hard to make you
hate, we'll tell you how to do it. We're not like Jews -- we have
nothing to sell you. We will give you a future, though.

Want to have your own culture? Then do so. Reject the Jew, the
criminal nigger, the alien.

White culture is the greatest culture the world has ever known.
Proof? Look at that stupid TV (that Whites invented).
LOOK at it. The whole world is wearing blue jeans and T-
shirts and sneakers and ball caps and carrying handy little
backpacks, or wearing business suits and shirts and ties. Everyone
wants a car and an air conditioner and a refrigerator and a
computer...all White inventions of the last few centuries in the
greatest upsurge of technological innovation ever seen. The whole
world wants to have what we've built; all the blacks and Chinese and
Mexicans put together did not do, could not do in 10,000 years what
we've done in 100.

Don't buy expensive, silly clothes made for pennies in Jew-run
foreign sweatshops. Don't buy music, support causes, or watch
programs that teach you to hate yourself, your family, and your race.
If you want to rebel, REBEL AGAINST THE JEW WHO CONTROLS YOU, right
down to the clothes on your back, everything you're taught in school,
and everything you're allowed to see, read, hear, and buy.

Many of your parents are also victims of what Jews have done to our
society; they are often as confused as you are, as full of self-hate
-- as the rebel, you may have to lead the way in your family. Do
everything that Jews don't want you to do! Stay away from booze,
drugs, and promiscuous sex. Dress simply, be kind and respectful.
"Please," "Thank you," and "I'm sorry" do not mean weakness, and they
will be repaid many times over. Did a Jew ever tell you to cultivate
spirituality in yourself, to learn the value of cleanliness, quiet,
and order? Learn to use tools, to live and find your way in the
outdoors, to fix and make and grow things; let the fools run to the
mall and spend all their money on nigger CDs and makeup and baggy
clothes. If your parents won't or can't teach you these things, get
books and teach yourself and your friends.

Jews aren't cool. They're parasites, manipulators, speculators,
middlemen who live by buying and selling the work of others. We don't
need them for anything. Niggers aren't cool either. Niggers know how
to break bottles and make gang signs and pee in other people's
hallways. I'm a middle-aged White guy. I'm cool.

I don't smoke. I don't drink. I don't do drugs. I'm normal, not
queer, and I don't screw around. I don't gamble. I don't hang around
dangerous places with stupid people. I don't waste money on Jew-
pushed, foreign-made consumer junk. That's why I don't have cancer or
cirrhosis or AIDS or huge emergency room bills. I don't have lawyers
after me for child support and collection agencies after me for
unpaid bills and loan sharks after me for gambling debts and drug
dealers ringing my bell wanting their money.

I don't have a hangover or a system full of toxic, made-from-God-
knows-what drug residue to get rid of. I exercise, walk, run, ride
bikes. In the winter, too. Niggers laugh at me -- from heated buses.
Can't catch me. When they're doubled over gasping and puking up
McDonald's and KFC, I'm fine, good for another twenty miles. I don't
eat that stuff. When niggers are crying about cold, bundled up in
their huge down "Starter jackets," I'm wearing shorts. White people
are hard, fast, strong, tough, resilient. Don't let TV-Jews tell you
any different or put you down. Niggers just play basketball -- Whites
invented it.

I don't sit and watch other people do things on TV. I do things for
myself. I know how to put a computer together and how to sleep
outside, how to build a fallout shelter, how to kill and cook a
rabbit. I can make a camera from scratch and take pictures with it
and develop the pictures. I can not only take the pictures, but I can
write and edit the whole magazine and run the printing press. I can
build radio equipment. I can run almost anything in a machine shop,
and make almost any kind of tool, often from discarded junk. I know
how to use microscopes and Geiger counters and welding torches. As SF
writer Heinlein said, "Specialization is for insects."

I am so cool that I screw caps back on fire hydrants and pick up
trash from the street and call to get traffic lights fixed. I am an
asset to everyone around me, and I have improved every place I've
ever lived, just by being myself and doing the things that
responsible White men do. What did your nigger "friends" ever do for
you except borrow stuff and not return it, steal money from your
parents' dresser the second they got into your house, and try to
screw your sister?

I am one of the people who helps to design, build, and maintain our
civilization. I'm way cooler than any finger-popping nigger ever was,
and I know it. That's why I'm so quiet you hardly know I'm around. I
don't need a loud car stereo or a ring in my nose -- I've got a life.
You don't see me down on the corner, clutching at my genitals,
shouting obscenities, and beating up parking meters. I'm at work, or
at home, listening to classical music and trying to help my race by
writing material like this, to try to make Whites feel good about
themselves and to get them to spit up some of the Jew-poison we're
soaked in day and night.

You can have a life too. Start NOW to make yourself a future; if
you're going to "collect" anything, make it gold and silver coins,
firearms, items of intrinsic value, not some Jew swindler's worthless
baseball cards and phony autographed bats. Don't laugh at
"materialism;" by the time you're 45, you'll want some money in the
bank and a house in a quiet, safe area very badly. Don't throw it
away on dope, on stupid clothes, at the "raves," or in living high in
some "hot area." Trust me on this.

Get a grip on your world; if you understand the past and present,
you'll have an easier time shaping a future. Turn off the TV -- it is
poison. Study some history -- just the recent history of America.
Start with the last 50 years or so, and work back. This country has
changed for the worse so much in the last few decades that it's
almost unbelievable. Seek out and study census figures showing the
immense racial changes that have been engineered by Jews.

Save and cherish your family history, the old photos and scrapbooks.
Old people are a priceless resource. Talk to them. They can tell you
what was across the street before that ugly mall was put in, how
people used to live, where and how they worked. You will always be
glad that you spent time with them, and you'll always remember the
things they can tell you; fifty hours or fifty years of MTV contain
no value at all and will be forgotten in no time. Look at maps and
aerial photos on the Web, and historical pages. Try to find old
books, magazines, and newspapers that will show you more accurately
what American society used to be like before MTV. Many libraries have
old magazines like Good Housekeeping and Popular Science on
microfilm. Use these resources to challenge the crap, the Jewish-
controlled lies you're being taught in school these days.

What was really wrong with The Merchants of Cool? The premise of the
program was that we should calmly sit down with Jews and discuss
their unparallelled destruction of White culture as the destruction
continues. What was right about the show? It proved, yet again, why
Jews have no place in civilized society. Thanks, PBS, for the
pictures of underage girls gyrating in whipped-cream bikinis, the
images of idiots vomiting on themselves and swimming in excrement,
that leave no doubt as to what must be done for White culture to
survive.

It's not fair to you kids, but there's a war on. We're sorry it's
gotten this far, but we're working against a very powerful enemy; the
Jew makes up for his tiny numbers with his tenacity and his racial
cohesiveness. Jews stick together like glue, and Whites must learn to
do the same.

Don't be a white nigger. Just Say No -- To Jews.

-- Taken from article by Chuck Pearson --







