From -5716074036363905258
X-Google-Thread: fb739,488c741c23108e29,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!wns13feed!worldnet.att.net!attbi_s51.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: I want my old EQ back (long)
From: Rumbledor <Rumbledor@HotRemoveThisPartMail.com>
Message-ID: <Xns9540A2F11B93FRumbledorhotmailcom@216.148.227.77>
User-Agent: Xnews/5.04.25
Lines: 109
NNTP-Posting-Host: 12.203.215.172
X-Complaints-To: abuse@insightbb.com
X-Trace: attbi_s51 1092085263 12.203.215.172 (Mon, 09 Aug 2004 21:01:03 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 09 Aug 2004 21:01:03 GMT
Organization: Insight Broadband
Date: Mon, 09 Aug 2004 21:01:03 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:12832

So I'm playing around with my gnome shadowknight last night, and I 
managed to ding 24, so I could say adios to the cesspool that is PC. I 
swear, as much as I hate that place, the xp is just irresistable more 
often than not if you can get into a productive group.

Anyway, so there I was, I had just gotten my new level 25 spell, Lesser 
Summon Corpse, and stowed it away in my backpack, ready to mem it at my 
next ding (yes, I also remembered to pick up some Black Ceremonial 
Coffins as well ;). It's no big deal spell, but it is at least something 
to look forward to during that long stretch between the spell levels of 
22 and 30.

So I says to myself, I says, "Self, where would be a good spot to spend 
my last hurrahs before saying goodbye to the xp bonanza that is PC?" I 
then remembered Echo Caverns and the needlite room. Excellent, I thought. 
I could remember actually spending a couple of levels there with my bard, 
though I never saw the queen spawn. Maybe I'll have better luck this 
time.

So, I mosied on over and, as luck would have it, found the needlite room 
empty, save for the actual needlites, themselves. I had picked up Temp 
while in PoK getting my spell. I don't normally do that, but I figured 
I'd just make sure I could stretch this camp out for a full level without 
running to the zone often, likely winding up in a camp dispute. I was 
able to clear the room easily enough, only having to zone out once when 
it was almost empty to clear the aggro I mistakenly picked up from those 
wall crawler tentacle thingies, and settled into a rhythm of eliminating 
the critters as they spawned, medding between. Only a couple people 
happened by during this whole time, and once they saw it was camped, 
dropped a kindly heal or other word of encouragement and continued on 
their way. One asked me if the queen has spawned yet, and I told him that 
no, I had yet to ever see her.

I was about 95% through level 24, wondering if I was ever going to see 
that blasted insect, when "pop", there she was. The needlite queen. Odd, 
I always thought she spawned at the back of the room for some reason, yet 
there she was, nearly close enough to aggro on me near the front. No 
matter. She was red, but I figured I should be able to handle here with 
no trouble since my Temp still had a good 20 minutes or so left on it, so 
I sat to med up. While sitting, I switched camera views so that I could 
pan around and get a look back out the room entrance to see if that one 
sneaky little needlite had spawned in right that the entrance - you know, 
down in that little hole where you can't hit it with a spell unless 
you're right on top of it? That's when it became apparent to me that the 
queen *does* spawn in at the back of the room, after all! She was huge, 
causing her to look like she was very near. Damn my crappy gnomish depth 
perception! I'm too young for spyglasses. No matter. Harm Touch was up 
and I was just bursting with courage/stupidity. Mr. Bones and I were 
about to drop the hammer on this mutant skeeter and to the victor shall 
go the spoils!

Well, I'm one kitchen sink poorer, seein' as how I threw mine with 
everything else at this Malaria Mary, but I was able to emerge 
victorious! Now I got to see what the fuss was about...

Giant Needlite Wing
Slot: Back
AC+6 Dex+3 Agi+3 Disease Resist+4 Magic Resist+4 Poison Resist+4
Classes: Necromancer Enchanter Magician Wizard  
Races: All Races  

o_O  Ya gotta be kidding me. Bah, that was probably uber in its day, but 
now certainly not worth the time investment. The xp was good though, I 
suppose.

Ahh, well. It netted me a cool 9.5pp at a merchant. It did leave me 
wondering, however, what the state of the game has become when dropped 
gear so completely loses its value (speaking of the non-raiding 
demographic here). I remember being absolutely thrilled at getting a 
Shiny Brass Shield or Dwarven Ringmail Tunic in Crushbone or a Chitinous 
Belt from Crystal Caverns. Now, nothing I can get to drop compares with 
what I've already purchased.

This has been touched upon before, but this encounter kind of drove it 
home for me. It was one thing when the motivations for playing included 
adventure and looking forward to new abilities and better gear. Now, the 
adventuring will still be there (as soon as I once again extract myself 
from the PC tar pits), but the game has become kind of "been there, done 
that" in other respects. Finding someone to go off the beaten path is 
becoming more and more difficult, so I wind up doing the same stuff over 
and over. Heck, I'm having trouble finding people to do LDoN's with, much 
less the Sarnak fort in LoIO or something else nostalgic or at least out 
of the rat race.

This isn't helped by the fact that I have always been afflicted with the 
"alt" bug. My highest character was a 48 bard who I wound up re-rolling 
on FV. Since then, I've tried most classes and races, and as a result, 
wind up experiencing the same lower- to mid-level content over and over.

My main(s) ;) are on Saryrn - everything under 40 right now. Let me know 
if you wanna hook up for something that isn't the same old song and 
dance....please.....I'm begging you.... :P

-- 
Rumble

On Saryrn:
Zandril, 36 Wood Elf Druid
Felstaff Macree, 34 Barbarian Shaman
Xevon Mindseye, 31 Human Enchanter
Minnix Pox, 25 Gnome Shadow Knight of Bertoxxulous
Raevyn, 20 Dark Elf Rogue
Aneas, 27 Human Monk

On Stromm:
Draan, 10 Wood Elf Warrior (kickin' it old school - zero twinkage)

On Firiona Vie:
Seth Stormwind, 20-ish Human Ranger of Karana


