From 3941643905086777579
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,71ff0d40b9a5f03f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-06-17 08:19:12 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!nycmny1-snh1.gtei.net!cpk-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.gtei.net!howland.erols.net!news-out.worldnet.att.net.MISMATCH!wn4feed!wn2feed!worldnet.att.net!216.166.61.6!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!bin8.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Valien <test@test.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Bard Charm Kiting 101
Message-ID: <9cvrguslfmg3kv9jugnj54v4vt5b1291ue@4ax.com>
References: <3D076BA3.1471EA03@dejazzd.com> <tzMN8.170083$cQ3.5000@sccrnsc01> <3D082954.493F30E1@dejazzd.com> <aegl0g$kcq$1@woodrow.ucdavis.edu>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.9/32.560
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 146
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 17 Jun 2002 10:18:54 CDT
Organization: Giganews.Com - Premium News Outsourcing
X-Trace: sv3-mN8nNN8sV5tt1ntYfpZlboGHSD1u5rz9IDtSnZ6NKpKBFDtFQW22MbdC6ss8DFjo96MHGcsXcFaE+Wi!jQa/Pbnqir75o+kXudrAO6mGTCLFewJa0VFtaB8xgBoNOTffaI1TH9ANeOkICFmOsylX
X-Complaints-To: abuse@GigaNews.Com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
Date: Mon, 17 Jun 2002 15:18:54 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:204897

On Sun, 16 Jun 2002 00:09:52 +0000 (UTC), ez064842@sandman.ucdavis.edu
(Remington Stone) wrote:

>Argh! I've also played a bard for about a month, but this well-received 
>post has expired from my durn mailserver before I got to read it...

Here you go....

Originally Posted by "Lance Berg"
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
Its taken me a while to get charm kiting working, but now
its churning out exp and loot like a dream.

Changes to the game make most of the guides I've seen
outdated, charm kiting is no longer as simple as most
of the guides suggest.

Previously, a once charmed mob would apparantly
remember his target and go back to it when charm
was replaced.  If this was ever the case it no longer
is... not insurmountable, but it would sure have been
easier the other way.

Charm now wipes the hate list of a mob completely,
and when the charm breaks the charmer goes straight
to the top of the hate list... and with a LARGE
amount of hate.  In the meantime, charmed mobs,
like most pets, are awful taunters, and have serious
trouble getting on top of the list of their targets.

While its possible to charm mobs and have them
beat on other mobs that are chasing you or beating
on you, this isn't the ideal strategy; usually half the
joy of charming is that your pet is taking damage
while dishing it out, so that when you are done with
him you have an almost dead mob you can kill for
the bonus exp.

SO you want to charm one mob and have him duke
it out with another.

Here's how I work that; I don't do anything at all to
the other mob I'm fighting.  I get it to fight me with
prox aggro (assuming I'm KOS to it) or frenzy
(assuming that it frenzies with the mob I'm going to
use as a pet)... this means I'm as low as I can manage
on that hate list.  I can aggro my pet all I like, after he's
charmed I'm on top of his list anyway.

So I pull my pet mob, and aggro a second mob, and
move them over to a spot where we won't get roamers,
and there's some running room.

Keeping my distance (selos or if I can arrrange it SOW)
I put charm on my designated pet.  If charm fails you
get the resist message, so a sense of rythm (critical
bard ability) should tell you when he's got to be charmed
cause you didn't get the resist.  Once he's charmed reverse
direction and swoop thru the pair in order to let the victim
take a swipe at you.  One hit, or better one miss, is all you
need, now your pet aggros on the victim while you run on
past out of combat range.   When the pet hits your victim
the victim should turn to fight, as long as you've not done
anything to the victim yourself and keep adequate distance.

Swap back to Selos or healsong for a couple tics and watch
for the charm breaks message with your pet targetted the
whole time.  When it does, back off again charming (if you
are using selos you need to twist it in one in three if you
are getting resists) until it sticks and then swoop thru again
to get the pet defending you.

Watch your pet's health bar, don't let him die while charmed,
thats a waste of exp.  Ideally charm will break at a point where
he's running, but sometimes you'll have to actually deal with him
yourself.  One plan is to just tank both mobs, another is to charm
the original victim for one 3 tic cycle and switch back to your
pet so both you and the victim are meleeing him... you won't
be able to get your former pet to fight the charmed victim though.

Ideally you charm the more powerful of the pair, as there's less
chance of him dying by accident while your pet.  I will go for
caster mobs even if they are less powerful, though, as this uses
up their mana doing things to your victim, so when its time to
finish them off they are often OOM themselves.  Also caster
mobs tend to be annoying  these days especially, laying down
a far more effective selection of spells... but when they are putting
them on your victim you'll be thinking WHOA, Upgrade!

When you charm a caster partway thru casting a spell on you,
you'll get a Protected message... your pet can't cast on you,
sadly he can't buff you, but he also can't stick that Slow
he started casting before charm hit.  This means that caster
pets are often safer than melee ones, since they break charm,
start to cast, get charmed again...wasting their whole "out from
under" time!

Variations:

Indoors if your SOW has faded or you never had it, you'll have
to suck up some damage while sticking charm.  Nice things about
this plan:  you can melee your pet while waiting for charm to hit,
don't worry it doesn't seem to affect the odds of charming him in
the least.  It also takes a lot less room to do it this way, which
helps because space is at a premium indoors sometimes.  And you
can twist healsong during your waits to reduce the effects and frankly
just to have something to do... I actually twist a full combat cycle
so that I have three combat icons up during the "reapply charm"
phases, if I'm not feeling lazy.

Swarms; its quite possible to get two or three mobs (or more)
beating on your pet.  Again its crucial that you do nothing
to anger the swarm.   Your pet is now your principle source
of exp, after all he's got three mobs beating him down, you
don't think he's going to take them all out do you?  Once he's running
you set up the next victim for the swarm, then quickly dash over
to the runner and finish him off... watch out for charm cycle timing
though cause thats a lot of angry mobs you've got coming for you
each time charm breaks.  You may also want to go with /pet attack
comand for this, as the (far easier) swoop method can get you in
trouble with a large swarm each getting in a free hit.  Note here:
swarm kiting with a partner is particularly difficult, as your partner
can easily get aggro off your pet by healing you!  Best use of
partner is to have him kill the runners, which can be annoyingly
difficult to do while keeping the swarm running.

Another use of charm, which can't really be considered charm
kiting, is as a taunt.  Mob on your partner when it really shouldn't
be?  Charm it.  Best taunt in the game.  Charmed, that mob
is off its target and available to help out for a little while if
you like... and when charm breaks it is interested in nothing at
all other than you.
---------------------------------------------------------------



<------(--o
Khosh Barbarian Beastlord of the 18th season on FV
Tavien Barbarian Shaman of the 11th season on FV (Master Smith <124>)
Tavian Human Ranger of the 9th Season on FV

Valien Stillwater (Retired 53 Monk) Innoruuk
o--)------>

"[He] lacks the wit and understanding of irony that separates cantankerous from crackpot."
- - Arolpin


