From -4861217935414517717
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7aea2505fba1b255
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-14 08:34:20 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Why I love EQ
Date: Mon, 14 Jan 2002 11:30:47 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C4307B7.8BA567DF@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3c42f658$1_1@nntp2.nac.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 70
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:156264

Jeremiah Kristal wrote:
> 
> OK, it wasn't the best weekend in terms of moving that old exp bar, but it
> certainly reminded me why I love Everquest.  

<snip inspiring story>

Much more newbyish than yours, but we had a pretty cool weekend as well.
(Well, at least Sunday was.) Had three outings planned for Sunday to
help guildies and allies kill stuff needed for their epics. Sunday
morning we went to FoB with our highest level chanter because the
Tangerine (heh) was up out on the island. We expected needing three
groups given our levels. (low to mid fifties, with some high forties
thrown in.) A bunch of people either oversleep or can't connect, and we
are there and running out of time with only eleven folks. I'm MA for the
group, so they buff me up and get MR as high as possible with what we
have (170something) and we charge. That monkey was a bastard, and we
lost two folks in the process, but he went down. One happy chanter. :-)

Took a break for lunch, then met in Kithicorre to meet Orlun for his
long awaited General raid for the last big mob for his rogue's epic.
Right from the start it looked like a fluster cluck, as some people were
late arriving, and the MA and SA we had lined up (Warlord and a 58) did
not show. *sigh*. I started cold calling warlords in the area, anybody
I'd ever even *MET* before, and we found one. But we still had an SA
that was only 55. Plus, of the two 60 Monks lined up for the pulling
team, only one showed. But we bravely (stupidly?) grouped up, Orlun
organized the raid force, and we moved to the crossroads. Immediately
things started going south. Somebody got lost on the way there, ran
right through/past the DE house, and trained the entire house full of
55-59 DE's into the raid force. *sigh*.  We camped out a few of the
casters, fortunately including our click sticker, but I think we'd only
killed two DE's before the rest of the party was wiped out. At least
three dozen dead.

Rezzed, reformed, actually had time to BUFF, and started splitting,
pulling the Dark Elves. Finally got down to the last one and Orlun
Spawns the General. The puller died just short of the raid force. The MA
steps up boldly, but whether it's lag, or what-have-you, the first heals
don't land in time and the MA is down in under ten seconds. The SA
doesn't have time to establish aggro, and now the General is pingponging
around the raid force and merrily summoning casters by the boatload. We
did finally kill him, but Orlun was dead along with half the raid
including yours truly again. He got back and (Thank Gawd!) looted his
epic piece. Later, we did the general again for another rogue from one
of the ally guilds that was there helping. That time it went WAY better
with the MA getting/holding aggro for the whole fight, staying alive,
and only a couple of summon deaths.

Lastly, that night, went to FP to help out some friends in Tiru's guild
to take down Sir Lucan for one of their Pally's Soulfire. Lucan and
friends went down with less than ten minutes invested.

So....... three outings, three epic steps knocked off for friends. I
only died twice. Not too shabby.

> Arolpin
> and I only lost 1 blue bubble this weekend

I think I didn't lose any as I made some xp in the Hole Saturday that
kind of made up for it. Of course, I didn't gain any either.
*sigh*
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"If a man points at the moon, an idiot will look at the finger."
- - Sufi proverb 

Thurgadin Quest Armor Guide:
http://myweb.servtech.com/~thegeorg/eq/thurgadin.htm


