From -7563304153329605287
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,26d6624bfa374982,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-10 09:15:13 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed.news.qwest.net!news.uswest.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Reply-To: "Archerbear" <archerbear@BS.qwest.net>
From: "Archerbear" <archerbear@notvalid.qwest.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: What is balance?
Lines: 154
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <kWAhb.22$g64.11107@news.uswest.net>
Date: Fri, 10 Oct 2003 11:15:11 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 207.122.170.5
X-Trace: news.uswest.net 1065802512 207.122.170.5 (Fri, 10 Oct 2003 11:15:12 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 10 Oct 2003 11:15:12 CDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:1794

There's lots of talk about class balance.  What IS balance?  How do you tell
when classes are 'balanced?'

To me, class balance is acheived when every class is considered equally
desirable.  Note that I did not say equally desirable in every
circumstance - if every class was equally wanted in every possible
circumstance, there would be no difference between classes (e.g.  If every
class could heal 'the best', they would all be clerics.)

To my way of thought, the way to determine class balance would be to look at
the roles characters are called upon to play, and make sure that among the
classes that can fill those roles the desirability of those classes is
roughly equal, with enough variation to prevent the classes from blurring.
Again turning to priest classes as an example - cleric direct-heals are 'the
best', shaman regeneration-heals and buffs are 'the best', druid heals are a
distinct third but they have buffs, nuking, and utility functions that the
other priest classes lack.  From a healing standpoint, druids are
'unbalanced'; from an overall utility standpoint druids are in balance.
However, since people forming a group want pure healing and not the overall
utility, druids are often skipped.  Thus, while druids could be considered
balanced from a class-ability standpoint, it is clear druids are below
'balance' from a desirability standpoint.

The roles that I see various classes filling (both in groups and on raids)
are:

Tank
Aggro Control
Healing
Damage Mitigation
Damage Output
Utility

Tank:  The ability to absorb damage.
Best:  Warrior
Second: Paladin, Shadowknight
    The gap between Warriors and the second-level tanks is not large, though
the Defensive discipline gives Warriors an edge after 55 - once in a while.
For Tanking, these classes are roughly balanced; most reasonably-informed
players will accept any of the three classes to tank.

Aggro Control
Best: Paladin, Shadowknight, Ranger
Second:  Warrior
    The Hybrid classes are undisputed masters of generating aggro; Rangers
and Shadowknights have an edge on Paladins in shedding aggro when they
desire (Jolt / FD).  The gap between Best and Second is large; Warriors have
no reliable means of generating aggro (though a skilled Ranger or
Shadowknight working with the warrior can build huge aggro, hand it off to
the Warrior, then deaggro themselves).  Warriors are below balance.

Healing
Best: Cleric
Second: Shaman, Druid
    Shamans nearly join Clerics on the 'best' level, but the shaman CH is
still significantly below the Cleric's and must be cast more often to keep a
tank propped up.  Shaman regen spells really help keeping the tanks propped
up, especially the Torpor series.  Druids, however, have a worse CH than
shamans and slower (if longer-lasting) regen spells.  For healing, Druids
are below balance.

Damage Mitigation
Best:  Enchanter, Shaman
Second: Necromancer, Bard, Beastlord
    Shamans and Enchanters are nearly a dead tie for this role.  The
Enchanter's ability to stop adds in their tracks in almost all
circumstances, combined with their excellent slowing ability, nearly makes
them the masters of mitigation.  However, the Shaman's even better slows,
combined with the beef to be able to offtank a bit while they rootpark,
brings them to a very close second to the Enchanter.  Only the Enchanter's
ability to stop a caster (when rootparking is of lesser importance) puts him
on top.
    The Necromancer can both mezz and root-park effectively, and has an
effective set of slows against a very common mob type (undead).  However,
the Necro's ability to mezz is severely curtailed after a certain level,
putting them on the second tier.  Bards cannot rootpark at all, but have
both single-target and area slows, fast-casting mezzes and can take a few
hits while getting things under control.  Bards unfortunately can't mezz
more than three or four mobs, whereas a good Enchanter can lock down six or
more without working up a sweat.  Beastlords are far below the other classes
but at least have the ability to Slow.
For Mitigation, Enchanters and Shamans are roughly in balance, with
Necromancers, Bards, and Beastlords below balance.

Damage Output
Best: Rogue, Ranger, Monk, Mage, Beastlord, Wizard
Second:  Druid, Necromancer
    Much has been written about the various DPS classes.  There is little
doubt of who is Best and who comes in Second.  Wizards nearly make second -
it's a tossup, due to their total dependence on mana.  Necromancers are
second despite their devastating pets because their best damage spells
require a longer duration to take full effect than most mobs in an XP group
stand.  Druid DPS can be very good, especially if their damage-shields are
added in, but expensive nukes, shallow mana pools, and the need to use mana
for things other than nukes limits their firepower.
    For damage, Druids, and Necromancers are slightly below balance.

Utility
Best: Druid, Shaman, Cleric, Bard, Enchanter, Rogue
Second: Necromancer, Wizard, Beastlord, Monk, Mage
    It's a long-standing joke that standing too near a Druid and a Shaman
can make you go blind on your right - a leftover from the days when all
buffs appeared on the right side of the screen, before the custom UIs.  For
a general case of 'I can buff you for anything' Shamans win; Druids are VERY
close behind Shamans - fewer buffs, but very useful ones and they have the
teleportation ability.  Cleric HP/AC buffs are highly desirable in almost
every circumstance.  Bards are also in the 'Best' category here because,
frankly, a good Bard can do *anything* with the right songs up - and can
switch which buffs, debuffs, etc. are being used with as little as three
seconds warning.  A Bard's flexibility is legendary.  Enchanters almost
don't have to be mentioned - they have long been the must-have class for
mana and haste.  Rogues are in Utility for their sneak/hide ability, so
useful for scouting and CR, and their lockpicking - essential in certain
places.
    Necromancers have quite a few utility spells, but are seldom desired for
it, probably through lack of information.  A Necromancer who keeps lifetaps,
manataps, health-sharing and other stat taps going can be surprisingly
effective.  Wizards are in this category as a courtesy, because of teleports
and rarely-used anti-spell shields.  Beastlords are 'Light Shamans', with
most of the Shaman class buffs but at much lower levels, and the useful
health/mana regen line.  Monks with their FD ability are low-utility - a
one-trick pony that can often be done without.  Mages can be considered
utility only for summoned foci, which are frequently unnecessary.
    For Utility, Druids, Shamans, Bards, and Enchanters are roughly
balanced, with Necromancers not far behind, but Beastlords, Mages, and
Wizards far below.

Final Analysis
For a class to be 'desirable' in a grouping/raiding context, they should be
Best at some role, and Second best at at least one other role.

Warriors are Best at tanking, but are not desirable for any other role.
They are out of balance, and need to be made Second at *something*.
Paladins and Shadowknights are Best at aggro and Second at tanking.
Rangers are Best at aggro and damage.
Monks are Best at damage but are distinctly Second at utility.  Monks are
slightly out of balance, and need a better Second role.
Rogues are Best at damage and utility.
Bards are Best at Utility and Second at damage mitigation.
Mages are Best at damage but a distinct Second at utility.  Mages could use
a boost to their Second, or another Second added.
Wizards are Best at damage and a distinct Second at utility.  Like Mages,
they could use a boost.
Necromancers are not Best at anything, but are Second in utility, damage
output, and damage mitigation.  Necros could use a boost to one of their
Seconds.
Enchanters are Best at mitigation and utility.
Clerics are Best at healing and utility.
Shamans are Best at healing and utility
Druids are Best at utility and Second at healing.  Druids will have a
problem if they advertise themselves as a primary Healing role, but should
be ok if they advertise for Utility should be ok.




