From 6377238628510622546
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b73b33ecec5e01ba,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-07 05:33:31 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.232.MISMATCH!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3DF1F649.5340160C@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Pony up
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 114
Date: Sat, 07 Dec 2002 13:30:40 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.169
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1039267840 66.109.234.169 (Sat, 07 Dec 2002 08:30:40 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 07 Dec 2002 08:30:40 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:251251

Well I avoided getting a pony for ages, but I finally broke down
and got one for PoP.

Tried it with the graphics on, and there's nothing more annoying,
although I suppose it would be possible to get used to the
thing.  Movement started slow and gradually sped up, stopping,
likewise, took time and didn't stop me where I started my stop.
As a caster, moving into position, stopping, spinning to inform
the system I'm stopped, and casting is a constant way of life;
adding a bit of lag to this procedure is a heavy penalty to pay.

Luckily, I'd been told of a way to get rid of the graphics and
the funny movement; after coming back here and asking around some
more, I got this working; you turn off your SOL model for your
race/sex, and turn on horses and elementals model.  This strange
combination gives you a horse icon without the horse movement
wierdness.

Why would you want a horse without the movement?  Ah, here's the
thing.  In addition to movement (and without spending tens and
tens of thousands of pp, movement speed of a horse is quite
pathetic), horses have three other benefits, and you keep these
even if your horse graphics are off.

One, while on a horse, you never get sit aggro.  Particularly in
PoP zones, this is an enourmous benefit.

Two, you can also use your spell book without incurring sit aggro
while on horseback.  I've used this while meleeing in a group,
click horse on, look in book, swap a spell out, close book, cast
spell, click horse off and back to fighting.  Try sitting down
next to a high level mob thats already reasonably pissed at you
(for casting Cheals and stuns) to mem a spell without a horse,
and you'll have your liver handed to you on a stick!

Three, and most important, while on a horse, any time you aren't
moving or meleeing (with your attack button on) you are counted
as sitting for meditation purposes.  This would be significant in
any case, I spend a lot of time on my feet waiting for the right
moment to cast my next spell... but it works EVEN WHILE CASTING
which is even more effective, especially if you have no mana
clicky items.

The first two items are nice, but the third amounts to the
equivalent of FT 20 any time you wouldn't normally have been
sitting, moving, or meleeing.

Further, this breathes new life into some of my favorite items in
the game, the clicky effect items.  I'm back to chain clicking my
thurg legs; 105 points of heal per person in my group per 12
seconds... roughly 3000 points of healing, potentially, per
minute(assuming everyone is getting injured, that is, of course
its only 500 hp per person).  I've used my Donals arms on a
shaman and on a necro for a virtual mana feed, thats 220 points
of heal per 12 seconds or so, 1100 HP per minute.  I've stood
there pounding my Blazing Bracer of Fennin Ro steadily at each
target, 51 points of damage per 4 seconds, 765 points of damage
per minute, which isn't much at my level, but its a lot more than
what I'd have done sitting on my butt medding.  These items were
very useful at lower levels if I was willing to sacrifice the
meditation time, but didn't scale up and eventually were
relegated to the ash heap... now they are back since they mean I
can contribute to the fight while maximizing my incoming mana.

My only remaining complaints with the horse are

A) Horse prevents Yaulp V.  Of course I don't get the benefits of
the horse while meleeing anyway, but its annoying to have to turn
it off to fight, then click again and wait three seconds to get
it back up in between fights, and Yaulp V is half the mana regen
that pony is.

B) I end up not meleeing as much as I used to; where once I was
able to say "I might as well melee, I can't sit down to med
anyway" I'm now back to not meleeing because my mana flow is more
important than my melee output.

C) Horse takes a buff slot.  At the high end game, 15 buff slots
get used up mighty fast, particularly when you have to leave one
open for SE, one for my Donals BP Nerf icon, and at least one for
nasty mob effects like DOTs or more often Tash.

D) Weirdness logging off.  Apparantly you aren't supposed to be
able to camp out while on horseback.  With the no graphics horse,
this isnt' prevented, but when you do it, you get the bad sides
of both camping and quitting.  Camp out takes 30 seconds, and
then you get disconnected and counted as LD!  Even after clicking
the horse off, I get this, I think perhaps zoning out will fix
it, but thats inconvenient.  Worse, in some cases, particularly
as a cleric, its crippling; its my JOB to camp out if a raid is
wiping, so I can camp back in afterwards and rez the fallen.
Twice last night while we were setting up to kill CT we ended up
accidentally aggroing him and having to camp, both times I ended
up dead; once I camped while on horse, second time I clicked
horse off, then camped... both times I got all the way out
without a problem, but disconnected, and came back to a dead
body, as though I'd tried quitting out and got killed while LD.

Anyway, the point of this post is, I reccomend any caster
consider picking up the cheapest horse in the game (roughly
8500pp, comes in one of two colors) as probably one of the most
effective and cheapest mana regen items in the game.  I avoided
them because they seemed annoying and dorky, and I was happy with
TBoots till I got the Run AA, and even happier with Run, horses
as a way of improving movement speed  strike me as very foolish
use of platinum... but as FT 20 items (FT 10 items for 56+
clerics, sadly) they are hard to beat at any price.

Of course if you spend all your time indoors, none of these
benefits will apply; happily, the Planes all seem to be outdoor
zones!

Bergh "my little pony" Brelltender



