From -7026155220958842228
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9db846339ea9b8df,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-31 01:34:06 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed3.newsreader.com!newsreader.com!news-xfer.cox.net!p01!news1.central.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Trolls are amazing and...
Reply-To: dsteph@babaloo.net
Message-ID: <31o21vc64fhronohl026mar9ferse6mlhs@4ax.com>
References: <t0501vocvavsel1d9tfqg5jmlcspk3ogbn@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.92/32.572
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 99
Date: Tue, 31 Dec 2002 09:32:17 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.13.189.97
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news1.central.cox.net 1041327137 68.13.189.97 (Tue, 31 Dec 2002 04:32:17 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 31 Dec 2002 04:32:17 EST
Organization: Cox Communications
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:255095

On Mon, 30 Dec 2002 09:47:51 +0000 (UTC), Palindrome
<palindrome1234@btinternet.com> wrote:

>Now, as you can guess, I'm attached to him now, and I have about 30
>Deathfist belts I'd like to trade in at Freeport.  If I keep killing
>orcs, will I ever be allowed inside the city without being attacked?
>I've seen Dark Elves in there, but can't recall any Trolls...

You can instead go to east freep, in the hidden sewer entrance to the 
far LEFT (your left, facing the guards) from outside, behind a "camp")
and raise faction with dismal rage with bone chips. Its also pretty
good experience when very low and you even notice it if you have
a bunch of them around level 15. You hug the right wall down and
around, then go forward when you can through the next opening. Xelha
is in there (lady in red robe, bone chip quest)

FYI: Not sure if its the new UI or what, but you can't do 4 stacks
of 4 for faction quests now. If you do, it only counts as 4 stacks
of ONE. So giving more than one item per slot to an npc is a waste
now. So what I'm saying, the long way, is give her 4 bone chips but
only ONE per her slots (don't stack them) 

If you don't know yet, over a stack you hold down CTRL key while
clicking on it to only get ONE item. You hold down SHIFT to get the 
whole thing or to BUY the whole thing rather (you pick up the 
whole thing without shift)

When faction is high enough, she'll take fire beetle eyes from you
or spiderling silk. Just inside NRO is Murrissa Sandwicher (or
something like that) she will sell to your troll unless you were silly
enough to bring down dervish faction (she is on that) by killing
dervishes. Its worth it not to kill them since she is one of the few
npcs who will sell/buy with you without faction work. I mention her
because, often a bit after the game was last patched (like now), she
has nearly unlimited fire beetle eyes sometimes. So when xelha will
take these from you, you can buy a bunch from murissa and its a short
trip back and forth. She gives more Xp for beetle eyes than bone chips
(and probably a larger faction raise?)

Essentially you only need to get apprehensive to dismal though, unless
you'd like to make it higher. Though you might freak since it brings
down freep pally faction, evidently evils are not far from max kos
anyway. My dark elf cleric raised dismal to like allied by level 18,
mostly for the xp from this quest, yet it still did not take her a
huge long time to get north freep pallys non kos via orc killing.

When you are apprehensive, you can train with that barb warrior guy
down in the east freep sewer, in the dismal rage area (he is farther
on from the first area with the Sk trainer) For a troll or ogre, its
far easier to raise this faction for training than it is the Neriak
one (indigo brother hood) or freeport warrior (insanely hard, steel
warriors???)

of course if you have pop, you can just take that to POK to train 
and skip much of this trouble. You can shop there too and
its like newb evil race paradise.

Dark elves don't have as far to go to be non kos and are only 
dubious to the freeport militia to start, though if a priest/necro/sk
are kos to north freep paladins to start.

Since militia can't be raised well from kills, but needs quests for
the most part (which for a troll requires raising OTHER factions
first..) you best bet is to auction or /ooc for a druid to give you a
wolf form please. .. when you have LOTS of orc belts. Then you can
turn them in to the guy at the militia guild in West freeport while in
wolf form. It may take a few trips with wolf form to do it, so wait
until you have a huge amount of belts (all you can carry) to go into
west freeport /oocing for a wolf form for 5 plat or something (you
might get it for free but are more apt to if you offer something)

Though a troll, in wolf form you don't have as far to go as 
if you were a class with a diety (since you are a warrior)

Essentially you do all that, until not kos to militia THEN do 
stuff like jenam and rebby in the freep sewers to raise merchant
faction, THEN finally when that is all done you worry about being 
kos to north freeport (for the bank, etc) In the meantime all the orcs
you killed probably would have helped some. You wait to worry about
this last since the militia belt turn in quest LOWERS north freep
pallys (knights of truth)

So while doing all of that, kill every stinking orc you ever see
to get at least a start/balance on keeping knights of truth up. Never
let a pawn go by ;)

Some people get this mixed up and think you KILL ORCS to raise
militia, no, you kill orcs to get the belts to raise militia.

Troll or ogre faction work is so hard that I just never bother
with my troll sk. I got dismal rage up so she could train 
in the east freep sewer. Now, with POP/Luclin I'm glad
I never bothered since she can just take the pop thing
up. My dark elf cleric did a load o' faction work though, as kind
of a hobby. She did some "impossible" ones like getting to indifferent
with the north freep cleric guild, while still in dark elf form.

dstephenatcoxdotnet
( using the @ and . for email )


