From -8799671793121679940
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4be3607160433ea5
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!newsfeed3.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!easynews-local!news.easynews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Druid Hunting
From: Oddfeld <sendyourselfspam@127.0.0.1>
References: <n4dJc.174968$rCA1.57872@news01.bloor.is.net.cable.rogers.com>
Organization: Miskatonic University
Message-ID: <Xns9526D78FA4E08fhtagn@140.99.99.130>
User-Agent: Xnews/06.07.17
Lines: 95
X-Complaints-To: abuse@easynews.com
X-Complaints-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
Date: Wed, 14 Jul 2004 20:11:26 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:9737

"FROSTY3469" <FROSTY3469@ROGERS.com> wrote:

> can anyone tell me a good website or possibly just tell me where as i
> druid i can solo my way to 50+ right now i am lvl 16 and have made it
> mostly in groups, soon tho i want to do this solo as its sometimes
> hard to find a group

You might try:
http://eq.crgaming.com/menu/druid.asp

And in particular check the play guides and strategies section


I've been on a 2 year hiatus from EQ, so any information I give you will 
be out of date since I levelled my druid up in the old world, Kunark and 
Velious and there may be better alternatives that have since gone live. 
However, for soloing you basically want any big outdoor zone so you have 
room to kite and you can use SoW/wolfform/harmony, and it helps if it's 
full of animals so you can use charm and fear and such.

At your level I think I was charm kiting in East Karana. There are some 
mobs that you've probably found will hand your ass to you if you try to 
melee them straight on - things like Griffawns/enes/ons are huge 
undercons for example (at least in melee terms, you could fear kite them 
or root&rot them or whatver). This makes them great pets because you can 
find a lowish level one (the lower level compared to you the less it'll 
resist or break charm) and it'll still be able to take out other mobs a 
few levels higher than itself. So you can charm a blue griffawn, set it 
on a red crag spider and it'll probably win, repeat until your pet is 
nearly dead, break charm and kill it for the xp too. Or you can just 
fear kite stuff. Or you can set your pet on stuff and fear the mobs for 
it, so your pet is effectively fear-kiting, in which case you can keep a 
pet griff alive for ages. All the time the pet is fighting things you 
can be sat on your butt medding, and just jump up to cast when you need 
to (because you need to recharm your pet, or root-park adds or 
whatever), so there's little downtime. Incidentally, snaring your 
proposed pet before you charm it, and rooting or fearing the stuff you 
set it on, and sitting a little bit away from the action (to give you a 
head start on your pet) should make things manageable if charm breaks, 
so you don't get 2 angry mobs suddenly beating on you.

This method will see you right for many levels to come since you just 
move up to bigger and scarier pets as you match level with them, so you 
start out charming Griffawns in EK, move up to Griffenes then eventually 
Griffons (more of those in NK than EK), etc.

When you outgrow EK, there's places nearby like the chickenshack in SK 
(where you can single pull aviaks with harmony so you don't need a group 
if noones there), and this zone also has wandering animals, plus after a 
few levels you can pop into Paw for grouping etc. Or there's other 
places full of animals like LoIO in Kunark (which is deserted nowadays 
and has had it's zone experience modifier nerfed, but it's still full of 
animals). Probably places like Stonebrunt would be an alternative these 
days for someone in their 20s.

At 30 or so you can move to Velious and try the same old tactics on Snow 
Cougars in Iceclad, where you will be handily placed when you hit 34 
since that's when you get the first of your targettable AEs, lightning 
strike, which means you can start quad kiting. The key to quadding is to 
find 4 mobs with the same movement rate so you can keep them bunched up 
into a tight pack. In practice this means grabbing 4 of the same mob. 
Snare 4 mobs, run rings around them until you've herded them into a 
huddled group, then nuke one and you should hit all 4 at once, meaning 
you take out 4 mobs with the same mana, rinse and repeat until dead. 
You'll burn through a whole bar of mana at once and have to med up to 
full again, but this is still a very efficient use of that mana. Make 
sure you have enough to start with - if you run out of mana and the mobs 
aren't all dead you're basically screwed, so make sure you have lots of 
WIS gear by level 34 so you have a decent sized mana pool. If you can't 
quite manage to quad-kite a particular type of mob, come back next level 
when your mana pool is that bit bigger.

Now, as for the good places to quad kite, you need places with lots of 
the same type of mob (like the cougar islands in Iceclad - the island 
with the tower of frozen shadow was usually deserted) and with a safe 
area to pull them to for kiting them around in where you won't get many 
wandering adds (like the cliff-faces at the back of said islands - use 
lev). I found loads of stuff to quad in Velious, basically you could go 
from snow cougars to Ulthorks/walruses in Eastern Wastes or Drakkel Dire 
Wolves in GD, to Frost Giants (not that they're any higher level than 
stuff like Ulthorks, you just need to be pretty high level to have 
enough mana to finish them off since they have a ton of hp). You can use 
the old favourite animal charm tactics here too - there are snow 
griffons in EW that make good pets for example.

By the time you're through that lot you should be high 40s at least...


Of course, you could just go group in Paludal Caverns for the next 10 
levels like everyone else...

-- 
My address is oddfeldatusersdoteasynewsdotcom.
If you can't work out how to demunge it,
you really shouldn't be emailing me.


