From -4395178359790262529
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2fcba11f503f140e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!proxad.net!news.tele.dk!news.tele.dk!small.news.tele.dk!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-12!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <teapray@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: OT (very): Lunchroom Justice Question
Date: Sun, 07 Nov 2004 22:40:38 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <418EF8C6.AA62D848@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <418C7EBB.EBB7FCC@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 248
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:22414

   So many good ideas!  I'm going to combine my replies in one post, rather
than making a dozen different posts.

   David Navarro wrote:

> Don't know about that, but if it's a case of lunch larceny, try
> injecting generous amounts of Habanero sauce in it, and keep an ear out
> for the screams.

    This thought has indeed crossed my mind.  Has the advantages of being
hard to see, painful, and probably non lethal.  Has the disadvantage that
if the criminal has a high tolerance of pain, they might be able to mute
their screams and thus not receive a well deserved public humiliation. 
Still, the simplicity and good probability of some sort of payoff is hard
to ignore.  This one might very well go into the "Let's do it!" category.

David Navarro also wrote:

> Taking a different approach... Maybe you could borrow a laptop and one
> of those tiny wireless cameras from somewhere? I know of a case of a
> petty-cash thief being caught by a co-worker's web cam.

    Advantages: Might be more likely to get someone fired.  This would be
great, in my opinion.  Disadvantages: I don't have this set up, and here in
Missouri Land Lenny and I seem to be the resident tech heads.  I don't know
anyone from whom I could borrow this, and if I did I would be a bit wary of
it being stolen as well.  Plus, the public humiliation factor seems to be
low, unless the tape were shown at the company x-mas dinner or something. 
Also, it seems to me that the thief could simply say "Ya, I took the tv
dinner.  I also put it in!  What's wrong with that?"  This is a communal
fridge, used by many, and a tape of someone taking a dinner out of the box
might not be as damaging as it could be.  But still, the real disadvantage
is the low cruelty factor in this method.

Palindrome wrote:

> When I was (much) younger, we used to favour "Fart Powder" for prank
> attacks.  Great fun!

   Not familiar with the find sounding product, I am afraid.  If it is
something that sticks to one's fingers and causes a noxious smell, and
cannot be washed of easily with water or solvent, then this might have real
possibilities as well.  If so, can you supply a link of a on-line store
that might sell it?

Tony Evans asked:

> Is the aim to then track down and locate this individual, or to merely
> cause them to no longer try to take the food? 

   An excellent question, Tony.  The aim is humiliate them, expose them to
everyone in the plant, make them a laughing stock, and get them fired if
possible.  I know that we're just talking about a theft of a few tv dinners
here, but it is the principle of the thing.  I know the thief has a job. 
The thief can afford to eat.  The thief has decided that is simply easier
to save a couple of dollars by making some random co-worker go hungry for a
shift.  I hate that attitude.  You want to be a random asshole?  You're
playing Russian Roulette, baby.  Yes, I have a mean streak.

Aruvqan wrote:

> Just take any dye like red dye, dump a lot into the cranberry
> sauce, and when they snarf it down, they will dye their mouth
> incredibly red=) .... like red velvet cake red =)  Just have to
> do it in steps - peel the wrap carefully after the dinner thaws,
> dump and mix dye in thawed liquid cranberry portion, gently
> reseal it again with a touch of some innocuous glue [hot glue
> gun=)] then refreeze.

   Hadn't thought of that angle.  Yes, that just might work as well. (Did
think of the hot glue gun, though).  And I wouldn't have to refreeze.  It's
my habit to thaw the dinners at home in the fridge before I bring them in
so that they nuke faster at work (Shortage of nukers, and I try to be
considerate to my non-scum coworkers, believe it or not).  But now we have
to take about a dye that A) Isn't poisonous and B) Is obtainable by me
here, in the middle of Boonyville.  I have a feeling that red food coloring
might not be intense enough to have the desired effect in the short time
that the cranberries or whatever is in their mouths (these tv dinners
aren't exactly huge).

> If no cranberry substance, then slap a layer of black paste dye
> on the underside of the top piece of meat=) then refreeze and
> take merrily to work=)

    Again, interesting.  Do you know of any black paste dyes that might
meet the criteria above?

Thomas Houseman wrote:

> One of those motion sensitive 100DB alarms hidden inside the dinner box may
> work if you just want to find the %^#^@ard.  But if it's a communal
> fridge.... maybe not such a good idea...

    I'm not familiar with these devices.  Would one fit inside a tv dinner
box along with the dinner?  Could I set it after I took it to work in a
sealed box?  Are they affordable enough to make it work?  I'm prepared to
to spend a few dollars on this project, but not over, say, 20 or so.  Also,
it is a communal fridge.  I don't want it to go off if some poor schulb
moves my lunch bag around trying to find their own.

Thomas Houseman also wrote:

> Or a couple of syringe fulls of liquid laxative injected into the meal?
> Just monitor the bathrooms :P

    Again, one of my first thoughts, along with syrup of Ipecac (or however
it is spelled.. the stuff that make one barf).  The problem here is that it
might be tough to get either of these past the tongue.  If they notice
something weird, they might just toss it in the trash.  Plus, there is the
very small part of me that argues that actually dosing the food with
something that has this sort of effect might pose a danger if the thief had
some sort of medical condition.  Now, to be honest, the second time it
happened to me I first thought of dosing a meal with cyanide, but the
civilized part of my brain quickly stepped in and shook its finger at my
baser instincts.  I know there is a line here, and I don't want to cross
it.

Pamela Carlton wrote:

> you could also set up the box by making a colour dye trap that pulls open
> and sprays as the meal is removed from the box

   Why oh why didn't take shop class?  I don't have the skill to build
something like this, and neither does Lenny (though he might think he
does).  Oh, as I read your words I am wondering what sort of rig I could
twist a mousetrap into, but I know the chances of my actually being able to
pull something like this off are slim.  Satisfying to think on, of course,
but I really really want to have some practical real life results here.

Darkensolo wrote:

> Or, perhaps a nice coating of grease or dye on the bottom of the tray
> in thebox?  Not sure how that'd work in a freezer though.

   Well, the dinners aren't frozen by the time I take them to work, so no
problems there.  Grease is not noxious enough for my tastes, but the dye
might be.  This is sort of my secondary idea after I scrapped the idea of
the exploding dye pack thing.  Maybe I could make a paste out of plain
laundry dye and apply liberally to the outside of the dinner, then reseal
the box?  Worth considering.

Lance Berg wrote 

> My dog once had a problem with an employee stealing wine out of a wine
> in the box he kept around for cooking purposes.  He took a hypodermic
> needle and injected a strong solution of alum in water into the bag
> (there's a plastic bag actually holding the wine inside the box), then
> waited for the retching to begin.  Alum is technically edible, used for
> some cooking purposes, but in quantity it out bitters unsweetened chocolate.

   Didn't even consider alum.  This stuff can by bought at the local
megamart, right?  If it doesn't smell bad upon heating it might be worth a
spin.

> Dye plans are probably better but I don't know anything about that
> angle, one thought would be something thats not visible under normal
> light, only under UV.

    Um... why?  It's not like I can flood the plant with UV light.  Or does
normal factory lighting have lots of UV in it?  I dunno.  If I go the dye
rout, I want something that will be *extremely* visible to all, preferably
for days and days.

> Another would be to use a food coloring instead of the alum/habanero
> plan; in high concentrations that stuff will dye your tongue pretty
> well, and its going to be a lot harder to wash away; all those
> industrial solvents and cleaners aren't reccomended for oral use, I imagine.

  *snicker*  Well, when I started working they never said anything about
not using the stuff as a mouthwash, but I think I can safely say they
assumed this was a given.  Problem is that I don't really have a way to
test any of these plans out, unless I use either Lenny or my cats as test
subjects.  And Lenny is bigger than me, and I like the cats!  My concern is
that food coloring might not be strong enough to have the desired effect in
the quantities that I would be able to sneak into a tv dinner.

Wulfbones wrote:

> Hmmm. In this litigious society you may want to be careful about
> anything you directly add to the food. If it's to the package there
> would be much less of a problem. 

   A valid concern, and one that also gave me pause at the laxative/barf
making juice ideas.  I dunno what my legal status would be if it came to
light that a tv dinner I put in that fridge cause someone else, who took it
without my permission, to become violently ill.  I would think that at the
very least if some became litigious the very least that would happen to me
is that I would get fired, and other than thieving co workers I actually
like this job.  Of course, they would have to find out that it were me that
done the deed, and I don't plan on leaving any love notes with the booby
trap.

   Any armchair lawyers out there might want to discuss what sort of legal
ground I might be standing on here?

> Also check your employee handbook and
> company rules to be on the safe side before you start.

  Company rules regarding booby trapping tv dinners to burn a lunch
thief???  Ok, I've had lots of jobs, but I've never heard of any official
company having an offical position on this sort of thing.  Has anyone else?

 
And now my Favorite Response so far:

Tim Smith wrote:
> 
> How about opening a container of the kind of food that is being stolen,
> remove the food, and put in the following note, and reseal the container and
> leave it in the fridge:
> 
>     Dear Food Thief;
> 
>     As you can see, I know how to open and reseal these containers.
>     This isn't the first container I've opened and resealed.
> 
>     I bet you'll soon wish you knew what I put in the last thing you
>     stole from me, so you'll know what to tell your doctor when you
>     are begging for him to help you.
> 
>     Don't worry...it won't be fatal, just very painful for a while
>     if you don't take preventative measures *soon*.
> 
>     Enjoy.


   Evil idea.  I like the way you think.  Problem with this is that one has
to hope for alot from the thief.  They have to actual read the note,
comprehend it, and then believe it.  In practically, I think it is just as
likely that they would open the package, see a note under the plastic,
think "Huh?" then toss the whole thing in the trash unread while they head
off to the fridge to steal from someone else.  Too bad, if it actually
worked this might be the best revenge of all. 


-- 
Annie

AGE FAQ:
http://webpages.charter.net/lenny13/age.faq.htm
http://tinyurl.com/yvud6

Mirrored at:
http://www.derfy.net/agefaq.html

_______

If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


