From -3803452923516014788
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c656e0c650f611f5,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!bcklog1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 27 Jun 2006 06:23:06 -0500
Date: Tue, 27 Jun 2006 07:23:04 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: My first MM's (PoR Dain 1 & 3)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <eIedneUw8paHiDzZnZ2dnUVZ_sSdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 140
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.44.210
X-Trace: sv3-brnxtsWyHMEpRDUL5USQGIMtkw6IPoQrq3V+dUavUo2qyT3xzo9g3vepNcHsggj9h28BvT36wtyUaWJ!xxEAy/iCZVVA4hGXRgujvlfM4aD7Urk8g24ou9C7RyUm+W8BNAZ6oClvCBDwRF/eDU4e8t1LRUI+!Lzy+p3BEkME=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:2737

So I'm fooling around on my little 17 SK with LFG on, when I get a tell 
asking if I want to do Dain 3.  I'm forced to explain that I have no 
idea what that is, nor if I can do it.  Well, its a "Monster Mission" 
and it so happens it requires just the Prophesy of Ro expansion, which I 
got as a father's day present, so I'm good to go.

The guy inviting me is a 68 warrior, but I assume he knows that I'm just 
17 and that doesn't seem to bother him, so I'm game.

I'm instructed to meet him at the throne room in Icewell Keep.  OK, its 
been about 4 years since any of my characters has been there, but not 
having killed anything in Luclin I figure odds are I'm not KOS yet, so 
all I have to do is avoid falling into a pit and I'm good.  Its much 
easier with a map, as you'd expect, and the whole run takes me about 5 
minutes, from where I was in Crushbone.

I get an invite once I arrive in the throne room, and settle down to 
wait for other party members, who are much slower at such things.  One 
turns out to be KOS, not to the rank and file Coldain, but to the Dain 
and some of his people.  And he ends up falling into the pit.  The two 
mages we have are both well under 55, so no COTH, but since he's a 69 
monk, he doesn't have too much trouble getting back out, other than the 
fact that he gets lost down there.

Once we've finally assembled (and a motely crew we are, ranging from 17 
to mid 30s to upper 60s, no coherant set of classes) the party leader 
has a conversation with the Dain's historian, who gives the task.

As it turns out, the destination isn't the throne room, but a smaller 
room off to the east, and our monk isn't KOS there, so getting him an 
invis suffices to get him past the Dain.  There's about 30 people 
crowded into that little room; apparantly doing the Dain missions is a 
popular pastime.  Once he selects the mission, and runs thru a bunch of 
conversation, we each get a popup window which allows us to pick from a 
set of named characters.  It doesn't say their class, but gives a list 
of abilities and gear and stats, close enough.  Each has a 1 by the name 
initially, which goes to 0 as someone picks it; must be the number of 
that character available.

I pick one thats apparantly a cleric, and then, as instructed, target 
the historian and say Composed.  This zones me in to an instanced 
version of GD, into the body of that long dead coldain cleric.  I pull 
up the AA screen, which has a short list of regular AA and 125 points to 
spend amongst them, and a second page with preassigned AA abilities 
which serve as a version of the character's normal abilities or spell 
list.  I've got a root, a stun, a direct heal, two HOTs, and "Perfect 
Heal" which is like a prenerf CHeal.  I put the abilities up on a hotkey 
set, spend all my AA points, and save the setup, so I won't have to do 
that again when playing the same character.

Then its off to the GD spires, with one character, playing the Dain, 
staying behind with a coldain General, apparantly to direct the army.  I 
later find that he has a KEI type buff, and probably other abilities he 
can use on the freshly dead, but the first group I did this with, just 
ignored that part.

At any rate, eventually a substantial army of coldain march up, some 
giants come down the hill from the EW cleft, and battle is on.  I'm not 
clear whats going on the first time thru, and just try to figure out my 
cleric abilities and so on, but from subsequent runs, the idea is that 
you've got an army of coldain, and the giants are trying to whittle thru 
them; the giants get fresh reinforcements each time, while if you lose a 
coldain, he's gone for the run.  On the other hand, the characters you 
are playing ressurrect over at the waterfall and can run back, usually 
too late to affect a given wave.  The principle threat to the coldain 
each wave is the leader of the giants, a chieftain, warlord, finally a 
general; if the party can engage him, the army of coldain tends to 
survive pretty well, and they are doing massive amounts of damage; 
without them, the party is quickly toast.

After the first giants are dead, there's a long pause while the army 
negotiates with the next wave of giants, finally they fight again, and 
again the party tries to keep as many of them alive as possible.  Repeat 
for another couple waves, finally culminating in the General, who seems 
to operate on different aggro rules than the rest of the giants.  At any 
rate, kill him off, and the task is a success.  He drops a "shard of 
wisdom" for each party member, looting this gives your actual character 
the experience for the mission, fail to do so and you get none.  And he 
drops a portion of a seal, apparantly doing the set of Dain missions 
will give you a special item, but its also apparantly not impressive 
till you're over 61 (or one person insisted, not until 70)  And he drops 
one piece of loot that you can also squabble over, most often in his 
case, a mask thats useable by healers and casters, sometimes an augment 
with HP and some resists.  Both items have a reccomended of 70, but when 
you loot one, it goes on your toon at a reccomended of your level, so 
instead of getting better as you continue to level up, it stays lowbie, 
  I guess it would get worse if you deleveled a bunch... other than 
that, the reccomended tag is silly.

I also got half a level worth of experience for the mission.  People in 
their high 60s were reporting a couple blue.

There's a lockout timer, you can't run another mission after a success 
for about 15 minutes; this also applies, apparantly, to anyone in your 
group, if someone drops out and you take a new LFG, if they have a 
longer timer than the rest of you, thats the timer you use.  So "/ooc 
LFG no timer" makes you more desirable than someone  who has just left a 
success and has 15 minutes to go.

I used the down time to work Divination from (1) to (100) and so on; it 
turns out that your mana regen is suspended while you're in the mission, 
so if I ran down to OOM I came back OOM as well.  Still, it felt a lot 
more useful to do this here than the traditional "sit around in POK" 
plan; I was forced to wait and do nothing anyway, might as well get 
those neglected skills up!

We did Dain 1 as well, and group composition changed fairly frequently 
as people dropped out, there were always LFG around to replace them. 
Skill varied wildly though, that first group I was with was pretty 
solid, and my lack of experience didn't matter too much, by the end of 
the evening I was often the "old hand" helping the fresh meat thru the 
process.

We failed several missions for one reason or another; if you fail, 
there's no lockout, so its very easy to just go straight back in, if 
everyone takes the same character, its a matter of a minute or two to 
get everyone into position and you're off again.

So, did I like this?  Well, yes and no.  The characters were very 
simplified, and lacking in key elements; the cleric (I played cleric 
every time, just getting used to how things work, figured it was best to 
run a class I knew) had practically no combat utility, although in Dain 
1 things often didn't require healing and could sorely have used Lull 
and nukes (and of course being as most targets are stun immune, seeing 
the Stun button was just icing on the cake); the berserker lacks snare, 
so on and so forth.

But it was handy to be able to get a group regardless of level, and 
frankly to get one at all, at low levels in EQ these days, there's not a 
whole lot of grouping going on.  And its an opportunity to play a cut 
down version of those other classes, get a taste for how the other half 
lives.

On the gripping hand, I went from level 17 to 20 without using any of my 
combat skills, do much of this and I'll be a complete paper tiger, all 
level and nothing to back it up; this is worse than PLing!

Lance Berg
65 coldain cleric, aka 20 Gnome SK, Bertox



