From -276088455638163108
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8c1f86ef52eb44fe,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-12 07:05:36 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newspeer.monmouth.com!newshosting.com!news-xfer2.atl.newshosting.com!posted2.newshosting.com!not-for-mail
From: Pirg <someguy@acomputer.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Shaman Epic Quest Warning - Shaman Please Read
Date: Wed, 12 Nov 2003 08:56:00 -0600
Message-ID: <rcg4rvsf11erehk6judicltuo4i2niobif@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.91/32.564
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 82
Organization: Newshosting.com - Highest quality at a great price! www.newshosting.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68565dad.news.newshosting.com
X-Trace: DXC=4S3LAjYclZKi5X`dL`6OhBn1Aj\kXjU6H@Xc\NXU;>XOL?]h0R@?@[BCH==idB3XaH7cL:9<27jYE`n>fX=o]jTH
X-Complaints-To: abuse@newshosting.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6993

Well, it finally happened after waiting months to complete my shaman
epic . . . I failed.  

This past weekend, I finally had the opportunity to get the tear from
PoFear and was overjoyed along with another shaman in my guild..  We
gathered our troops and headed to CoM Sunday to do her turn in to Rak
and what do you know, he ate it.  She conned Rak again and said that
she was ally.  No one could figure it out.

Well, we guessed maybe there was a bug with that spawn so we headed
back Monday night to try mine.  We arrived in CoM, killed the reavers,
and up pops Rak.  I con him as Ally, turn in my tear . . . and Poof,
another tear gone.  Same story, he tells me he won't talk to me.

Obviously, I'm very upset, and petition a GM.  Amazingly enough,
within a few hours, a GM, not a guide, contacts me.  He asked me what
my faciton was.  I told him I was ally but don't see how that could be
a factor since I had done every step of the quest, with no skipping,
and, as I had read on so many guides, done a few of the steps more
than once to make 100% sure my faction was high enough.  

Then, I got the shock of a lifetime.  He told me that my faction was
too HIGH to do the turnin.  That's right, you heard me, too HIGH !!

He explained to me that, contrary to all the guides you read saying
that there is only a minimum faction level needed to do each step, but
also a maximum.  A range if you will.  This, he explained, is done to
stop people from skipping steps and doing others multiple times to get
their faction up and also to stop multiquesting.  Ok, I understand
somewhat, they want people to not skip steps, but as I explain to him
again, I skipped NO steps and had done every one dilligently.

He told me that it didn't matter and as I had not followed the quest
exactly that my only option was to have him reset my faction to base
and start all over from the very beginning.  He told me there was no
way he could adjust my faction other than to reset it to the
beginning.  I pleaded with him, explaining that it had taken me nearly
nine months from start to this point, and also that I didn't see, from
a lore point how a person could be stopped form doing a quest because
his faction was too high.

Imagine, not being able to do the ToV armor quests because you had
killed too many Kael giants.

Or perhaps you can't buy from the merchants in Freeport because you
killed too many orc pawns.

How does it make sense that an NPC won't tlak to you because he likes
you too much?!?

No luck, go figure.  He was apologetic, but adamant about the fact
that there was nothing he could do except reset my faciton to base.  

And now, here I sit.  Months of waiting for a Tear, camping the
spectral courier for days waiting for that stupid page to drop, a trip
to the Hole, which I can't stand . . . all wasted, gone, with nothing
to show for it.  

I understand that SOE wants to stop people from 'cheating' in quests
and multiquesting.  And honestly, I'm not one to complain.  Sure I've
had issues in the past of quests not working, etc.. but never of this
magnitude.  Bugs I understand, but this is not a bug.  It's a question
of logic.  My problem is that I neither MQ'd or skipped parts, and I'm
paying the price.  I did the legwork, I killed the mobs, I skipped
nothing, and I have no Epic Spear to show for it.  But if I want a set
of JBoots, all I need is 4k and a quick ooc in the auction channel.
Go figure.

I love the game, I love the people I play with, but this has cast a
dark shadow over everything.  When I'm told that an NPC likes me too
much to talk to me, something is seriously wrong with the logic there.
Or maybe it's just me.

Anyway, that's my rant, and a warning to all those shaman who, like
me, have done as the guides say and redone parts of the quest.  Don't
lose your Tear as I did.

Venerable Pirg Nbinj
65 Barbarian Prophet
Solusek Ro Server




