From -7803147714382449211
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1c38f5857b2aa7d8,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-05-10 23:43:36 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!nntp1.phx1.gblx.net!nntp.gblx.net!nntp.gblx.net!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!bin5.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "John Strong" <angrycornflake@NOSPAM.comcast.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: What a Day!!!
Lines: 86
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <b43D8.148694$N8.12438150@bin5.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com>
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 11 May 2002 01:43:19 CDT
Organization: Giganews.Com - Premium News Outsourcing
X-Trace: sv3-L0VyIgms7b1cx0UheNVmDPmGUZ8dXAsZL38TqFho4vZYNoS41oBpvTpl4olrngSNm6FhLCOltP2bsXY!1dEz43ics5FowAGFKO/fVRFveKHdqnkzDO7aa7EJl7yYn1LsqAuH7MwxRTcInBfKh1ZuTcl+qv37!BqDBv0w=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.com
X-Abuse-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
Date: Sat, 11 May 2002 06:43:19 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:194401

Okay, just have to tell you all about the day I had.  This is part story,
and a small part rant (I'll get to that later).

Okay, I'm on vacation to start with, hence the long play time today.  And
yes I am an addict.

I started a Iksar Monk a couple days back and last night he hit Level 11.
So I start up this morning at 9am and end up with a group going into Kurn's
Tower.  I start flying through levels and we are doing really well.  The
total team was 5 Iksar Monks and an Iksar Shaman.  Kept calling ourselves
the Lizard Kings cause we were killing everything in site.  I know we're
still fairly lowbies, but still, we felt good.  Anyway, we got all hyper and
started running up the stairs and eventually get to a point where our team
got split in half slightly and routed.  All but two of us died.  I was one
of the remaining alive with a friend and we are standing around all the
corpses.  Now the fun part begins.  Between the corpses and those that
needed to retrieve them were tons of Skelly's of various types that neither
the four naked char's downstairs could get through, nor could the two of us
get down to them, dragging their corpses.  So we start working our way down
slowly.  Finally I see an opening and make a bee-line carrying one corpse
with me.  Got that all the way down, so that character was in then.
Eventually had to make our way back up there (after going up and coming back
training the zone a couple times) and finally get all the corpses and
reform.  Whew, that was fun.

So anyway I'm 13 or 14 by this point and we go on fighting, with a few
mishaps, but nothing big.

/rant

So we are now downstairs with a new Shaman who shall remain nameless to
protect his kneecaps.  We are doing great and just powered through a ton of
the fat bastards (Burynai's) until all of a sudden we realize we have no
idea where we are.  So we start trying to figure it all out and we come to a
room that is kind of full of fat bastards and rather than being patient
(cause one of the people thought the exit was just on the other side of the
room) we decide to just run through the room hoping to not get aggro'd.
WRONG  We suddenly have like 4 fat bastards and 4 Greater Scalebones on us.
And of course we all died.  The shaman by this point was beginning to show a
rather bad God Complex thinking he was "saving" us (his word not mine).
Well we get a rather high level guy to help us out and he clears the way
down to our corpses (this was after a failed attempt in which the shaman
died again) and when we are all down there, suddenly I look up and see said
Shaman's life bar gone purple.  I was wondering what the hell happened to
the guy since I hadn't seen him wander off or fight anything.  Now he swears
(and still is probably bitching to someone about it) that we all just sat
there and watched him die.  I imagine that all of us were looking about for
our corpses and didn't notice a fight brewing.  I to this point do not have
any clue why he ran off from the high level dude helping us, but he insists
it is all his fault.  He's so set on the fact that rather than healing us in
the original fight he could have just gated out and he was mad that he
didn't.  Funny how someone could be upset about the fact that they DIDN'T
play the chicken and run.  Well he finally gets his corpse, somehow since we
ceased helping him after he starts throwing all kinds of insults at the
group and basically acting like a fool.  Generally I find it not a good idea
to insult those that are trying to help you, but guess he didn't realize
this maxim.  So that's it for him.  I then rejoin the group and we go
upstairs and fight for awhile, all the time I'm arguing with this guy trying
to tell him that we didn't intentionally let him die, that death is just a
part of EQ and yah it sucks, but you can't really blame anyone and even if
you could, it doesn't do any good.

Anyway, we fight and finally I get level 15 and therefore Double Attack.
Woo hoo, 4 levels in one day.  Oh did I mention that it is now 12am and I
have been playing for 15 hours with two 30 min meal breaks?  Yikes.

So I go back to group to check out my double attack (gotta wait for it to go
up in level before I see much of a difference I guess) and get a little
padding xp.  Most of everyone is leaving except one guy (ironically the same
guy that was left with me when we were stuck between corpses and our
friends, that I talked about at the beginning, NOT THE SHAMAN).  This high
level druid comes along and casts Skin Like Nature, Chloroplast and Shield
of Thorns on us and we go off to fight for awhile like madmen.  She stuck
around us a bit and recast SoT again and we basically got semi power leveled
up two yellow's in about 15 mins maybe.  Well the buffs start wearing off
and we start making our way back up.  Those bottom floors are a bit
confusing and we got semi lost again.  Finally found the exit and ran for
zone, training the whole damn basement I think.  Shouted out Train to zone
and all that, and then zoned myself and logged out.  I hope everyone was
okay inside.  LOL

Anyway, that was my day, nothing extraordinary, but I really enjoyed it, and
just wanted to share a bit.  Going to sleep to get rest for playing more EQ
tomorrow.  WOO HOO




