From -1299244206071528574
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b40b72a1b14a37ce
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!news-spur1.glorb.com!news.glorb.com!tdsnet-transit!newspeer.tds.net!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <teapray@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: City of Heroes...
Date: Fri, 14 May 2004 17:16:39 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <40A54547.594702EC@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <366dnXX3QIoUzTzdRVn-hA@comcast.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 68
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:2296

Zanukan Guskbane wrote:
> 
> For those of you that have played City of Heroes.....a few questions...
> 
> Is it fun?
> Worth checking out?
> How complex is the game compared to EQ?
> Doubtful, but will it steal me away from EQ?

   So many replies.  But what the heck, here are my 2 cents worth as well.

  Yes, it is fun and worth checking out.  It doesn't not seem to be as
complex to me as EQ, but then, I am still at a very low level.  And I also
have my doubts of it being able to steal people away from EQ unless they
are already burnt out on it and getting ready to move on, and event then I
have my doubts about the long term draw of this game.

   What I like in particular is that there is no need for camping and no
twinking possible. It is very possible to log in for twenty minutes, kill a
few things, then log off.  I guess one can do that in EQ also, but I think
in EQ it really does take longer to get to a point where one is actually
useful in a group, and if you only have a short time then it is not worth
logging in.  

  Paragon City is an odd place.  The city is beautiful, with broad avenues
and a tidy, well kept look to it (at least in the newb areas I have been
to).  The citizens are very odd.  They will walk down the street, come
right up to where you are fighting a mugger, pause for a second, then throw
their arms up in the air like the are a human football goal post, turn a
180, and jog away in horror.  Often times you can see a lone citizen
sprinting away from something like this, with all the other citizens calmly
walking past him, talking on their cell phones and waving at each other. 
There are plenty of cops, but they don't seem to really do much other than
wear the blue.  I have see some of them running in terror as well, and last
night Lenny saved one from having her purse snatched.  The criminal in
Paragon city are very bold.

   And well they might be.  There are tons of them.  They don't quite
outnumber the citizens, but they come close I think.  When you show up to
foil them, they might exclaim things like "Look out, the Tights are here!" 
Once I even got the personal touch of one crying out "Tealeaf!  Die!"

   It's all pretty funny.  And the fights are pretty action packed and fast
moving.  So far, so good from my point of view.  

-- 
Annie

To join the alt.games.everquest chat channel type /join serverwide.age:age 
If you want to stayed joined, then after that type /autojoin
serverwide.age:age

AGE FAQ:
http://webpages.charter.net/lenny13/age.faq.htm
http://tinyurl.com/yvud6

Mirrored at:
http://www.derfy.net/agefaq.html


Currently playing:

Teapray-- 54 High Elf Cleric on Firiona Vie

Lentea-- 43 Ogre Beastlord On Firiona Vie

--
If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


