From 6590377236112747456
X-Google-Thread: fcdb9457b1,df6d96544511040b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfcdb9457b1,public,usenet
X-Google-NewGroupId: yes
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news2.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nlpi057.nbdc.sbc.com!prodigy.net!flph199.ffdc.sbc.com!prodigy.com!flpi107.ffdc.sbc.com!flpi143.ffdc.sbc.com.POSTED!0b7332a6!not-for-mail
Sender: drwoods@pacbell.net@ca.icynic.com
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: FAQ 2009-06-01 [part 4 of 5]
From: Don Woods <age-faq@icynic.com>
Message-ID: <7wr5y4v0vf.fsf@ca.icynic.com>
Lines: 606
X-Newsreader: Gnus v5.5/Emacs 20.3
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.169.53.198
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: flpi143.ffdc.sbc.com 1243843051 ST000 64.169.53.198 (Mon, 01 Jun 2009 03:57:31 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 01 Jun 2009 03:57:31 EDT
Organization: at&t http://my.att.net/
X-UserInfo1: OHXWSU[DZBWUCFH[OZK@_TDAYZOZ@GXOXR]ZMVMHQAVTUZ]CLNTCPFK[WDXDHV[K^FCGJCJLPF_D_NCC@FUG^Q\DINVAXSLIFXYJSSCCALP@PB@\OS@BITWAH\CQZKJMMD^SJA^NXA\GVLSRBD^M_NW_F[YLVTWIGAXAQBOATKBBQRXECDFDMQ\DZFUE@\JM
Date: 01 Jun 2009 01:01:24 -0700
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:430

(Available on the web as http://www.icynic.com/~don/EQ/age.faq.htm)

8.   Miscellaneous Tips

8.1  Performance / Raid settings

Here are some tips for helping your computer keep up during a raid or in
other situations where there's lots of stuff going on on the screen.  See
also section 4.1.

* "/showgrass off" reduces lag in newer zones with moving tree branches.
* "/showspelleffects off" removes most of the pretty spell effects.  To
  remove the rest, go to the Display Options and turn off particle effects.
* "/shownames off" turns all names off so you don't get lag from all the
  names.  "/shownames 1" shows just everyone's first name.
* "/hidecorpses all", "/hidecorpses npc" or "/hidecorpses allbutgroup" gets
  rid of dead bodies that you don't need to loot and that may interfere with
  targeting.  "/hidecorpses looted" hides NPC bodies that you subsequently
  loot yourself, even if you leave stuff on them.
* Ctrl - (minus) lowers the clip plane (so you don't see as far) without
  having to open the Options window.  Ctrl + (plus) moves it back out.
* Under Options>Display>Advanced, turn off Advanced Lighting.  That
  saves your computer from having to show the effects of light sources in
  your vicinity.  But don't do this if your character can't see in
  the dark and is depending on a light source to see stuff!
* Open your NPC Journal (via the EQ button, under Quests) and click off the
  "Enable Journal" button.  Otherwise, every time you aggro a mob there's
  a slight hitch while the mob's aggro message gets logged to the journal.
  It's noticeable even with single pulls, but if you aggro a crowd the extra
  lag can be enough to get you killed.

8.2  Spellcasting

If you're casting a spell and need to interrupt it (for instance, to cast
a different spell), you can duck (type the "d" key) rather than trying to
run or jump.  Ducking interrupts casting immediately instead of waiting
until the casting time finishes.  Another way is to type shift-S, which
does a /stopcast command.

Neither ducking nor /stopcast works if you're riding a mount.  If you use a
mount, you might want to make a "social" (see Q3.10) that does a /dismount
command followed by /stopcast.  Alas, if you try to make that social into a
hotkey it won't help, because you cannot invoke any hotkey while casting.
However, you CAN click on the social button directly in the Socials window
(ctrl-O); it's not a perfect solution, but it's the best anyone's suggested
so far for a fast way to interrupt casting while mounted.

"/target xxx" targets the closest thing (within 50 feet) whose name starts
with "xxx".  This works on both players and mobs.  So suppose there are two
players named Fred and Fredrick on the raid, neither of them in your group,
and Fredrick needs healing.  Type "/tar Fredr" and if Fredrick is within 50
feet of you (forwards or backwards, doesn't matter) she will get selected
to be your current target.  If you type "/tar Fred" you'll target whichever
of Fred or Fredrick is closest, if within 50 of you.

"/tgb on" lets you cast group spells on another group without having to be
invited.

"/rt" targets the last person that sent you a /tell, provided they are
within range (very handy when someone asks you to cast a spell on them).
By default, typing control-T also sets up a /rt command.

Pressing a number key while holding Alt (Alt-1, Alt-2, etc.) casts the
spell in the corresponding numbered gem.

The left/right arrow keys flip through the pages of your spellbook if you
have it open.

"/book #" opens your spellbook to the given page #.

Right-click on a empty spell gem will bring up your spell list menu.

Right-click on the "open spell book" image at the bottom of the gems window
lets you manage "saved spell sets".  "/memspellset blah" changes your gems
to contain the spell set named "blah".  You can have up to ten saved spell
sets (so you might even devote one set of ten hotkeys to them, if you have
many saved sets).  If you save a spell set that includes some empty gems,
those gems won't change when you /memspellset that set.

As of late 2008, your spell gems stay set up when you come back from dying.
You are still stripped of all spell effects, though, so you'll need to get
new buffs before dashing back into battle.  Spell sets can provide a
quick way to do this.

If you need to cast after running, tap a short turn before casting to
avoid having an interrupted spell.  (This forces the server to update
your location so it doesn't think you're still running.)

If you are any type of caster, go somewhere peaceful every few levels and
practice your spells until you max out your casting skills for that level.
That will reduce the chance of "fizzling" as you try to cast tougher spells.
Get a mana regen buff if you can, load up your cheapest, fastest casting
spells for the skills you wish to raise, and cast them on yourself.  Note
that de-buffs and damage spells cannot be cast in non-combat zones such as
PoK or the Guild Lobby, not even on yourself (nor on your pet).

Cure disease will cure Slow.  Cure poison will cure Tash.

If the cleric has Divine Aura on, or the bard is playing their Divine Aura
song, they will not teleport with you nor will they succor.

8.3  Corpses and other Targets

Make an /assist key (a hotkeyed social that does "/assist").  This is very
important in groups.  The /assist key will place your target's target in
your target window.  For example, you target me, Teapray.  I have a nearby
wolf targeted.  You hit your /assist key.  Now you have that very same wolf
targeted.  This is useful in many contexts, such as when there is more than
one mob attacking the party, and it's important to get all or most of the
party on a single target to make it die faster; you all target the "Main
Assist" (the person whose job it is to pick the target) and then use /assist
to target the selected mob.  The /assist key can also be used to /consider
mobs if you can't get close enough to target them; I target the mob, you
target me and assist, then /con to check the level and attitude of the mob).
You can even /assist a mob to see which party member it's beating on (e.g.,
so you can heal that person).

If you know who the "Main Assist" is, you can make a hotkey that immediately
targets that person's target, instead of needing to target the "MA" first.
Just use "/assist Teapray" to select Teapray's target, for example.

If autoattack turns on when you type /assist, and you'd rather it didn't,
either type "/assist off" or go into your EQClient.ini file and change
AttackOnAssist=TRUE to read FALSE.  (Note that, by either method, the same
choice will affect all of your characters.)

Pressing F1-F6 targets the respective person in your group, F1 always being
yourself and the others in the order listed in the party window.  Pressing
the same key again targets the individual's pet, if they have one.

F7 targets the closest player in view.  F8 targets the closest NPC in view.
(The game's idea of what is "in view" may not match yours, so always check
the name in your target window or look for the target ring or flashing name
to make sure you've got the target you wanted.)  If you look in the Keys tab
in the Options window, you can set up keys that will cycle through all the
PCs or NPCs in your view.

If you target a corpse (yours or a mob's) you can type /loot to loot it.
This is especially useful in conjunction with /target, especially if a mob
leaves its corpse inside a wall (or atop a player corpse) where it's hard
to click on it.  E.g., since many mobs have names starting with "a" or "an",
you can make hotkeys that do "/target a_" or "/target an_" plus "/loot".
(Note the underline, which is treated as a space by the /target command.
This keeps you from trying to target players or NPCs whose names start with
"A".)  For pet classes, your pet will always have its last target's corpse
targeted if you haven't cleared its target or given it a new attack order.
So if a mob dies inside a wall, assist your pet, go next to the wall, and
type /loot.  Mercenaries also work like pets for this purpose.

If you /con a corpse you can find out how much time is left before it rots.
Usually this is used to check how urgent it is to get someone to loot the
corpse, but it can also be used on a fresh corpse to see if it has any loot
at all.  If a corpse has no loot or coins it will vanish in 30 seconds;
otherwise it stays for 8 minutes (or sometimes 30 minutes).

Combining the above, here's a handy trick if you're the "Main Looter" in an
area where many corpses have no loot, if you or anyone in your group has a
pet.  When a mob dies, hit the appropriate F# key twice to target the pet,
then press your /assist hotkey to target the corpse, then "c" to see if the
corpse is decaying in under 30 seconds.  If it is, you know it has no loot,
so you can ignore it and go back to medding until the next pull.

Another handy trick that makes it easy to target a fresh corpse is, sometime
during the fight when you have the mob targetted, type TAB to target yourself,
then TAB again to switch back to the mob.  After the mob dies, you can type
TAB to target yourself, then TAB again will target the corpse.

When you are looting, right-click on an item to /autoinventory it.

To find a corpse that is missing, make a hotkey with "/target playername" and
run around hitting the hotkey.  (If it's your own corpse, make it /target
playername' (including the apostrophe, short for "playername's_corpse"), or
you'll just target yourself!)  When you are in range of the corpse, you
will see the name appear in your target window.  Then type /corpse to
summon it.

If you're in a group when you die, and you're soulbound in another zone, the
rest of the group can find your corpse using the "X" on the map if they have
the "Group" button turned on (see general tip, below), as long as they
don't zone out and you don't zone back in until they've found it.

A feature added in 2004 is the ability to drag up to two corpses without
having to repeatedly type /corpse to keep summoning them.  To begin dragging
a corpse, target the corpse and type /corpsedrag.  To stop dragging, target
the corpse again and type /corpsedrop.  (Or hit Esc to clear your target,
then either /corpsedrag or /corpsedrop drops all corpses.)  You do not have
to keep hitting /corpse or any other hotkey, the corpse(s) automatically
follow at your feet, stopping wherever you stop.

It used to be that your items remained on your corpse when you died, and you
had to find (or summon) the body to get your gear back.  And if you looted
all the items, the corpse would vanish and you could no longer resurrect it
to get back the experience lost when you died.  That is no longer the case;
the corpse sticks around until rezzed, and you keep all your gear so the only
thing the corpse is needed for is the resurrection for experience.

You only get one resurrection per corpse; you can't get a 96% rez and then
ater use the veteran reward 100% rez on the same corpse to get back the
last 4%.

The /hidecorpses command lets you avoid seeing bodies that you can't or don't
want to loot.  You can still target them with /target if you need to, or
you can make them visible again with "/hidecorpses none".

The /consent command lets you give permission to another character to drag
(but not to loot) your corpse.  You can even give consent to a character who
isn't logged in at the time, even to another of your own characters!  Also,
instead of naming a character, you can use the commands "/consent raid",
"/consent group", or "/consent guild", even before you die, to let anyone in
your raid/group/guild drag your body should tragedy strike.  Use "/deny
raid", etc., to remove the consent.  There are also buttons in the Options
window that, if set in advance, will activate /consent raid/group/guild
automatically for any new corpses you drop.

Since items no longer remain on players' corpses, you can no longer use the
trick of leaving "Temporary" items (formerly called "No rent") on a corpse
to keep the items from vanishing after you log out.

8.4  Socials and Speaking

"/ttell", or "/tt", sends a tell to your current target.  It can send a tell
to the owner of a corpse.  It works for the living, too.  Ever had trouble
typing someone's name in order to talk to them?  Target them and use /tt.

/rsay or /rs talks to the raid channel.  /g talks to your group.
/gu talks to your guild.

Pressing a digit (1, 2, ..., 0) on the main keyboard initiates the
corresponding hotkey.  See section 3.11 for more about hotkeys.

You can invoke skills and combat abilities in socials (hotkeys) using
"/doability #", or "/do #" for short.  Abilities 1-6 are general abilities
(the second tab in the Actions window, displayed by ctrl-A) and 7-10 are
combat abilities (the third Actions tab, displayed by ctrl-C).

If some lines of your hotkeyed social aren't taking effect, try adding
a small pause to each line using the "/pause #" command.  (The # is in
tenths of a second.)  Note that, even though the /pause is added at the
front, the pause takes place AFTER the other command on that line.  (Go
figure.)  For instance, to get multiple lines of /auction to appear:

/pause 3, /auction Look what I've got for sale today:
/pause 3, /auction This
/pause 3, /auction That
/pause 3, /auction and the other Thing!

When writing hotkeys, you can use some special notations to fill in parts
of the command based on your current target.  You can use either upper- or
lower-case letters.
* %t becomes the name of your current target
* %r becomes the race if your target is a player character (or "NPC" if not)
* %s becomes the subjective pronoun (he, she, or it)
* %o becomes the objective pronoun (him, her, or it)
* %p becomes the possessive pronoun (his, her, or its)
* %m becomes your pet's name
Thus the puller might press a social that says
/g Incoming, %t!  Kill %o and take %p stuff!
and call out, "Incoming, a giant rat!  Kill it and take its stuff!"

' (apostrophe) is a shortcut for /say
: (colon) is a shortcut for /emote

You can shorten any command to just the letters required to make it unique.
Some common commands also have explicit shortcuts.  Examples of shortest
unique commands are /shown (/shownames), /tt (/ttell), and /tar (/target).
Examples of explicit shortcuts are /t (/tell) and /g (/gsay).

After you hit the "r" to reply to the last person who sent you a tell, you
can then hit the "tab" key to cycle through all the people that have sent
you tells (up to 10, I think).  Useful if you are talking to several people
at once.  If you overshoot, shift-tab goes through the list backwards.
The "tab" key also works to cycle through the choices if you use control-T
to do a /rtarget (targetting people who've sent you tells).  Also, if
you camp one character and log in another, the "r" key will still reply to
whoever last sent a tell to the previous character (until someone sends
you a new tell).

If someone's bothering you with tells, shouts, etc., use "/ignore Soandso".
You will see nothing from that person from then on.  This can be very useful
when people get abusive and you just don't want to deal with it.

If you need to submit a /petition and the text in one of your chat windows
is relevant (e.g., you fell for 20000 damage due to a bug in the game, or
you want to complain about someone harassing you), you will need to use the
/report command to send an official record of the chat window text.  Scroll
back if necessary to make the relevant text visible in the window, then type
"/report yourcharactername".  If you have multiple chat windows, click
first in the one with the important text, so that the /report command will
capture the text from that window.

8.5  General

Hold shift down and hit pageup or pagedown and you will scroll your current
chat window (whichever you last clicked in) up or down 1 page at a time.

Hold shift and the up/down arrows will cycle through the commands you have
typed.  You can press Enter to do the currently shown command again, or you
can modify it first.  This comes in handy when someone has missed your tell
or reply, or when you're doing a quest multiple times and need to repeat
something to an NPC.

If you're typing a long message or other command and change your mind about
sending it, shift+delete will erase the entire line.  This also works with
other kinds of type-in, such as the /bazaar search window.  Shift+home
moves the cursor to the start of the line; shift+end moves it to the end,
and shift+leftarrow/rightarrow move the cursor within the line.

Ducking significantly reduces falling damage when running on hilly terrain.
(Actually, anything that makes you move more slowly will reduce damage,
because you won't move as far between falls and thus the ground won't have
dropped as far.  Just don't think that because you've ducked it's safe to
jump off a cliff!)

Though everyone now starts out with maxed skill in Sense Heading (this was
not always the case), it may still be useful to know that:
* Dropped swords/daggers point north.
* Clouds always move east to west.
* Moss only grows on the north side of trees.

To stop moving quickly while on a mount, just click off the mount icon.

Sitting (except on a mount) causes Agro with mobs.  This can work to your
advantage if the mob doesn't summon.  If you need to keep a mob off the tank
for a moment, sit; as it comes towards you, stand back up.  This is known as
ping-ponging the mob.  The mob will go back and forth between you and the
tank.

The minus key on the numberpad is the default key for taking a Screen shot.
Screen shots are stored in the screenshots folder in your EverQuest folder.

Control-click picks up a single item from a stack (or a single coin from
your inventory or bank).  Shift-click picks up an entire stack of items or
coins.  This also works when you are purchasing/selling items.  To buy only
one of a stackable item, hold the CTRL key and click BUY.  To buy a stack,
hold the SHIFT key and click BUY.  Do the same thing with the SELL button
for selling single units or whole stacks.  This also works when clicking on
the Donate button at the Tribute Master.

/autoinventory will take whatever is on your cursor and put it in your
inventory.  This used to be very useful for tradeskills, but the new UI for
tradeskill containers has its own Autoinventory button.  The command is
still useful in hotkeys, e.g. to stash whatever your fishing or foraging
hotkey has turned up.  Even for tradeskills, a hotkey (invoked via the
keyboard, not the mouse!) may be faster than moving the mouse back and forth,
especially if the recipe yields more than one thing on your cursor (the hotkey
can do /autoinventory several times).

The "u" key performs the command "use center screen".  (You can change which
key does this in your Options window, under Keys -> Commands.)  If you
play with your camera view pulled back this will mostly just select yourself,
but if you play in a first-person view it will do many useful things depending
on what's in the center of your screen, including:
* opening a door
* opening a merchant or banker window
* looting a corpse
* activating a PoK book or similar portal
* giving the item on your cursor to an NPC or PC
The last feature in particular can save you from accidentally dropping the
item on the ground.  And if you're giving many stacks of something to an NPC
one item at a time (such as for a "faction" quest) you may find it faster to
control-click on a stack, u, control-click, u, etc., instead of moving your
mouse back and forth between your inventory and the NPC or the Give window.
Better yet, set up control-U as an alternative key for "use center screen";
then you can hold down the Control key while doing click, u, click, u, etc.

Other single-key commands include "c" to /consider a mob, "r" to /reply to a
tell, and "h" to hail the selected NPC or PC.

In mid-2006 a "Group" button was added to the map window.  Turn it on!  Now!
It puts X's on the map showing the rest of your group in the current zone.
You'll be amazed at how useful that is.  (And if you move the mouse over an
X, it'll show you that person's name.)  When you're running across a zone
with others autofollowing, the X's show you if they're falling behind.  If
you get separated you can see where the rest of the group went, and they can
see your location and perhaps give you directions.  Among the unexpected
uses: locating corpses, because the X continues to mark the corpse on the map
for the surviving party members until they zone out or the dead character
zones back in.  (You have to have been in the zone and in the group at the
time of death, though.)

The X's are currently green, but if you turned them on when the feature was
first added they might be black.  In either case, if you'd rather they be
some other color, edit the UI_character_server.ini file in your EQ folder,
and modify the values for GroupColor.red, .blue, and .green in the section
for [MapViewWnd].  (Do this when EQ is not running.)

To put a comment in your profile that others see when they inspect you, go
to a non first person view (using F9), target and inspect yourself, and type
in the box.

/guildstatus when targeting a person will tell you what guild that person
is in, even if they are "anonymous".  It will also tell you if they are an
officer or the guild leader.

If you need help raising your offense and melee weapon skills, go duel a pet
class friend who has gotten the "pet hold" AA.  Don't use an arena, where
others might interfere.  Just go to any zone other than PoK and duel.  This
works for defense as well, as long as the person controlling the pet backs
the pet off instead of killing you!

If someone in your group has a green bar under their red HP bar (in the group
window) it means they have a pet (and shows the pet's HP).  This is one way
you can check whether an enchanter or bard in your group has charmed a mob,
especially if you're wondering why you're not allowed to attack that mob.  If
you want to verify which mob is the pet, type the F2-F6 key that targets the
group member, then type it again to target their pet.

For tanks, if you expect a mob to start running in its last 20% of health,
turn it around so you face the way you want it to run to.  Half-dead mobs
tend to turn 180 degrees and run away from you.  (This isn't always true,
though, so don't rely on it.)  Even before the mob runs, you should turn it
(by moving around so it turns to face you) so its back is to the group,
especially when you have pets in the group.  This is because the mob can't
parry, block, or riposte attacks that come from behind it.  Make sure you
tell your group you will do this before pulling, though.

When firing arrows, make sure there are no other NPCs between you and
whomever you're shooting.  You will hit them and end up fighting more than
you planned, possibly even an otherwise friendly guard.

Invulnerability spells such as Divine Aura and Divine Barrier cause you to
lose aggro almost instantly if the mob has another on its hate list.  DA and
DB also protect you from environmental damage.  This is great for reaching
places that would kill you to walk to.  DA and drop into the chasm near
Howling Stones; DA and jump off the Highpass ramp in East Karana; jump into
the Hole from Paineel and DA the instant you zone, to resurrect a raid into
the bottom of The Hole.

For another way into The Hole, go down to the bottom where the pond is in
Paineel.  When you are in the water, in the upper right portion of the rocks,
there is a hole you can squeeze through.  Wolf form helps in doing this (as
does Enduring Breath, of course).  Keep trying and eventually you'll make it
through.  (You can also buy a key in Paineel, or a lock-picking class can
make the rock swing out of the way.)

8.6  Lost Dungeons of Norrath

8.6.1  How do I earn/spend points in the LDoN camps?

A:  You have ONE pool of Adventure Points that can be spent at ANY adventure
merchant.  There is no such thing as MM points, or EC points, etc.; all
points earned at any dungeon contribute to a common pool of points.  If you
hit alt-V and click on the "View Stats" button you'll see one entry called
"Adventure Points Available", which shows you your unspent total.

When you want to buy something from one particular camp, you are limited in
what you can SEE (and therefore what you can purchase) by how many Adventure
Points you have EVER EARNED at that particular dungeon.  The more points
earned at a particular dungeon, the higher up in the list you can see (and
therefore buy) at that camp.  However, the points you spend to BUY something
come from that common pool and thus could have been earned at any camp.

For example, suppose you've earned 350ap at MM, 300ap at Tak, 300ap at Ruj,
100ap at Guk, and 500ap at EF, and let's say you haven't spent any of those
points ever.  So you have a combined total now of 1550ap.  This is the
number that shows up as "Adventure Points Available" when you do Alt-V and
"View Stats".  You read somewhere that "Incorporeal Chain of the Spectre"
sells for 1492ap at EF.  Woohoo!  You've got 1550ap, so you run over to EF
eager to buy it.  Unfortunately, because you've earned only 500 of those at
EF, when you go to the EF merchant you're not even shown the chain; you're
limited to seeing only those items that are 500ap, or just slightly above
that.  (So you can see items selling for around 650 or 710, for example, so
you'll know what will become available if you earn a few more points there.)
You'll notice that anything above 500ap is greyed out, and items 500ap and
below appear white and selectable.  The UI is telling you you have enough AP
earned at that location to buy a 500ap item, but nothing higher.

Despite what many people may erroneously tell you, there is NO WAY for you
to consolidate your points and spend them all at EF to get that chain.  You
will never be able to see, let alone buy, items substantially above what
you've earned at a particular dungeon.  In order to do that you just have
to buckle down and go out and earn the points at that dungeon.  However, what
you CAN do is use points earned at another dungeon to PAY FOR things that you
are allowed to buy.

Let's say you go out and earn another 1000ap at EF.  Now you have a combined
total of 2550ap, 1500 of them earned at EF.  When you go visit the adventure
merchant at EF you find that you can see everything on his list (because the
prices all top out at 1492).  You can now buy that chain.  Select it, hit
Purchase, confirm, and you now own the Chain and still have 1058ap in your
pool.  Notice that you can STILL see everything on the list at EF, including
the other 1492ap items, even though you only have 1058 to spend and only 8
of those were earned at EF.  Once you've exposed items for sale at any
merchant and can see them, you will ALWAYS be able to see them, and you can
pay for them using points earned at ANY camp.  You can go out and earn 80
million ap in Guk and spend it all on items offered at EF.  Once you've
reached the top of the list and can see everything for sale at a particular
merchant, you are said to have "unlocked" that dungeon.

To summarize:  To buy something of cost X at a particular camp, you must
satisfy two conditions.  First, you must have a total of X or more unspent
Adventure Points across all camps combined.  Second, you must have earned at
least X points at the particular camp.  It doesn't matter if you previously
spent X or even more than X points at that camp.  If you earn 1000ap at MM
and 100ap at EF, you can't buy any single item for more than 100ap at EF,
but you can still spend all 1100 points at EF as long as no single item
costs more than 100ap.

On Firiona Vie, where almost nothing is No Trade, there's a trick you can use
to get stuff from a camp you haven't unlocked yet.  Go to any merchant and
spend your Adventure Points buying a bunch of 100ap NON-LORE augmentations.
Give them to a friend who has unlocked the camp you're interested in.  Your
friend can then go to the Gnome at the SRo wayfarer's camp and just give
each aug to the gnome.  The gnome will say something like "Ok, you didn't
like that, go buy something else" and will "refund" 100ap to your friend for
each aug turned in like this.  When your friend is done turning in the
augs, he can go to the merchant you were interested in, buy the item, and
give it to you.  This works on FV, but not on normal rules servers.

8.6.2  What is the Adventurers Stone for and how do I get it to improve?

A:  You must get your Adventurers Stone (by following the instructions
that you get when you hit level 15) before you can go on any LDoN missions,
but you don't need to carry the Stone with you.  The Adventurer's Stone is
also an augmentation for the Charm slot, which means you can attach it to an
item worn in that slot.  If you don't own a charm, purchase a cheap one
from one of the wayfarer's camps.  (If you're starting a new character, go
through the Tutorial far enough to get and fully activate the Kobold Skull
Charm; as of Fall 2005 it now has an augmentation slot as well.)  Use the
"birdbath" to combine the charm and the stone.  The stats you earn upgrading
your Adventurer's Stone work everywhere, even if you put it on a charm that
only works in LDoN dungeons.

If you combine your Stone onto a charm and later get a better charm, you can
destroy your old Stone and get a new one by talking to the NPC in the LDoN
camp just like when you got the first.  The new Stone will reflect the stats
you'd accumulated onto the old one.  [You might have to talk to those NPCs
as well?  I'm not sure; does anyone know?]

To update the stats on the Stone, hail the appropriate NPC after completing
some number of successful missions in each camp.  The NPCs, and the number
of wins needed before you can further improve your stone, are claimed to be as
follows, though other claims state that you get "a new piece of information"
every 2 wins and the stone improves after every 5 pieces of information
(hence, every 10 wins).  In any event, these appear to be the NPCs involved:

Takish-Hiz:
* 2 wins: Ruanya Windleaf - North Ro Adventure Camp
* 15: Farwein Windrun - South Ro at -2800,+500
* 30: Ruanya Windleaf - North Ro Adventure Camp
* 50: Nifel Faliwae - Greater Faydark at -1960,+2400
* 78: Ruanya Windleaf - North Ro Adventure Camp

Deepest Guk:
* 2 wins: Selphra Giztral - South Ro Adventure Camp
* 15: Bealya Tanilsua - West Commonlands at -455,+2600
* 30: Selphra Giztral - South Ro Adventure Camp
* 50: Deblik Grumblok - Innothule Swamp at -1700,+1150
* 72: Selphra Giztral - South Ro Adventure Camp

Mistmoore Catacombs:
* 2 wins: Vual Stoutest - Butcherblock Adventure Camp
* 15: Henai Silentwalker - Dagnors Cauldron at -1660,-1230
* 30: Vual Stoutest - Butcherblock Adventure Camp
* 50: Elwinn Prelilaen - Lesser Faydark at +700,-580
* 76: Vual Stoutest - Butcherblock Adventure Camp

The Rujarkian Hills:
* 2 wins: Barste Songweaver - East Commonlands Adventure Camp
* 15: Ginehl Wiquar - West Freeport at -19,-861,-187 (entry level of
      building that has the Arcstone portal)
* 30: Barste Songweaver - East Commonlands Adventure Camp
* 50: Shumpi Wimahnn - East Karana at +185,-20 (near succor point)
* 76: Barste Songweaver - East Commonlands Adventure Camp

Miragul's Menagerie:
* 2 wins: Teria Grinntti - Everfrost Adventure Camp
* 15: Ubzial Iyeaql - Qeynos Hills at +3300,-500
* 30: Teria Grinntti - Everfrost Adventure Camp
* 50: ?? information needed here
* 68: Teria Grinntti - Everfrost Adventure Camp

When you've reached the maximum level shown in each camp, the stone will
grant +10 AC, +10 to all stats and resists, and +100 hp and +100 mana.

8.6.3  What are some general LDoN tips?

Be careful nobody stumbles into the dungeon zone-in before the group is
ready to start (finished buffing, medding back to full mana, etc.).  It's
not always obvious where the zone-in is, especially if it's someone's first
time at a particular dungeon entrance.  Once anybody enters the dungeon,
the timer starts counting down on the mission.

If someone has the Eye of Zomm spell, have them use it to scout ahead so
the mobs can be lulled before the pull.  If no one in the party has Zomm
then the puller can go to 3rd person view and slowly back up to the doorway.
Then they can see around the corners for adds to be lulled.

Make a hotkey for looting.  See question 8.3 for how to do this.  The looter
should also be careful to have confirmations turned on for No Trade items
(/lootnodrop always, which means always ask, not always loot!).  Though this
means needing to confirm looting each goal item in a "collect" mission, it
may save you from accidentally looting an Augmentation item that should have
been awarded to someone else.  (Why the goal items themselves are No Trade is
a mystery.)  Oh, and note that the command for setting confirmations is
still /lootnodrop even though the term No Drop changed to No Trade.

The chests you find in a dungeon may have good treasure or fire off a useful
magical effect, but they can also set off area effect poisons that affect
nearly the entire dungeon.  Many groups don't feel it's worth the risk to
try for the rare reward; some people would rather not try even if someone
in the group has the appropriate skill or spell to disarm the trap.  You
should at least discuss the matter before trying to disarm or open a chest.


[End of part 4 of 5]


