From 4365431739694825367
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,60971127ddc6a6a5
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-14 12:45:50 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: LDoN Dungeon Creation Miscellany
Date: Fri, 14 Nov 2003 14:45:44 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <vrafnck3t6hlb6@corp.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
References: <vraaj4keub6s1e@news.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2727.1300
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 82
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7470


"Bob Perez" <bob@DELETETHISplanetperez.com> wrote in message
news:vraaj4keub6s1e@news.supernews.com...
> I'm really enjoying the new LDoN adventure system for a variety of
reasons.
> First, I really like having the ability to chunk game time into a neat
> little 2-hour package that has a reasonably known start point and a firm
> endpoint ("Honey, I'll be done with this adventure in 32 minutes!"). For
> those of us on heavy RL schedules with limited time to play, this is a
> godsend.

Yeppers, exactly. Not to mention spouses and young 'uns clamoring for time
on the best computer in the house (the only one that EQ will run on
decently). Or the only computer in the house as the case may be.


> But I also like the fact that when I'm Adventuring, I'm so focused
> on a goal that the experience just FLIES by because I spend more time
> looking at Alt-V than counting ticks on the experience bar.

Yes! Sing it, brother.
Plus decent loot, fun drops to roll on, a whole new type of shopping to do,
a new level of focus on group tactics (LDoN "forces players to actually
learn how to play their damn classes" as somebody said online the other
evening)....it's all good.


> Finally, it's
> caused me to really get to know a much wider assortment of players at my
> level in my community because, eventually, most of us wind up playing in
> each other's LDoN groups. This is neat.

Truth! can I get an "Amen", brothers and sisters???


I'll be interested in authoritative, referenced information on the LDoN
points questions you listed, but one side comment on something you said:

> My guess is that the real reason for the delays is a policy decision by
SOE
> imposing a cost for adventure shopping. They would like to see a more
> even-handed distribution of adventure types and get more people exposed to
> Rescues, etc., so they make it cost you precious time to reject that
Rescue
> that's been offered, in hopes that you'll just go along and discover
> something you might not otherwise have experienced. I don't like that
design
> approach, but I can understand it.

Yea I suspect this is true, and if so it's just dumb lazy design, they can
easily do better. Having successfully implemented LDoN as a whole, they need
to tweak the mission types. They need to provide real incentives to do
different types of missions and then get rid of the silly forced delay at
the mission-selection stage. They could, say....

-- tweak the mission types such that certain class abilities are really
essential for certain missions (one type requires serious DPS but not so
much CC, another the reverse, etc.).

-- create some augments or gear or other rewards for having successfully
completed the full range of mission types, or the full range of mission
types in a specific camp, or whatever.

-- give different mission types higher/lower chances of including certain
types of drops (types of augments, types of gear, cash) (maybe in the
chests/crates).

-- bag the collect missions since they are really just slaughters with a
random element, replace that with a really new type of mission. Like how
about a mission where instead of fighting your way _in_ you have to fight
your way _out_ -- you zone into an empty or semi-empty dungeon, have to find
something like a rescue victim or a certain item or whatever [do you split
up to search faster, or stay together for safety, an interesting question
for the group], and then the mobs pop and you have to get out by the time
limit. Maybe after 60 minutes an ass-kicking boss mob pops and starts
looking for you, so you really want to be close to the zone-out by then
(maybe that's a more-creative way to implement a "hard" setting for
adventures)....whatever, I'm sure they've received lots of interesting ideas
by now.





