From 8105128611719539286
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c61e5c6ae0866fa4
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-31 14:50:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!cyclone.tampabay.rr.com!cyclone.austin.rr.com!typhoon.austin.rr.com.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: dcd@firstnethou.com (Dan Day)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Ridiculously OT: Sarah Brady
Message-ID: <3cab907d.316449908@news-server.houston.rr.com>
References: <Pxmp8.240556$s43.57299845@typhoon.columbus.rr.com> <g4jcau8ro265lnhfse0kbmdho0fpd943ov@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.01/32.397
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 191
Date: Sun, 31 Mar 2002 22:48:26 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.25.13.184
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.austin.rr.com 1017614906 66.25.13.184 (Sun, 31 Mar 2002 16:48:26 CST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 31 Mar 2002 16:48:26 CST
Organization: Road Runner - Texas
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:181788

On Sat, 30 Mar 2002 23:40:53 GMT, bizbee <tuberoo@ix.netcom.com> wrote:
>>
>a lot of serious gun control people have guns. A few years back, some
>anti-gun rep or senator shot some kid in his backyard  that had
>climbed the fence with a couple friends to swim in his pool.

Carl Rowan, rabidly anti-gun editorial writer, who
doesn't believe that any civilian should be allowed to own
a handgun.  He supports the existing laws in Washington DC
which effectively accomplish that very goal, and yet he
felt no hypocrisy in keeping (and using) an illegal handgun
in DC himself.

That sort of crap is quite typical for the anti-gun nuts.

Here's a summary I compiled for talk.politics.guns a while
back about Rowan's hypocrisy (not to mention cluelessness):

#####

A footnote from an article in the Georgia Law Review:

   Nancy Lewis; Rowan Won't Be Retried on Gun Charges: 
   D.C. Corporation Counsel Says Jurors Were Confused in Case of 
   Unregistered Weapon, Wash. Post, Oct. 6, 1988, at B1. After his 
   trial on charges of violating the District of Columbia gun control 
   law ended with a hung jury, Rowan told a news conference that he 
   still supported enacting a federal law "that makes it extremely 
   difficult for anyone but a law-enforcement officer to have a gun." 
   Rowan Says He Still Favors Gun Control, Boston Globe, Oct. 7, 1988, at 13. 

Or the father of one, apparently -- Rowan thought that his ownership
of a handgun in handgun-banning DC was okay because he got it from his
son, an FBI agent.


Newspaper article of 6/15/88:

   Columnist shoots intruder in his yard 

   Knight-Ridder Newspapers

   WASHINGTON - Syndicated columnist and television commentator 
   Carl T. Rowan, who has preached for years about the need for 
   handgun control, broke up an unauthorized 2 a.m. pool party in 
   his back yard Tuesday by calling the police and then winging one 
   of the teen-age intruders with a single shot from his 
   Smith & Wesson revolver.

   "Somebody will see irony in this," said Rowan, one of the most 
   prominent black journalists in America. "But I don't."

   Rowan, 62, said he fired his small-caliber pistol only after 
   one of the trespassers ignored his warning and lunged at him as 
   if he were heading into the house.

   Hospitalized with a gunshot wound to his wrist was Ben Neil 
   Smith, 18, of Bethesda, Md. A Georgetown Hospital official 
   said Smith's wound did not appear serious and that he probably 
   would not spend the night at the hospital. Smith and a friend, 
   Laura A. Bachman, 19, also of Bethesda, were charged with unlawful 
   entry, a police statement said. No charges were filed against 
   Rowan, but the entire case was being forwarded to the U.S. 
   attorney's office.

   Parents of both young people refused comment Tuesday. But before 
   police and hospital officials cut off attempts to call Smith, he 
   was reached by a local radio reporter.

   "He had no right to shoot me," Smith was quoted as saying. "I mean, 
   I guess I was trespassing. That's no reason to shoot a person - for 
   swimming in his pool. I was in my underwear soaking wet. I had just 
   climbed out of the pool. I never spoke with him - he just shot me."


From newspaper article of 7/30/88: Rowan is shocked, yes shocked,
that gun control laws actually apply to liberals and gun-control
fans:

   Columnist shocked at gun charge 

   United Press International

   WASHINGTON - Columnist Carl Rowan is "dumbfounded" that he faces 
   arraignment next week on charges of possessing an unregistered 
   gun and ammunition used to shoot an intruder in his back yard, his
   attorney said Friday.

   Rowan, who has advocated gun control, was charged Wednesday with 
   possession of an unregistered firearm and illegal possession of 
   ammunition. An arraignment hearing was scheduled for Monday.

   Raoul Carroll, attorney for Rowan, said he spoke with the liberal 
   columnist about the charges and "he's just dumbfounded." Rowan 
   was delivering speeches in Nevada Friday but would not comment.

   "We think the charges are inappropriate under the circumstances 
   and the facts in this case," said Carroll, who said Rowan was 
   expected to attend the arraignment hearing.

   Benjamin Smith, 18, of Chevy Chase, Md., and three other people 
   sneaked into Rowan's back yard June 14 at about 2 a.m. and used 
   Rowan's pool and Jacuzzi. Rowan shot Smith in the wrist when he 
   discovered them.
     [snip]
   District of Columbia Corporation Counsel Frederick D. Cooke Jr., 
   the city's top attorney, said that while he realizes some people 
   "may believe that Mr. Rowan had a right to protect his family... my 
   office does not make the laws but merely seeks to enforce them."

   [snip]

   Smith's mother, Dinah Smith, repeated Friday the family's contention 
   that "this Rowan version that Ben lunged at him is just not true. He 
   was trying to get over the fence with his friends who had tried to 
   escape." 


Article of 9/13/88:

   Police inspector testifies Rowan used handgun illegally 

   Associated Press

   WASHINGTON - A police official testified Monday that syndicated 
   columnist Carl T. Rowan violated the District of Columbia handgun 
   law by using an unregistered revolver to wound a teen-ager who was 
   intruding in the back yard of his home.

   Inspector James R. Lee, who has worked in the district police 
   department's firearms records division since 1976, said at a 
   pretrial hearing that Rowan had broken the law that prohibits 
   anyone but the registered owner from using a weapon.


Article of 9/28/88, in which Rowan expresses surprise that
anti-gun laws would actually apply to HIM:

   Rowan says he believed gun exempt from district law 

   United Press International

   WASHINGTON - Syndicated columnist Carl Rowan, charged with 
   possessing an unregistered gun, testified at his trial Tuesday 
   that he believed the pistol he used to shoot and wound a teen-age 
   intruder was exempt from the district's strict gun control law.

   [snip]

   The elder Rowan is charged with one misdemeanor count each of 
   possessing an unregistered firearm and illegally possessing ammunition. 
   If convicted, he could be sentenced to a year in jail and a $1,000 
   fine on each count.

   [snip]

   The city's gun-control law, written in 1975, makes it virtually 
   impossible for a private citizen to register and legally own a 
   handgun. It is one of the most stringent such laws in the nation. 


Article of 10/05/88:

   Charges against columnist Rowan dropped 

   United Press International

   WASHINGTON - The District of Columbia will not refile unlawful 
   gun possession charges against syndicated columnist Carl Rowan, 
   whose celebrated trial ended last week with a hung jury, it was 
   reported Tuesday.

   CBS affiliate WUSA-TV, citing sources, reported that District of 
   Columbia Corporation Counsel Frederick Cooke Jr., who oversaw 
   prosecution of the case, did not believe a fair or impartial jury 
   could be assembled to re-hear the case and had decided not to ask 
   for a second trial.

Translation:  Despite his clear guilt in violating the very anti-gun
laws that he supports, he was ironically saved by the very same
pro-self-defense attitude among the population (and jury) that he
routinely decries.

Humorist Dave Barry lampooned Rowan's act in his 1988 year-end summary:

   In a tragic international incident, an unarmed Iranian commercial 
   jetliner is shot down by syndicated columnist Carl Rowan, who 
   tells police that he kept an unregistered SM-2 surface-to-air 
   missile in his home because he was concerned about "wind shear."




