From 5661675580953233140
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e53b403ff536502b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-02 08:27:50 PST
From: "SixEastMain" <sixeastmain@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <jec4pts2fhs2he2jk6pte2us9pcb8ej0ak@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: enthusiasm slipping - Long Reply
Date: Sun, 2 Sep 2001 10:54:51 -0400
Lines: 120
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.49.52.83
Message-ID: <3b925700@MAIL.mhogaming.com>
X-Original-Trace: 2 Sep 2001 09:57:52 -0600, 24.49.52.83
X-COMPLAINTS: Report abuse to abuse@mhogaming.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.64.207.209
X-Trace: news.vic.com 999441423 65.64.207.209 (2 Sep 2001 10:37:03 -0400)
X-Authenticated-User: brianh@nationwide.net
Organization: Newsville.Com (http://www.newsville.com)
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!tor-nx1.netcom.ca!news.vic.com!MAIL.mhogaming.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:114257

And I was trying not to say too much. : ) LOL

I too experienced the same thing. I just could not find the umph to get
going when I would log into EQ. I started a few new characters as you
mentioned, mostly Gnomes, all of which I am still very proud of and play
with from time to time. I went to another server to meet new people, and
that was fun. I went to Druzzil Ro.I have never been a big fan of groups
because you always have conflict within groups and there is always that
know-it-all member that just gets on your last good nerve. Also, I like
playing female characters as part of my "role playing" experience, and the
ammount of sexual harrasment that goes on in game is shocking if not
alarming. I really feel bad for the women who play this game and have to put
up with that kind of thing. I also became a Guide for a short while to see
what went on behind the scenes of the game and that in itself was an
enlightening experience. I met some very interesting people doing that,
mostly Europeans because of my shift hours.

I just recently took a long hard look at the bank account of my main
character and realized that I had bits and pieces of quests that I never
finished in there and decided that I would re-evaluate each on and try to
accomplish them whether racial oriented or not. I'm always up for a good
quest. Last night I finally finished the Falchion of Koada'Vie quest in
Felwithe and learned things that I hadn't previously. One is that Brawn is
actually escorted by 2 Dark Elf Dragoons that makes killing him a challenge
even for a 34 Druid solo. The 3 combined had me down to two bubbles of
health and running for my life. I was a nervous wreck and had to leave one
of the Dragoons unmolested. LOL.

I also revisited some of the Trade Skills that I left after "mastering" at
level 100 and realized that I still had alot to learn and do. I have yet to
find a Trade that is "truly" financially rewarding, however have had fun
just gathering what I needed and learning how to make them into what they
can become. For instance, I learned that making poison vials for my
Enchanter is still giving me trade experience, however firing the unfinished
ones in the Kiln is trivial. There too, I have met some interesting people.

Another thing was that with my Gnome characters, Tinkering was a world
within itself and there is a whole community there, that if you are an
"outsider" is never realized. They have their own culture and I find it very
fun. Take a look at this web site, http://www.eqportal.com/tinkering/ This
is the best starting place that I have found for this group. Some really
good info can be found here. Of course, you may find using another character
that can feed the financial end of this endeavour an asset. I use my 34 main
to support my lower Gnomish children and their educational pursuits. LOL It
was this that I wanted to start a guild strictly by Gnomes for Gnomes. Kind
of a mutual support network. I got no responses as of yet, however I still
keep dreaming. :)

Anyway, my point is that perhaps you just need to avert your attention and
goals and possibly reinvent yourself when it comes to this game. Leveling
and gaining experience is NOT everything in this game. All though there are
those that would argue this point, however they are all at or around level
60 and find themselves bored and looking for something else to do or asking
themselves, what's next? I have a level 8 Mage that is nearly a master at
all of the Trades, however she still has alot of work to do to truly
"Master" them all. Understand? : ) My main character is level 34 and was
created in Jun of 99. In my opinion, I am right on with the experience
slope. By the time the next expansion comes out, I should be ready to visit
worlds I have yet to see. I have never been to Velious and I went to Kunark
last night for the first time since it's release. I saw a Drovlarg something
or another, It knocked the snot out of me, I ran for my life through the Ice
cave connecting the Lost Valley and Dreadlands, outran it, quickly learned a
teleport spell to get the hell outta there, and decided I was not yet ready
for that kind of fun. LOL

I  sincerely hope you can find something that will keep you in this game.
Just rethink your goals and what you want to get from the game, and you'll
either wind up quiting, or you'll find new found entusiasm for things you
have yet to "experience". I hope you understand what I have said here. : )

Adventurer on Bertoxx
"Many faces, one soul"


"Whittleberry" <whittleberry@hotmail.com> wrote in message
news:jec4pts2fhs2he2jk6pte2us9pcb8ej0ak@4ax.com...
> This is hard for me to admit, but my enthusiasm for EQ has dropped
> like a troll off the Dragon Bridge.
>
> Many of my own personal goals have been realized: I have reach the
> 35th season, I have joined a guild, and my wisdom has been much
> improved (186).
>
> I am hardly weeping for lack of worlds to conquer. There is much I
> haven't seen or done. I want to solo a hill giant. I want to pick up
> some gatorscale leggings and a crystalline belt. I want to learn how
> to quad-kite.
>
> And yet, when I log into EQ, I wander around for 15 minutes, do a few
> ports, then camp.
>
> Part of the problem, I suspect, is that I haven't chosen a hunting
> ground. I'm bound in OT now but OT doesn't seem to be a good place to
> quad-kite. It's a great place to group, but I don't seem to want to
> group much any more (so much so that I'm considering changing my
> specialization to Evocation from Alteration).
>
> Quad-kiting cougars in Iceclad or Tizmaks in GD is supposed to be fun.
> However, Iceclad I never really enjoyed and GD has a lot of nasty
> wandering mobs. I suppose I could hunt dwarves in BB, if they're not
> horribly overcamped. None of this sounds appealing.
>
> Quests for halfling druids of Karana are sadly lacking. The only quest
> that seems interesting is the Paw quest, and I can pretty much
> guarantee that camping the Fungus Mutant for hours on end will
> permanently kill my EQ enthusiasm.
>
> Starting a new character is a possibility, but that too just doesn't
> grip me.
>
> Does anyone have any suggestions on goals, hunting grounds, etc.? Is
> it time to walk away and water my long-dead plants?
>
>
> Whittleberry
> druid of the 35th season
> Tholuxe Paells server
>




