From 8961704835259067716
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b43356e8547bfdba
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!border2.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!bigfeed3.bellsouth.net!news.bellsouth.net!cycny01.gnilink.net!spamkiller2.gnilink.net!gnilink.net!trndny04.POSTED!4aaf3e06!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Comeback
From: Bebinn <bebinn@nowhere.com>
References: <1161628205.762016.199020@i3g2000cwc.googlegroups.com>
Organization: Your Company
User-Agent: Xnews/5.04.25
Lines: 118
Message-ID: <aV8%g.3503$PA3.1496@trndny04>
Date: Mon, 23 Oct 2006 19:40:54 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 71.246.72.29
X-Complaints-To: abuse@verizon.net
X-Trace: trndny04 1161632454 71.246.72.29 (Mon, 23 Oct 2006 15:40:54 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 23 Oct 2006 15:40:54 EDT
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:4325

dcpiepenbu@aol.com wrote in 
news:1161628205.762016.199020@i3g2000cwc.googlegroups.com: 

> It has been a while since I visited the group. Good to see that it is 
> still around. 
> 
> RL demanded attention and I haven't been playing EQ (or any other 
> game) for quite some time now but I am thinking about coming back at 
> least part time.  When I left I had a 65 druid in the top (or one of 
> the top depending on who you talk to) raiding guild on Terris-Thule 
> and a couple of younger toons.  SOE was at its peak subscription 
> level.  I have the expansions through GoD.  I'm hoping you would be 
> willing to answer a couple of questions about how things have changed.
> 
> 1.  I had a level 1 trader sitting in the bazaar with all my money 
> (about 80K plat) and a bunch of goodies.  I read that she's gone. 
> Please tell me it ain't so or that there is some way I can beg/grovel 
> to get her back. 

1. Hmm, level 1, depends on when you left.  There was a one time wipe of
all characters under 5 that hadn't been played in a while...I had to go 
log in all my alts to make sure they didn't get caught in that. If you
lost a character, you can try petitioning but I wouldn't bother myself. 

> 2. Since I don't have the time or inclination to do the dedicated 
> playing required for a raid guild or getting my druid up to snuff, I 
> was planning on exploring the lower level (levels 0-65) content.  Do I
> need the more recent expansions?  Since the answer to my first 
> question is likely to be "you're screwed" (and broke), should I go to 
> the progressive servers? 

2. i'm what they call a casual player, never really got into raiding, I 
just like to play.  Even so, I would recommend getting all the 
expansions.  Don't know what they are calling the current bundle 
off-hand but I'd buy that plus the brand new one (Serpent's Spine) 
especially since you seem to be interested in looking into new or lowbie
content. I've been having fun with that expansion, new race, new
starting city, lots of quests to do. 

> 3. With the attrition and consolidation how hard is it to get into 
> groups at the lower levels?  How about finding LDON groups?  Should I 
> expect to have to do a lot of soloing as a casual player?  If so, what
> are the good solo classes nowadays?  I assume clerics, chanters, 
> bards, and rouges still aren't that great. 

3.  I've always prefered soloing. My hubby used to do alot of LDONs but
his friends haven't really been doing them for a while. Right now with
the new expansion adding a new race there are _some_ lowbie people out
there to group with and lots of quests to do in the new areas. 
Regarding chanters I've heard some recent bitching that they don't have
the same role they used to have/that they aren't as useful  YMMV.  

> 4.  What's happening with corpse recovery?  Someone wrote that it has 
> gotten easier and mentioned a guild lobby.  Can you fill me in on 
> where this is and how to use it and any other feature added in the 
> last couple of years?  A guild hall where you can buy ports was also 
> mentioned.  Is that the same place and the guild lobby? 

4.  Guild lobby is open to everyone no matter what expansions you have 
or whether you are in a guild or not.  The lobby has a Corpse Summoner 
that will summon all your corpses for a price (it goes up according to 
your level).  I would have loved to have that back in the day when I had
a corpse stuck in the water after falling off the boat to freeport.  The
Guild hall is slightly different, you have to be in a guild in order to 
get in, it has a guild banker and a regular banker, your buff durations 
don't go down when in there and the portstones can be bought and used 
there (you buy a stone then insert it in a portal to activate it), the 
portstone prices vary from pretty cheap to outrageous, they are supposed
to mainly be used to transport an entire raid, 1 stone per raid. 
 
> 5.  What are these veteran thingies?  Are they permanent?  Are there 
> options that one can choose from?  If so, any suggestions on what the 
> most useful ones are? 

5. Veteran rewards are permanant but you dont' really get a 'choice', 
everyone gets the same things, the more years you've been a subscriber 
the more rewards you get. They are mostly useless, except for the one
that calls your corpses and gives you a free rez, wish you could use
that more than once a week.  That jester of bristlebane isn't as funny
as he thinks he is.  You get one reward per year plus one and you can
use it on one character per year ie: you have been playing 3 years you
can put the veteran rewards on 3 characters (you can't change your mind
which 3 tho) and you'll get the same 4 rewards on all 3 characters. 

> 6.  Are North Freeport and Oasis of Marr gone?  If so, what did they 
> do with the content that was there like the paladin guild in NP or the
> vendor that sold the research book for casters in Oasis or the raft 
> that went to Kunak?  Are there any other areas that have been 
> significantly revamped in the last couple of years?  Do they still 
> have the boats? 

6.  Freeport area has been completely changed.  Most of the old content 
has probably just been moved around. Not sure on specifics.  Boats might
still be riding around just for looks but you don't ride them any more,
you use a translocator gnome located at the end of the dock.

> 7.  What kind of interface changes and new features have been added? 
> I pretty much used the standard interface in conjunction with mouse. 
> My peers were pushing me to just use the keyboard.  Since I'm 
> restarting and can develop new habits, what do you suggest?   Do you 
> use the keyboard or the mouse?  Any tips or suggestions on how to 
> interface with the game? 

7. I'm not that good at keyboard skills, there's no way I could play 
with just the keyboard.  Who cares what your friends say about it.  Play
how you want. Are they going to be over your shoulder with a pointer
rapping your knuckles whenever you reach for the mouse?  (wow jr high
flash back there for a minute LOL) 

> 8.  Are the spells still hard to find or can you get them all at the 
> POK vendors .  I seem to remember having to go to the bazaar to find 
> one vendor for a spell and the far reaches of the moon for another. 
> 
8.  Most spells are in PoK but there will still be a couple that are 
hard to find.  I just went there yesterday looking for level 10-20 necro
spells, most of them were in PoK but one was on Luclin still, luckily 
you can use the find button inzone to help you get to that guy.  Liberal
use of allakhazam's search engine is a big help too. 


