From -1420619166310738896
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b93bd29aae82b94d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-10 10:50:27 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Building a raid capable guild...
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <mqmr3ucf0bil8mrebbnli06r2qjqpj5v2c@4ax.com>
References: <3c3d7cc1@itsawnews.its.rmit.edu.au>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 154
Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2002 18:50:26 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1010688626 24.3.225.40 (Thu, 10 Jan 2002 10:50:26 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2002 10:50:26 PST
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:155343

On 10 Jan 2002 22:36:33 +1100, A Shelton
<ashelton@yallara.cs.rmit.edu.au> wrote:

Much cut

>I believe pets are considered a negative factor, especially against
>dragon fear, but i've never seen this in action. So I guess you slap
>and mage, necro, SK or BM who wants to summon a pet.

Yeah pets are dubious at best on many raids. On most in places like
Tov I never see them used at all.


>A camped out high level cleric, with epic, is great to speed up 
>recoveries and avoid messy CR's. Course if we had someone like that
>he'd probably be main healer. So lets say a camped out cleric with
>a decent Res is the best we can get.

Yeah, that is a nice thing, saves time.


>Evac? have a high level wizard or druid in each group to handle this?
>That's a decent number of high level wizards or druids and makes the
>number of `active' spots in each group much smaller. 

That is really not as big a deal as you'd think. Evac is more for
single groups while on a raid you pretty much die where you stand then
clean up later. Its simply easier to get one or more clerics back to
start ressing (and some mana dropper types) then it is to get everyone
back who evacced.


>Corrections? I realise it's much more complex than this, and the nature
>of the raid is going to cause a lot of variance in parties, but is this
>a reasonable basis? Certainly it looks like as long as you have the 
>numbers and levels, a high level main tank and a decent number of high
>level clerics you can make a, seemingly, powerful group.

Yeah, here is a suggestion though:

Recruit/get/beg/cajole into joining about 4 or 5 times the amount of
warriors, clerics and enchanters you think you'd need. Even if
everyone is in the same time zone everyone can't always play.
Make them as happy as possible. You could have 25 pretty good warriors
in the guild, need 5 for a particular raid and have 3 show up.

Based on experiences with 2 guilds I've been in with people sharing
accounts of those classes, because you never have enough of them
around, and that account sharing leading to BAD things happening I'd
make that the basic goal of your guild (having enough of those three
that no one ever has a need to play one on someone elses account) I
also might make it a guild policy that NO ONE ever shares account info
with others in the guild. Why? because, when your guild spends 6 hours
or more getting a few people equipped often with some quality
droppable items that is 6 hours wasted when account sharing ends up
biting someone on the ass and items are gone.
I can't stress enough that for a good guild a rule against that should
be its cornerstone and having enough of the classes so no one ever
feels you need to.


>Any advice we can use in training up / retaining the raw materials of
>a raid capable guild would be very helpful. For instance convincing the
>large number of magicians we have to do something about the shortage 
>of clerics we have.

? like what would they do? Do you mean to have some of them start
clerics? Really I'd not advise that. Since eventually people come and
go its really better to ignore that you have a large number of
magicians and try to recruit more clerics. Having a large number of
magicians is VERY important when they get call of the hero because
just as with warriors, enchanters and clerics you never have enough
mages with call of the hero around and you just can't really have TOO
many.


>Oh yeah, item advice...or numbers, would be good too. Of course one
>of the reasons we would want to be raid capable is to get the
>experience and equipment we would need to progress further. The
>posts i've read emphasise AC, HP and resists as the ones to go for.
>
>Oh, and no flames for me being green...I know :)

Though it pissed me off as a druid, since my armor did not drop there,
really the biggest boost to my guild's power was doing the plane of
growth and equipping the classes who got armor in pretty darn good
stuff with good resists and such. 

A good strategy might be to cut your teeth on fear and hate whenever
you can until you kind of exhaust those armor supplies while possibly
mixing in Kael when you can raid that to possibly get some people
thurg quest armor. While doing that don't even think about the
prospect of whether you will be later allied with giants or dragons
for tov because you are not yet in tov so who cares? Worry about that
later. 

When you have the power and a bard or two who is experienced in
pulling plane of growth attempt it, if anything it rapidly equips your
bards and sks!! ;)  A good way to "train" your bards up with doing it
is them loaning themselves out to other guilds who want to to plane of
growth, we had a bard in our guild who did this a lot and it benefited
us enormously because he became super pro puller.

Some uber guilds have insane rules like you must have "at least a
cable modem, dsl or at the lowest ISDN and you must never go link dead
", you must always be availible to raid, etc. They are the ones who do
12 uber mobs in one day and win the test of the tactics etc. The thing
is, you don't have to be them. Just attract good nice people, attract
enough of them, treat them right and possibly give bad apples the boot
and you will be fine. 

The biggest danger to your guild is not a cleric who only might be
able to raid once a week but is instead that greedy bastard who raids
everyday but causes constant problems over loot. Not being afraid of
having to "clean house" is one of the best ways to build a good guild.
Make it known that the raid leader's word is final about loot and
other stuff, if someone argues publically about that give them the
boot. If you tell people to not send tells to the raid leader or other
raid people and they keep doing that after telling them give them the
boot. It can't be stressed enough that nice people who only raid
sometimes but have respect for and follow rules without causing
trouble are worth far more than uber raiders who are jerks in your
guild. The jerks will be like a cancer that slowly eats your guild
from within even if it has a short period of uberness.

A good guild is built about 50 percent upon good sound rules which are
the guild's cornerstone, 20 percent on good raiding tactics and 25
percent on friendly people, I'd place about 5 percent importance on
how uber you actually get (yeah really those percentages are stupid
and arbitrary but just an example.) You have to delicately balance the
rules so they work to keep order and to avoid problems while not
making them too ridiculous such as spelling over into the quality of
someone's net connection (that cleric who always goes linkdead might
one day be the entire reason that your guild pulled off a hard raid.)
If you think for the sake of polite discourse and a general PG rating
that you need to implement a guild "swear jar" then by all means do it
and don't be afraid to do it.

Items more or less fall into place. My guild is pro skyshrine and does
the tov quest drops in tov. We also do north tov nameds and all
velious outdoor dragons. We also do western wastes dragons sometimes.
So how do we get claws of veeshan/tov allied again for tov quest drop
armor? Simple, we go and do kael giants and vindi in the inbetween
times ;) This gets a wide variety of stuff especially tank haste
items. Even at this stage we still get fear and hate drops for people
who still need items in those slots sometimes while we are up getting
someone an epic drop, it all works out. 

As far as numbers you can't have to many as long as you weed out the
jerks. Even lowly druids, sks or paladins which you really don't add
into the "uber guild" equation can help immensely.

Email: dstephenathomedotcom
Find the @ and the . if you really need to.


