From 4745976381177118593
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6a50b85a2f5b4e51
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-29 03:33:50 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!arclight.uoregon.edu!enews.sgi.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: SoL in CGW
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <3qeqtt8i3hccl223mt74hrpuv7rj2peuap@4ax.com>
References: <MSHB7.344$nj.14040@typhoon.austin.rr.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 106
Date: Mon, 29 Oct 2001 11:33:50 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1004355230 24.3.225.40 (Mon, 29 Oct 2001 03:33:50 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 29 Oct 2001 03:33:50 PST
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:130233

On Wed, 24 Oct 2001 23:09:32 GMT, "Bradmeister"
<bradmeister@hot.roar.com> wrote:

>Just received my newest edition of Computer Gaming Monthly, and what do I
>see? Fironia Vie riding a horse on the cover! Here's some of the choicer
>cuts from the review:

!!!!
Stuff cut

>"Well, look at those huge spires sprinkled throughout Norrath; those are the
>transports. You'll need an item in your possession-yet to be determined, but
>[Associate Producer Gordon] Wrinn assures us it would be easy for all
>players to get."

Yeah other media and them (verant) are now saying every 45 minutes
you'll get a box to click on at the spires if you have SOL and are
hanging around there. This is really kind of okay.. because unlike the
boats if you know when the thing asks to take you just ONCE you can
figure out what time table it is on until the server goes up or down
again (would be even better if it was the same time regardless of when
server went up)


>"The bad news is that-as with the current game's boats- you'll still have to
>wait. The teleport activates periodically, so you will need to be there
>ahead of time."

Something else I heard is it takes you to the "auction" zone (the
first server this will REALLY have a purpose on will be firiona vie
one.. where auctioning is pretty hard now. On other servers people
will probably continue to do so in EC) Supposedly you can instantly
get back from the other side which means that if there are "pots" on
the other side to all the wizard spires, knowing about when the TP
will go to SOL would be a GREAT way to get around the whole of
norrath.

Something else I thought of though is that since a place to bind is
probably within 3 zones of that auction zone, a caster (even melees if
town) could bind there then take the fast route out of the auction
zone to any spire. That makes me think that it must not work that way
and perhaps when you leave the auction zone via a port thing you end
up at the spire you got there with. If they do it with the instant
pots though it sure would be better ;)


>"Sony Online is still fiddling with the abilities that the Vah Shir will
>get, but it looks like you can expect them to have infravision, Sneak, and
>Safe-Fall as native abilities."

Wow, i heard infra and safe-fall (great considering you get injured in
EQ currently for falling for like 3 damage. If they get sneak also
they will REALLY make a great shaman for me. Shaman's normally don't
get invis until level 29 so the vah shir would have a huge advantage
over the other shamans both for emergency invis and buying with indiff
faction ;) (also advantageous to the other non invis vah shir classes
of course)


>"When you dismount, the horse will be unsummoned."
>
>"If you do choose to fight on horseback, you can do so only while the horse
>is not running. There will be no Apache-style bow fights while riding."

Essentially they could have summed that up by saying the horse is
basically jboots with a graphical representation. You also have to
stop to shoot a bow otherwise and the horse is really just faster
speed. In fact to those without luclin you won't be riding a horse at
all but running as normal. 


>"Appropriate classes like Paladins and Shadow Knights may get a Summon
>Warhorse spell."

I still don't get that since they will still have to buy the horse
presumeably. Since the horse is just a whistle you right click which
operates like jboots, and gives you the horse graphic, I can't see
what advantage the spell would be unless the whistle is not soulbound
and the sk or paladin could ride the horse back to the corpse. 


>"We'll have items that give faction boost while wearing them and other
>things like a fire sword that's useful against an ice-based creature, but
>not a fire monster, for example."
>
>There's a lot more, like blurbs on the new wizzie familiars, but you'll have
>to either:
>
>A: buy the mag yourself.
>
>B: bribe me with Dr Pepper and BBQ Pringles. Lots of them. :)

Yeah all that stuff is out in website previews and junk too, and
synopsis of what verant said at the most recent fan faire which is of
course info about 2 months newer than that magazine would have (kind
of a failing of print media for games info)

Like the horse, the familiar is pretty much just a graphic which gives
the wizard more mana at a point, more mana per tick on the higher
ones, zones with him, etc. You can't do anything with it nor does
stuff aggro on it but it will take damage from AOE's but will be very
resistant to them. I think the familiar was an easy way for them to
give all those things to a wizard instead of giving them new skills or
spells to do it instead.

Email: dstephenAThomeDOTcom


