From 1083288902513576659
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,77e47f605e56d110
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-02 03:42:48 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!cyclone2.usenetserver.com!usenetserver.com!pd2nf1so.cg.shawcable.net!residential.shaw.ca!news3.calgary.shaw.ca.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: ryouseika <haha@ha.ha>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: newbie questions
Message-ID: <MPG.15fbacf5326d653998973b@shawnews>
References: <Almk7.32266$Nb2.5339651@news2-win.server.ntlworld.com>
X-Newsreader: MicroPlanet Gravity v2.20.1625
Lines: 135
Date: Sun, 02 Sep 2001 10:41:46 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.64.223.206
X-Complaints-To: abuse@shaw.ca
X-Trace: news3.calgary.shaw.ca 999427306 24.64.223.206 (Sun, 02 Sep 2001 04:41:46 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 02 Sep 2001 04:41:46 MDT
Organization: Shaw Residential Internet
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:114221

In article <Almk7.32266$Nb2.5339651@news2-
win.server.ntlworld.com>, aleatory@ntlworld.com says...
> 1    Is there any kind of map feature so you can work out there you are?

http://www.eqatlas.com/

Also, learn to use the /loc command.  It took me forever 
(I'm not good with numbers, to say the least) but it was 
definitely, DEFINITELY worth it.

Try and find maps with loc grids, and preferably with 
important locs noted, so if you get REALLY lost, you can 
get yourself headed in the right direction.

Get your sense heading up.  Up, up, WAY up.  It's a pain 
in the ass, but it, also, is definitely worth it.

> 2    I have a level 3 druid, can I use bind, and if so, how?

You can't use bind yet, but you don't need it right now.  
If I recall correctly, they bind you at a fairly stupid 
place to start - halfway between the newbie and POD lift 
or something like that? - so if you don't like it, just 
wait till somebody shouts out that they're giving free 
binds at the pod or newbie lift and take them up on the 
offer.  DON'T get bound on the lift itself.

> 3    I seem to be wandering around Kelethin at the moment without any
> purpose, I have talked to pretty much everyone and got a few very minor
> quests. How do you get more substantial quests and know where to go for
> them?

There's a couple there, but the best one is once you hit 
orc hill level.  Keep the belts.  DON'T sell them, 1 
plat each sounds like a lot but the exp is worth more.  
They're heavy, so keep some backpacks in the bank and 
put them there.  When you've got a few bags full, get 
out your map of G Fay, Butcherblock, and Kaladim, and 
run to Kaladim.  Go to the bank in Kaladim, get your 
bags of belts, and hand em in to Canloe in the warrior 
guild in Kaladim.

Heck, you hardly even need a map for this, really - just 
send out a (POLITE) shout to the zone asking if anybody 
is going to turn in belts, and if they are, can you tag 
along for the ride.  Someone did that for me, and I've 
gone back and shown several people to make up for it.  
This will allow you to level up fairly fast, so make 
sure you keep your skills (casting and fighting and so 
on) up to your level.  The formula is (level x 5) + 5 = 
max - so at level 3 you'd be able to get as high as 20 
in most of your skills (tradeskills don't count, but 
there's not much point in doing them at your level 
anyway unless you want to make patchwork armor - and 
since you're in G Fay you won't much need it anyway - 
the orc pawns and centurions will drop armor for you, 
and when you turn in the belts you'll get even more 
armor).

http://eqdb.allakhazam.com/quest.html?quest=294 has all 
the info you need on this quest.

And while you're at it, go to 
http://links.allakhazam.com/pages/Everquest/Class_Specif
ic_Sites/Druid/ there and look around the sites listed.  
(The URL probably wrapped, so you'll have to cut and 
paste)

As for more 'substantial' quests, well, there's always 
this one:

http://www.eqdruids.com/epic/default.htm

But trust me - you might want to wait awhile on that one 
;)

If or when you get bored of G Fay, or sick of all that 
stupid mist, you can go to the boat in Butcherblock (any 
good map will show you how to get there - basically, 
once you get to Butcherblock, take the first right you 
see, and follow the path straight from there on - it'll 
take you to the docks.  Watch out for aqua goblins in 
and around the docks - if you sit on the dock itself 
you're safe.  Anything else around the paths (including 
the regular old goblins) shouldn't attack you unless you 
hit first.  (DO NOT HIT THE LIZARDS :) )

Sit on the dock to the RIGHT when you walk past the 
guards.  The one without the shuttles.  Get on the boat 
when it gets there.  You'll zone twice - first into the 
Ocean of Tears, then into Freeport East.  Get maps for 
Freeport BEFORE you go, because trust me, it's really, 
REALLY confusing.  Get thee to the gates of West 
Freeport and get yourself a bind.  If you're fortunate, 
a /ooc would somebody be so kind as to bind a travelling 
druid at the gates? will do the trick.  If not, offer to 
donate - if you have the money available (doubtful if 
you're new) pay it, if not, explain that you can only 
afford to donate a few gold.  But there's almost always 
someone that can bind hanging around West Freeport or 
passing through, and a bind is usually given without 
grudge.

As soon as you're done that, you can either fight the 
stuff in the newbie area outside the gates, or run 
straight out until you zone into East Commons.  There 
you'll find another newbie zone, and a bit further on, 
tougher stuff (MUCH tougher stuff - stick to the first 
inn and STAY AWAY FROM THE DESERT for the first little 
while - if you need to go to the cave for some reason - 
some people give out free SoWs there from time to time - 
then look left and right before moving because there are 
skeletons and pumas and once in awhile zombies, ghouls, 
and mummies out there waiting to hurt you :) unlike 
decaying skeletons, regular skeletons will ALWAYS aggro 
on you.  Even when they turn green.  Nasty things...

Anyway.  Long post yet?  Once you get to about level 7 
or 8 you can start looking for an orc group in East 
Commons - and THIS time, I would suggest selling the 
belts instead of turning them in, since they go for 
about 3 or 4 plat each (at least on my servers).  Once 
you can kill cats and bears, also keep your eye out for 
HQ pelts - the cat pelts go for about 3 plat each, the 
HQ pelts go for 30-40 plat each.

Okay, now I'm done. *g*

-- 
Lelilali
19th level shaman
14th level mage
10th level ranger
9th level shadowknight
Tarrew Marr


