From 4297905948986371726
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4360f8a6a3e9e7f9
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-02-24 12:36:22 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews1
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Monual's Quiet Place to Group
Date: Mon, 24 Feb 2003 14:14:03 -0600
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 79
Message-ID: <b3dudt02357@enews1.newsguy.com>
References: <b3dktm017m7@enews1.newsguy.com> <Xns932C73E3D2E8Demptiedoutcom@216.168.3.50>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-266.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:267003

"Empty" wrote:
> I thought you guys were sworn enemies of our local Seussies?

Well, as in all feuds, there are people in our guild who rabidly hate the
uber-guild, and vice-versa.  There are also lots of people who think
individuals in the other guild are all right, and vice-versa.  And since our
two guilds are not in direct competition for any mobs or zones, there's been
no need for friction.  That may change now that we're getting RTzW enabled.

I myself tend towards the "rabidly hate" side of things.  Mostly it's about
the utter contempt and lack of respect the uberguild holds for everyone
else.  There was someone who got what was to them a nice drop in the Plane
of Disease and proudly showed their new loot in /ooc.  Some other people
immediately responded, calling them noobs and talking about what a lousy
piece of junk that item was.  Even before I got the results back of a /who,
I knew they were members of the uberguild.

Then there were the two members of the uberguild who showed up when a few
other lower-level people were getting ready to trigger VSR and told them -
*told them* - not to do it, but to let them do it and the low-level types
could wait three days.  When the lower-level people triggered VSR anyway,
these two shining examples of the uberguild proceeded to kill-steal VSR,
loot the epic drops, and taunt the lower-level people.  And these two people
are *officers* of the uberguild.

One of those two once jumped into the Ragefire channel - set up by those who
were camping Ragefire back before they changed him - and said "RAGEFIRE
POP!" - causing a preemptive mobilization that was quickly aborted when it
was realized that Ragefire was, in fact, not up.  This after the uberguild
kill-stole a Ragefire pop from the guy who had been camping Ragefire for a
week and had a force in the zone.  Another shining example of how *not* to
build your guild's reputation.

I must say that I've mellowed a bit with regards to the uberguild.  A lot of
their most obnoxious members have quit the game and content themselves with
trolling the drinal boards.  Those that remain are, for the most part,
pretty decent folks.  But there are two folks - the aforementioned KS-ing
officers - that are still a vocal and active part of the guild.  And I can't
abide a guild that would have two such people be officers.  Heck, if they
would just dump these two folks, my opinion of the uberguild would
skyrocket.

I think they're beginning to pay the price for their reputation.  They've
had a lot of folks quit recently and are having trouble recruiting new
folks.  There will always be people who will chose to go with the most
powerful guild they can get into, regardless of reputation, but there are
still plenty of fine, quality players that will never chose to be a part of
the uberguild because of their terrible conduct and reputation.  Those
people have instead joined us (amongst other guilds), and now the uberguild
is struggling in the elemental planes while we stand ready to join them
there.  There may even come a time - heavens to betsy - that we might pass
them up.  If that happens - which it won't for a while, but the signs are
there - the uberguild will have no one to blame but themselves for abusing
their position as the most powerful guild on the server and for displaying
such flagrant disregard for everyone else on the server.  Today's noob,
tomorrow's 65 epic cleric.

I truly have no problem with ninety-five percent of the uberguild, and call
a couple of them my friends.  They're very dedicated and knowledgeable folks
who are striving to obtain the highest ideal possible within the game.  It's
for those people I'm glad our guild is allowing their folks to tag along on
flagging raids.  It's the other five very vocal and obnoxious percent that
makes be dislike the uberguild as a whole.

Well, I certainly didn't expect all that to come pouring out.  =)  I guess I
had a lot to get off my chest.  I'm someone who believes in striving to get
to the high-end content without trying to stomp on those underneath you.
That's why I'll never be part of the uberguild; they've done too many
terrible things for me to be able to align my reputation with theirs.

--
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Archon of Rodcet Nife
Winter's Light
Drinal server




