From 8008922717989857358
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,52df5c5363d89e40,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-28 03:51:20 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: You're *ALWAYS* a n00bie. :-)
Date: Mon, 28 Jan 2002 06:47:18 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C553A46.A1B9C939@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 96
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:161017

You know that great old movie quote, "Wherever you go, there you are."?
Well, in EQ it should say, "Wherever you go, there you are a newbie."
Man, the learning process just never ends. (Thank Innoruuk, or it would
get boring fast.)

Yesterday we were doing our sort-of-weekly Kael Arena raid. Did the Riff
cycle a couple times and then moved into Arena after the group in there
wiped out on Vindi in left.

Now, our guild is far, far, far, far from Uber. We're still trying to
get trained into a cohesive raid force, learn tactics, get better
equipment, get everyone on good CoV faction, etc. so Kael is ideal for
us. We've also started launching xp/exploratory groups and full raids
into more higher-end zones (Velks, Seb, Hole, Sirens, CS, etc.) But
we're still a pretty small guild, and not high enough level for the end
game shit.  If we're going in without allies, we're pretty limited in
what we can do. But we were in there with four groups, almost all 50 to
55, with a couple 57s (including our puller) and a couple high 40s. We
like pushing the envelope a bit. :-)

One of the things we'd been wanting to do was take down the PoZ.
(Protectors of Zek, for those of you who haven't been there yet.) But
we'd had a hard time in the past trying to split them on the pull. Well,
yesterday we finally worked that out, and the pulling team got them
broken up and brought them in. I was SA/Tank Mezzer picking up the local
adds if they popped and we took out the PoZ nicely. (Gratz to our MA
Refuis on a nice sword. Woo Hoo!) After clearing the rest of the local
arena trash, the puller goes back for more. Hmmmmmmm... no more PoZ.
But, he informs us:

"No more protectors, but there is another pull to take."
"Take it."
"Ummm... guys, never heard of this one. He's red to me."
"What is it?"
"Guardian of Zek."

Feeling all giddy with success and full of ourselves, various shouts go
back to the monk.

"Screw it. Bring him on in. We'll toast him up nice." etc.

If you don't know who the Guardian of Zek is, you can look him up in the
Beastiary. We sure didn't. In hindsight, it was fairly impressive that
the monk made it back  to within bow range before he feigned. (Well, I
*thought* he had feigned. Actually it was the most impressive feign
death ever, as it even fooled all of us later.) But, the MA pops an
arrow into the GoZ's butt and in he comes. MA hits Defensive, wisely
thinking this guy is a bit bigger. Cleric starts a CHeal, but we didn't
even have the shammies and druids spamming him with smaller heals. 

Bottom line: MA goes down in about fifteen or twenty seconds seconds.
Lead cleric is then summoned and lasts maybe....... five seconds.

Oh, that's right! I'm the SA! I better get busy! I rush in and start
tanking the GoZ and taunting my ass off. By now the raid leader has
realized that this guy just might be a bit bigger than we thought, and
has called for the other casters to "KEEP JAKUGG ALIVE!!!". They are
flushing every bit of healing mana into me that they have, while Tiru is
pretty much just chain casting CHeals, and the rest of the Melee are on
the guy laying out all the damage they can. Sadly, he goes into a flurry
every few seconds, and while I'm somehow staying alive, he's wasting the
rest of the melee around him every time he does it. It was a rather
surreal experience watching all my friends from the melee crew going
down like that. At this point we hadn't even taken him down 10% of his
HP.

Again, in hindsight, it was pretty impressive that I remained standing
for the minute or so that I did. But by the time the raid leader called
for Tiru to camp out, (last cleric alive) everyone was running OOM and I
was dropping fast. I'd have to check the log to see just what this
bastard was hitting me for, but he was quadding for a lot. I had maybe
3700 HP with my regular SA buffs, and obviously wasn't going to last
long. I went down while Tiru still had ten seconds left to camp. I
suppose the GoZ doesn't much care for clerics who CHeal, because she was
then summoned in and stomped like table wine grapes. A couple of casters
made it out, but pretty much the entire raid party was decimated.

Lesson learned. Research the damned zone better when you plan on moving
deeper in, and don't pull red mobs that you've never heard of unless
you're just feeling adventurous. We had an "interesting" CR, but managed
to get everyone up before the rez clock ran out.

Every time you try to step up to the next level in this game, you're a
newbie all over again.

/em sighs, clearly disappointed that we didn't get the Statue of Rallos
Zek. Of course, he probably would have smoked us like salmon as well,
but at least he's only level 59 where the GoZ is apparently 66.
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
Braellaen: "Does anyone know the approx hit points of a rhino?"
Kirstin: "7. But they're *big* HP."

Thurgadin Quest Armor Guide:
http://myweb.servtech.com/~thegeorg/eq/thurgadin.htm


