From -547843294901714202
X-Google-Thread: fb739,907e07da929a6ced,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!wn14feed!worldnet.att.net!attbi_s04.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <40E68380.DCBC1738@nowhere.net>
From: Darren Chriest <notme@nowhere.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.08 [en] (WinNT; U)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Funny Everquest Stories #8 (For a long time, necromancers...)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 91
NNTP-Posting-Host: 67.168.79.2
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-Trace: attbi_s04 1088848772 67.168.79.2 (Sat, 03 Jul 2004 09:59:32 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 03 Jul 2004 09:59:32 GMT
Organization: Comcast Online
Date: Sat, 03 Jul 2004 09:59:32 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:8566

For a long time, necromancers have had the reputation as the ultimate
in evil professions.  They consort with dark powers, torture the
living, and enslave the dead.  They even use strange vampiric powers
to suck the life force right out of another person.  The epitome of
pure evil, right?

Not so fast.  When you look at the true picture, you see something
vastly different.  Necromancers aren't the true evil in this world -
Enchanters are.

Lets look at some examples of evil-doing by necromancers, and see the
myriad of ways that enchanters outdo them.

First, there's the pet thing.  Necromancers, the grubby little
bastards, will gleefully pull your dear old Uncle Fred out of the
grave and turn him into their everlasting slave.  But really, Uncle
Fred wasn't busy right then, and might appreciate the chance to walk
around a little and get some exercise.

Meanwhile, the innocent enchanter in the corner charms you, and has
you methodically slaughter the rest of the family. And the neighbors.
And maybe even little Timmy down the street.  And then, to put the
evil little cherry on top, the enchanter will wait for the charm to
drop, watch the horrified expression cross your face as you realize
what you've done, and then kill you.

Second, damage spells.  Here the necromancer has a wide variety of
ways to kill you.  He can infect you with a disease, poison you, cause
your blood to heat up, mess with your heart, and even turn you into a
skeleton.  None of these are a particularly pleasant way to die,
certainly much worse than getting incinerated by a mage or frozen by a
wizard.

But the enchanter is no slouch in the agonizing death department,
either.  He's got two main attack forms.  The first is to choke you to
death, slowly and agonizingly (think Darth Vadar in the beginning of
Star Wars).  The second is to fire a bolt of pure energy into your
target's brain, causing blinding spikes of pain to flare throughout
the victim.  And then, the enchanter waits for the pain to almost
completely abate, and the poor victim to believe they're free of the
torture, before he/she fires off another bolt of agonizing energy
(think the Emperor at the end of Return of the Jedi).

Third, the Vampirism issue.  True, necromancers have a wide variety of
spells that steal their victim's health or energy and give them to the
caster.  But this is counterbalanced by the wide variety of spells
they have to give their very own vital health and energy to other
people.

Meanwhile the enchanter also has spells to drain others of energy.
However, unlike the necromancer's eco-friendly spells, the enchanter
carelessly disregards the energy he siphons.  This uncontrolled energy
release straight into the environment is clearly the cause of the
environmental shifts seen recently in Norrath, particularly the
rainfall in the deserts and the increased fog banks.

Fourth, the "consorting with dark powers" accusation.  This is a PR
issue for necromancers.  I mean, calling a spell dark pact has
negative connotations while calling the same basic spell, say,
cannibalize doesn't.  Or calling a spell snare instead of clinging
darkness.  If the necromancers would pony up some of that hard earned
loot for a good PR firm, this problem could be fixed in a heartbeat.
Unfortunately, the average necromancer is too much of a loner to work
well in a group fix this issue.

Now we get to some of the real evil that enchanters do.  It starts
with the illusions.  Who wants a grubby little high elf peasant scum
to visit their home in the better parts of Neriak?  Spying on them,
chatting up their friends, and generally making a nuisance of
themselves.  Keeping the high elf riffraff out is, after all, what we
pay the guards to do. But the illusions render our poor, underpaid
guards incapable of doing their job and keeping the lower classes in
their proper place.

Last but certainly not least, is the most insidiously evil set of
spells the enchanter has at his/her disposal.  I refer, of course, to
the mind-altering spells.  These come in two basic forms, the "memory
wipe" and the "attitude adjustment".  The memory wipe will allow the
enchanter to erase the memory of all of the pain and suffering they
have caused you, usually so they can do it again and a later date.
The attitude adjustment, actually a sophisticated form of
brainwashing, will cause you to be aware of the enchanter's action,
but to rationalize them away. (Little Timmy was rude. He deserved to
be slaughtered.)

Now you realize the true depths of the enchanter's evil.  Of course,
is doesn't really matter, as the Attitude Adjustment Team will be
knocking on your door shortly, and you won't remember a word of this
essay, except that enchanters are the best thing to ever happen to
Norrath.



