From -5409411356948541825
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bd77f92acb9b141c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 28 Jul 2006 07:06:19 -0500
Date: Fri, 28 Jul 2006 08:06:17 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Spell list for a combine SK
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <NOydnWqr-tImYFTZnZ2dnUVZ_qqdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 91
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.56.7
X-Trace: sv3-tRm1ja4Hs5tvKwXYyGTXdnm015LEE9FexskulzXUws0nL3m0sNacrAz3XPnOR6sTNR8eZ/POPNg3qqO!34P5YmlD1UzvWhqbc1EykW6QUT8f1kNa+icGoiN7ejHpUl9fsbBffYOTPju7UVFVesZH1FOTRqW5!IZwt/g3U
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3415

On the Combine server, we're lacking many of the spells available on 
normal servers, as they weren't added till later expansions.  One 
exception to this is the Terror line of spells; like Breeze and the low 
level bard clarity song, these were moved to the Mass Enchant spell 
vendor in EC.  Oddly the comparable paladin spells Cease and Desist were 
  not put there and as far as I know, are not in the game.

At any rate, the question was raised as to what I use as a spell lineup. 
  I currently have Two spell lists saved, one for solo and one for 
group.    I swap some other spells in and out on occaision, but don't 
have dedicated lists for them even though I'm aware its more efficient 
to use lists even to change just one spell... just lazy I guess.

In a group:

Lifedraw
Terror of Darkness
Terror of Shadows
Clinging Darkness
Engulfing Darkness
Shadow Vortex
Heart Flutter
Feign Death

Solo:

Lifedraw
Fear
Heat Blood
Clinging Darkness
Engulfing Darkness
Shadow Vortex
Heart Flutter
Feign Death

If I were fear kiting, I'd swap in Incite Fear for Heat Blood, and maybe 
Dooming Darkness for Shadow Vortex, but I find fear kiting too mana 
intensive thus far (that KEIless game), and tend to stick to easier mobs 
that I can kill with lifedraw as all the healing I need.

Why two Terrors?  Because the recast timer on terror is longer than the 
overall spell refresh timer, having that second terror up means less 
time till I can terror again.  I haven't noticed any difference in 
effectiveness between the two, and so always cast the cheaper one when 
its available, but I've had to resort to the second terror often enough 
that it seems worthwhile to put it in the lineup.

Why two Darkness?  Again because the recast timer on darkness is longer 
than the spell refresh one, and often when you need a snare, you need it 
ASAP, so if there's a resist, cast the other one.  This pair is a little 
different, though, in that Engulfing is higher damage and more 
importantly longer duration, so there are situations where its my first 
choice and Clinging the backup, on the other hand I'm often hurting for 
mana and only interested in the snare to stop runners, so in those cases 
Clinging gets the first try.  Dooming Darkness, on the other hand, I 
haven't yet found a use for; its high mana cost and long cast time don't 
seem to be compensated for by its only modest increase in damage and I 
haven't particularly needed its longer duration (haven't tried it Fear 
kiting yet, where it might shine)

Shadow Vortex and Heart Flutter are on my list because they provide some 
spearlike effect, adding aggro and increasing melee ability to do DPS 
while (in the case of Vortex) increasing my tanking ability.  On the 
other hand, this is more an artical of faith than anything practical, 
thus far I don't really notice a difference either way, so I only use 
them if I'm flush with mana.

Heat Blood is in there to add some DPS when soloing, I generally pull 
with it and then don't recast it, as I probably won't get the full 
damage per mana out of it if I cast again with the mob partially dead.

I'd very likely ditch several of these spells in favor of Spear line 
spells if they were out, as it stands, I swap in Grim Aura on occaision 
to buff myself up, and sometimes run Siphon Strength instead of one of 
the other spells as another attempt to boost my DPS a little.  Neither 
seem to have noticable effect, though, so more often than not I don't 
bother with them...  except that being a mere gnome, I sometimes use 
Siphon Strength to allieviate encumberance problems.

I also run with my pet much of the time, which is to say whenever I'm 
not the puller and sometimes when I am; if the mobs are casters or I 
frequently get too many, its usually more trouble than its worth.

Most amusing thing is when I'm soloing and accidentally grab too many 
mobs, have to FD, my pet stands there fighting (which is the reason I 
don't bother when facing frequent overpulls) but gets mezzed... suddenly 
  there's nobody the mobs are interested in fighting, and when the mez 
wears off the pet is still indifferent... its like his own FD!

Berg, 45 SK, Combine



