From -5578530906892678727
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b087bd68999351bd
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!news-hog.berkeley.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Jazz <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: My analysis of where GoD went wrong.
Date: Fri, 28 May 2004 08:06:55 -0400
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10bear4qd3j4iec@news.supernews.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <c958mm09uo@news4.newsguy.com> <0Gwtc.10795$nJ6.704@nwrddc02.gnilink.net> <5vbdb0lh06qk8nngfq3itoqgb91ko9sut7@4ax.com>
In-Reply-To: <5vbdb0lh06qk8nngfq3itoqgb91ko9sut7@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 63
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:3971

Ben Sisson wrote:

> No. The dumbing down was a real issue. The problem is you can't go
> back now that you've done it. The playerbase has changed and laziness
> set in, and now too many people think that if they're not grinding or
> raiding they're wasting time or there's too much "downtime".
> 
> It's too late to go back to what EQ was like before now. They tried to
> do so with GoD and that was a mistake. An expansion like GoD might
> have been great back before PoP (ignoring the balance and technical
> issues). Would definately have been better received.

Congrats, Ben. You've just identified the poison running through the 
veins of EverQuest and stated it perfectly.

The dumbing down seriously *WAS* an issue, IMO, contrary to the previous 
poster's thoughts. The difficulty level of EQ and the resulting feeling 
of reward once you finally "made it to the top" is what gave the game 
it's legs. That's gone now, and it's like virginity. Once you lose it, 
there's no going back. They can't crank the difficulty level back up 
across the board to what it used to be, or the vast majority who have 
gotten used to leveling to 65 in a couple months and having instant 
gratification would all quit in a massive whinefest.

If GoD had come out in it's present form right after Luclin (or if PoP 
had not had all the massive dumbing down, speed playing features it did) 
then the big guilds would have taken it in stride and banged away at it 
for nine months, beaten it, and been ready for the next one. In the 
current state of things, nobody is prepared for a hard expansion and it 
sounds like they won't stick around for it.

Remember when Luclin came out? Anyone? No matter HOW hard the big 
Velious dragons seemed ... no matter HOW long it took to clear ToVN 
using 2001 level gear and level sixty max, it was absolutely NOTHING 
compared to the brick wall of hit points we encountered in Luclin. The 
first guilds to reach Lord Inquisitor Seru and the Emporer wrote massive 
tirades about how fucking maddening they were. Having to make every 
single guild member do a seemingly endless quest to get Emp and then VT 
keys. Farming and creating bane weapons for everyone. All to get in to 
the Emp's chambers or Seru's ARX and find yourself fighting a mob who 
(with Velious level gear) would take a full raid force over an HOUR of 
constant hammering to beat down his literally MILLIONS hit point ass.

And then Vex Thall. Dont' even get me started on the endless parade of 
massive HP trash mobs, almost all of whom spawn twins of themselves as 
soon as they die, and the hundreds and hundreds you have to kill to get 
between boss mobs.

THAT was fucking EQ, man. We bitched and moaned and whined and howled, 
but we did it. And as one guild moved on, the next ones moved in, ready 
to test themselves against it.

Nobody would bother with that if you released Luclin today with 
equivalent difficutly vs. equipment encounters. We're too lazy and 
spoiled.  And again, once we got here, ya can't go back.

-- 
jaZZ

"Anyone can escape into sleep, we are all geniuses when we dream, the 
butcher's the poet's equal there."
-E. M. Cioran, The Tempation to Exist



