From -4007252224872996160
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7a888f199f16d930
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,7a888f199f16d930
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid100ff8,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-10!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg
Subject: Re: EQ2: Combat
Date: Sun, 24 Oct 2004 12:32:32 -0700
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10no0kthcphqj34@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <10nmqd4ljd9u061@news.supernews.com> <3khnn01dn82eb0sardgq3v5a3h66eaqhkm@4ax.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 163
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:20631 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:20502


"Ben Sisson" <ilkhanikeDIESPAM@yahoo.ca> wrote in message 
news:3khnn01dn82eb0sardgq3v5a3h66eaqhkm@4ax.com...

>>Since I've reached level 21 in Alchemy and there still are no Alchemy
>>recipes in the game
>
> And this game may go gold next week? Hrm.

Yeah, it's particularly annoying because I could chosen Jewelry or Sage at 
Scholar 20 and gone on to some productive testing of those systems. Only one 
other player on the server had hit 20 ahead of me, the field was pretty wide 
open with good testing choices and I was leaning toward Jewelry until I saw 
a note that Alchemy recipes were going into this last patch. The patch notes 
on patch day even said that the patch included recipes for Alchemy, and 
still no recipes in any of the Alchemy books, and no response from the devs 
on why they left this out. There are some major changes coming to the 
Crafting Events system (the icon matching game), with a new design, and I 
suspect that they're up to their eyeballs refining and preparing that system 
and didn't get around to adding Alchemy recipes. Also, it's part of a major 
dependency revamp that's simultaneously occurring. Sages, who presently can 
manufacture any 20-29 scrolls without the need of anything from anyone else 
other than a vendor, are going to have all their recipes changes to require 
Alchemists to make them their inks, among other changes. This means that 
it's a whole system level change and it wouldn't surprise me to learn that 
they held off putting in Alchemy recipes until they finalized all parts of 
the system.

> All these things were things that made one player in other games
> *better* than another. Knowing who, how, when, and where to pull,
> which to kill first, what was more dangerous, etc etc. What you've
> described is a system so dumbed down even an idiot can stand equal to
> the best and do just as well. Three quarters of the 'fight' was
> knowing *what* to do, not just doing it.

And that hasn't changed. What has changed, and what I think causes the a 
reaction like yours, is that the model is *different* from what you and many 
other EQ'ers are used to. In EQLive you needed pulling strategies because 
the objective was to split off mobs so that you and your group would only 
have to fight ONE mob at a time, and then there were emergency strategies 
like offtanking for handling adds if and only if necessary. Often, the mere 
presence of an add or a failed split resulted in shouts of "RUN, RUN RUN", 
or even worse, an FD that essentially gave a free pass to the group to try 
again. You can call this more strategy and a basis for distinguishing good 
players from bad, but I call it a different system that worked well for its 
time. This isn't how EQ2 is designed. With this sysytem, the world isn't as 
simple as you and your team vs. one mob at a time. The game is designed for 
you to fight multiple mobs at once. You see it in the solo instanced class 
quest encounters that designate 3 simultaneous linked mobs as a Solo 
encounter; you see it when you try to fight the Sonic Shriekers up on top of 
Vhalen's Tower and the smallest group is a linked group of 7 mobs; you see 
it in the final step of the Shattered Vale access quest when you visit Holly 
Windstalker's grave and out pops NINE mobs that are all linked and all aggro 
you at once point blank. No, there's no getting off the hook with a single 
pull or an FD here, your full mettle is tested in your ability to handle a 
mob of mobs. Your suggestion that this somehow diminishes the need to know 
*what* to do and distinguishes the good players from the bad, is not at all 
what I've experienced. Quite the contrary. Instead of the game being dumbed 
down for a full group fight vs. one mob because someone successfully split 
the encounter, here you must deal with the full encounter as it was intended 
and you'd better be on your toes.

> I would not be pleased with a system that doesn't give any incentive
> to take a better player over a mediocre one.

Nor would I. See above, I'd like to hear your thoughts why a system that 
requires you fight full encounters rather than thinned out ones would have 
this effect.

> Though I suspected this might be the case.

Careful. Don't let your apparent preconceptions against EQ2 drive you toward 
unwarranted conclusions. I had many of the same thoughts that you did 
approaching this system until I started playing it. There's no lack of 
challenge in the battles simply because there's no mob splitting, it's 
simply a different set of challenges. I've learned this through play 
experience, not reading messages. Give it a shot and see if you don't feel 
differently after you've tried it.

>>Mezzing is still as useful as ever but seems to be much more limited since
>>only enchanters get it and there aren't that many chanters around.
>
> Sounds dangerously close to reinventing one of the cogs of the holy
> trinity.

Until you stop and think about what I've said above. In all my 40 levels of 
experience (this is my 2nd post-20 character) I've only grouped with an 
enchanter twice. Mezzing, like slowing, is useful but it's not required. 
There's a big difference. I'm surprised at your reaction here because in 
your other messages you've talked positively about the elimination of crowd 
control and the dynamic of fighting multiple mobs at once vs the existing 
model of crowd control in order to limit exposure to one mob at a time. Here 
is a system that effectively delivers this by creating a model of combat 
that doesn't allow splitting, that forces you to deal with multiple mobs at 
once, and which doesn't provide a lot of support for crowd control (at 
least, not that I've seen at my level). And your reaction is to accuse it of 
dumbing down the game. /boggle

>>2) The recent announcments of the impending class specific changes coming
>>that will further distinguish all players from each other and give us a
>>variety of choices for enhancing our characters in different ways that 
>>will
>>have different impacts on the combat model.
>
> Once again, this is just coming in and the game is rumored to go gold
> next week?
>
> Releasing first isn't a benefit if your game is fucked up or missing
> huge elements when you do it. All you do is drive people to the other.

The release of new systems and changes late in the cycle is not something 
that most of us like to see. Part of this is because it may indicate that 
there's uncertainty in the design or a lack of direction. But that view is 
based on an old model of software development that's been in vogue for 
decades, the monolithic single-big-design model of software development. 
That's how Boeing writes software and it's how software development is 
taught in most Computer Science departments these day. However, modern 
thinking on software development is changing this model in favor of a more 
incremental approach to development. Do a google on "Agile software 
development" and check out some of the new thinking. Under these systems 
that favor incremental, iterative development, the monolithic, single big 
design concept goes out the window for several reasons. First, because it 
renders product stale because by the time the monolithic design reaches the 
marketplace without the flexibility of late stage changes, a lot of it is 
simply no longer competitive and lacking in features that have become 
desirable during late stages of development. If your single monolithic 
design didn't include these new features, you're hosed. And second, because 
it complicates testing enormously when you build with the mentality that the 
entire system is a monolothic unit that must be fully regressed and managed 
as a monolithic unit if anything in it changes. To be competitive in the 
current market, software development MUST evolve to the point of better 
supporting late stage changes that are a market reality and move us away 
from the old model of monolothic, single big design.

Agile software development seeks to replace this old model with a new model 
that focuses on smaller subsystem development and infrastructure development 
that actively *supports* late stage changes to design. The Agile movement 
has gained enormous traction recently and software development is benefiting 
enormously from it. This is good thing.

The question here is whether these late stage changes are the result of a 
healthy, incremental process that is Agile-based, or if they're the result 
of a floundering development team that's zigging and zagging their way to a 
final release. Without being part of the development team I have no way of 
evaluating this question other than trying out the results when they're 
delivered. That's the only test that matters, and my point in this 
discussion is that the fact of late stage changes in an of itself is not 
necessarily an indication of anything. I will grant it usually indicates 
trouble, but that's mostly because in the majority of cases, it *is* the 
result of mismanagement. But it can also be a sign of good, healthy design 
and on this point the results will speak louder than either of us.

-- 
Winterfury
Dwarven Mystic & Alchemist
Loyal Citizen of Qeynos

Descendant of the Elder Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie





