From -4227745338266445850
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d358a0383a23e86
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 19 Dec 2004 08:14:18 -0600
Date: Sun, 19 Dec 2004 09:14:18 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: A day in AO
References: <GoOdnVE3IK435FncRVn-iw@dejazzd.com> <1n79s0h2cbt3a98evj86q4v6svje04c0pv@4ax.com> <Ma6dnRac26NjIVncRVn-sA@dejazzd.com> <qb2dnarNI972eVncRVn-hQ@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <qb2dnarNI972eVncRVn-hQ@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <-pKdnazQVKMnEVjcRVn-uQ@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 120
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.129
X-Trace: sv3-st5cckq3aAdac9+3Xb1a0HoFcdDTwpduVGnYNvnQpK00MBb/JSFKUNo4FQZM1o/VtXK6/oz2yg+d6hC!KpCECwtUgn9SdvP3NwjYpcbfwaJlSqh95ogQ+yj2wWP9GPSqYEblKrMKYcgE6bpszynJX88dnktg
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:27258

Played my Adventurer some more lsat night, got him up to level 6 on the 
newbie island, at which point many of the mobs went grey (one exp per 
kill), and most of the others were green, including the bosses.  Still 
bunches of drops off the bosses, which were fun to kill, but I wish 
there was more trading (or any) going on on the island, because most 
items weren't really useful for my character, many were restricted as to 
profession or clan/omni, and even those that weren't were not 
necessesarily suited to the choices I'd made.  People working together 
could do a much better job gearing everyone up.

I think part of what prevented people working together like that is that 
the OOC channel is apparantly game wide, rather than just hitting one 
zone.  That is handy because it gives you access to everyone easily, but 
it discourages the local "us guys in this zone" sort of camraderie that 
helps get working together off the ground.

At any rate, there's a blank spot there, where you've got green and grey 
mobs on the one hand, and on the other hand, the mobs near the exit are 
all still red.  I guess with a group you could stay here killing the 
reds and level up pretty far, I never managed to find a "team", I think 
the people who did team up did so because they had entered the game 
together, RL friends or buddies from other games.

I tried out the newcommer armor, joined Omni and got a badge, the trick 
here is to open the tradeskill window, put the armor piece in target and 
the badge in source.  Nice thing is, this shows you what the result will 
be before you commit to doing it... and if you don't have the skills or 
whatever for the combine, it will tell you where you are lacking.

Oh, there are two quests on the island, one for the clan medic Elsa, and 
one for the Omni commander; although it looks like you should do both, 
in fact they have very tiny exp rewards and don't lead to any more 
missions; each gives you an identical shoulder item, but one is usuable 
only if you join clan, one only if you join omni... if you are going to 
be nuetral you needn't do either, and if you know which way you are 
going, you only need do that quest to get the reward.  Not that there's 
any harm in doing both.

I thought about hanging out longer and going after still more named, or 
doing something with the quest the vendor gives you, but I couldn't 
figure that one out, and exping up solely on names is tricky.  Oh, I did 
find that the Rollerrats stopped aggroing on me with level.

Went out the Omni exit, where I found myself next to the Subway.  Rumor 
has it that place is for teams, I was surprised not to find any of the 
trade stations that were right next to my Clans character in his start 
zone.  More on this in a bit.

I wandered down the road, found a little area with a bank and mission 
terminals.  Dropped some items in the bank (space is at a premium, and I 
have some items that I won't be able to use till I level more), and took 
my first solo mission.  After tweaking the sliders around to my 
preferences, I had 5 choices, each spelling out story details and 
detailing which reward I'd be due on success, on top of whatever loot 
dropped inside.  Much more direct than the LDoN points system, and a lot 
more useful at low level; in LDoN I found you had to do dozens of 
missions before getting even a little beyond the "junk" level.  Here, 
you're getting useful stuff immediately, every mission.


The map doesn't scale, and its huge, so finding my target on it was 
nearly impossible.  When I did find it, I discovered that moving 
recentered the map on myself; ouch!  But you can get the direction of 
the mission on your compass, like LDoN missions, whereby its just a case 
of navigating around obstacles and following your nose.

Entering my mission zone, I found myself with a few halls and a bunch of 
rooms to explore, mobs seemed to be relatively easy to kill (at medium 
difficulty) and alone.  In addition to the mobs themselves, which had 
some drops, there were also lots of chests and such to open up for more 
loot, One was locked and I had no way to get in.  Each kill upped the 
chance I'd get an Omni token for my efforts, another reward system.  The 
goal of the mission was lying on the ground in one of the rooms, 
apparantly this is the norm, its possible for a stealth oriented 
character, or one with plenty of speed, to run in and snatch the goal 
without any fighting.  I cleared the place out, instead.

Near the place I'd recieved the mission was a place to register my body, 
I guess I changed my bind point to there (haven't died yet, so its hard 
to tell).  Also there was a hamburger stand, where I was able to sell 
off most of the stuff that dropped in my mission.

Went back and got a more difficult mission.  This time I noticed (and 
maybe it had just escaped me before) that on my way to the mission I 
apparantly ran into a PvP area, there's a grace period where you can't 
be attacked, but I wasn't able to get to my mission point within that 
period.  I guess the Atlantean server, and possibly all three servers, 
are PvP over large stretches. Not that I was ever attacked, but it seems 
it can happen.

This mission was sort of the same, different mobs, and harder, yellows 
and oranges, in a couple places in pairs; the mobs do aggro although not 
over long ranges, single pulling is possible with a ranged weapon and a 
little care.  The reward I was trying for this time was a nanocrystal 
that would give me a new ability, sort of a spell.  Came close to death 
a couple times, but squeeked by, got my reward... which I hadn't read 
well, I leveled up to 7, spent my points, and then when I got the 
nanocrystal found I didn't have high enough skill in a couple places to 
use it!  Oh well, I have it for when I hit 8.

Sold stuff off again, shoved a couple more items in the bank, and went 
off exploring.  The big buildings I see everywhere -look- interesting, 
but I couldnt' actually get into them.  There was a bar, sort of like 
the hamburger stand.  Finally I found myself back at the place I entered 
the area from, next to the subway, wandering around there I found an 
area with odd pink bubbles in it, went thru them and zoned into the Omni 
city... which is where the item vending machines are.  Nearly everything 
here costs 5 digits, 6 digits, far more than the 6k or so I had 
accumulated.

I also found the tradeskill items vendor, and the implant surgery thing; 
I can't actually build implants, and the ones I have on me don't do 
anything, but I know how to install them if I get them now.

Thats where I logged out, still just fiddling around.

Dixon, 7 Adventurer, Atlantean
Quaffle, 6 Engineer, Rimor
Borax, 3 Enforcer, Atlantean



