From 1316791922240363519
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cbe5cf1f35ed21e7
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-17 16:53:36 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!c03.atl99!cyclone2.usenetserver.com!newsfeeds-atl1!newsfeeds-atl2!news.webusenet.com!elnk-atl-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!stamper.news.atl.earthlink.net!newsread2.news.atl.earthlink.net.POSTED!7cc0a16d!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3FB96D8D.D5B9925@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <anniebenlen@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: EQ2 Beta
References: <Hccub.416892$pl3.408798@pd7tw3no>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 108
Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2003 00:53:36 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 63.157.28.136
X-Complaints-To: abuse@earthlink.net
X-Trace: newsread2.news.atl.earthlink.net 1069116816 63.157.28.136 (Mon, 17 Nov 2003 19:53:36 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2003 19:53:36 EST
Organization: EarthLink Inc. -- http://www.EarthLink.net
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7874

/quote from Moorgard, the EQII community guy


The press release for this offer was scheduled to go out today. Due to a
miscommunication, it was released prematurely (and briefly) in a Lords of
EverQuest patch message. When our people realized that the patch message was up
too soon, it was removed. Of course the message was quickly circulated on the
Internet, but despite that fact I can't comment on press releases until they are
official. So here you go. 

Below is part of the actual press release: 

Players who purchase Lords of EverQuest and register the game on SOEGames.net
(using their EverQuest account) before 11:59 p.m. PST on January 3, 2004 will be
eligible for a special phase of the EverQuest II beta. Additionally, current
EverQuest players can receive an extra 30 days added on to the end of their
current EverQuest subscription by participating in this promotion (see details
below). Lords of EverQuest is expected to ship to U.S. and Canadian retail
stores on December 2, 2003. 
... 
In order to participate in the special phase of the EverQuest II beta
(tentatively scheduled for Spring 2004), players must have an active EverQuest
account throughout the special phase of EverQuest II beta. Players who purchase
Lords of EverQuest will find an offer inside the box outlining all of the terms
and conditions, as well as complete instructions on how to take advantage of
this unprecedented offer. 

While it was unfortunate that news of this offer went out early, it was hardly
what we'd consider a major blunder. Nobody was fired or locked in a stockade
over it, despite the outcry of some people on this board and elsewhere. And
there was no dark conspiracy behind the fact that I didn't comment on the
matter; I simply can't discuss press releases that aren't officially out there
yet. 

There seem to be two main points of unhappiness in the threads concerning this
offer: first, that we have delayed the release of the game; second, that we
shouldn't offer a spot in the EQ2 beta as part of the marketing of another
product. 

In response, I'm going to point out a few facts. 

1. I have been saying for quite some time now that our release date is sometime
in 2004. I've posted this multiple times on multiple boards. The official FAQ on
our Web site was updated to say "EverQuest II will launch in 2004" on September
12. In spite of this, some of you continued to hang your hopes on earlier
release date discussions and preorder pages from online retailers. While that is
regretable [sic], I nonetheless cannot be more specific about a release date. 

2. We have a schedule for when the various phases of beta start, and nothing has
changed that plan significantly since I've been here. It's obviously not the
schedule some of you would like, but we're not going to rush something out the
door to satisfy that demand. 

3. The marketing people have a job to promote our games in the marketplace, and
choosing to cross-market some of them is their call. While I see no need to
apologize for that decision, I should point out that the notion of using one
product to market another is hardly new. It's like announcing that an exclusive
trailer for a highly anticipated movie will be shown in front of another film.
Is it designed to boost sales? Of course. That's the job of marketing
departments. 

4. The LoE offer is purely optional, as is the Legends offer. Neither of these
offers (Legends or LoE) impacts your chance to get into beta in a negative way.
You have *exactly* the same chance you did before, at *exactly* the same time
you did before. If you choose to take advantage of one of these offers to get
into beta, that's entirely up to you. 

If you're mad or disappointed by the company's decision to make this offer, all
I can say is that it's a reality of marketing. Again, let me be clear: this does
not hurt your chances to get into beta one iota. We're going to be inviting tens
of thousands of players into our beta, and any Legends/LoE customers who choose
to participate will be in addition to the number of regular beta invitations
we're going to send out. 

If you're upset because we aren't releasing the game when you thought we were,
then all I can say is that I've been trying to prepare you for it. I've said
several times that we deliberately weren't giving a specific release date
anymore--just 2004. We understand that you're anxious for the game, but we're
even more anxious to deliver a quality product that is stable, solid, and fun. 

/end Moorgard quote

   I sorta have to agree with 42, this is a bit tacky.  It would have been nice
if SOE had taken the high road, and didn't link a guarenteed [sic] slot in beta
with spending more money on SOE products, even if Moorgard does stress that this
doesn't affect regular users chances to get into beta. 

   What the heck is Lords of Everquest anyways?  A PC game of some sort?  Single
person version of the game?  No, that can't be.   Really, I'm lost here.  

   Personally, I'd love to be in the beta, but I know that probably won't be. 
Which is probably just as well.  The temptation to blab about it here would be
just awful.
--
Annie

To join the alt.games.everquest chat channel type /join serverwide.age:age 
If you want to stayed joined, then after that type /autojoin serverwide.age:age

Currently playing:
Teapray-- 46 High Elf Cleric on Firiona Vie

Teamort-- 16 Dark Elf Necromancer of Lanys T'vyl

Lentea-- 31 Ogre Beastlord On Firiona Vie

--
If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


