From 1251234031630984863
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c9e4d11a4396a01d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-14 18:06:45 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!arclight.uoregon.edu!enews.sgi.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Ethical slaughter in EQ
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <tr76vt8dsau74prtpubbhtvkt4d85pcimm@4ax.com>
References: <3bf308f5@itsawnews.its.rmit.edu.au>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 85
Date: Thu, 15 Nov 2001 02:06:43 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1005790003 24.3.225.40 (Wed, 14 Nov 2001 18:06:43 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 14 Nov 2001 18:06:43 PST
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:135827

On 15 Nov 2001 11:14:45 +1000, A Shelton
<ashelton@yallara.cs.rmit.edu.au> wrote:

Snip not killing naughty/aggro to start races preference:

>It's all morally relative, mostly role playing, and open to
>negotiation if they're the sole owners of astounding loot :)
>On the other hand it might be cool to be one of the few
>adventurers who's not got an entire race seething with hatred
>at them.
>
>This partly started with the fairies in Feydark. Not only are
>they cute, but if I don't kill them they won't kill me. I can
>live with that. There's enough hostile stuff in each zone that
>I can't see it being too much of a limitation.

Eventually your ethics go out the window based upon loot. When low,
yeah you can roll play that all you want since you can kill gobs in
lake omen or something instead of aviaks in sro (who are only kos by
default to ogres and such as far as I know)

For example, when kunark first came out my wood elf druid was max
warmly with sarnaks while most people were not (probably would have
been allied but it was not around at the time) She got that way by
killing slaythe (an autospawn quest mob) in misty over and over again
while bored at level 48 or so since it raised Iksar (non real faction)
and sarnak (real faction on all outdoor sarnaks, but of no help in
chardok) 

So, she was warmly to all sarnaks outside except for the Chancellor in
lake of ill omen because I thnk he alone is on a chardok faction. What
she did was use this to her advantage and kill that chancellor over,
and over and over again while his buddies just stood there being
warmly to her. After she killed the chancellor, they then all killed
his dog then she calmly medded up amongst them. Eventually she took to
killing the outdoor sarnaks outside of chardok because once again it
was easy since they were warmly to her. It took until level 55 for
them to finally all get to threaten so now the jade prod is harder to
get since all the chancellor's buddies also aggro on her.

I pretty much roleplay her as a naughty wood elf mercenary druid who
figures what Tunare doesn't know doesn't hurt tunare. She befriends
evil factions if it suits her and kills good ones if that suits her.
She doesn't do the plane of growth because she needs those factions
for her epic and some quests there. Basically if you ever watch Buffy
the vampire slayer, she is a lot more Faith than Buffy.

I almost go the exact opposite of you and devestate stome "good"
factions while then taking delight with the fact that I'm probably one
of the few wood elf druids in all of norath who is allied with dismal
rage in the freeport sewers and soon to be non kos with the evil opal
dark briar down there even. This happened because I one day discovered
I was only glower to xelha the necro down there while in wolf form =
several hundred bone chips later I am their buddy even in my own form.
This is of course totally useless except its fun to see and evil
class/race do a double take when i'm just sitting down there doing a
quest or shopping.

Meanwhile my dark elf cleric of innoruuk goes the opposite way and
devestates many evil factions such as bertox naughty guild in qeynos
she eventually started okay with while getting max allied to many good
ones. I just find it fun. She is my born of evil but just wants to be
loved character. My latest project was raising Primordial Malice to
amiable, a faction comprised of those new dark elves in mountains of
rathe who are trainers, while killing the previously warmly or amiable
dorn and gix until they were apprehensive and primordial went from
glower to amiable. Dorn and gix are very naughty to her new friends
though so they had it coming and if they indigo brother hood and the
dead are still silly enough to like her that is their problem. 

My troll sk is about the only purely evil or good character that I
play, since it CAN'T get in good with most good factions since it
starts too poorly. It found it was threaten to start with the kitties
in stonebrunt, a faction which can't be raised except by questing
which of course she can't do because of faction. So she started
wholesale murdering them. She is my log on to work off steam
character. I may eventually be killing thurg dwarves with her and make
her my sole friendly to kael character. Currently she uses their town
since the giants are threaten.

Ethics are things I have to live by in real life, in this game I love
going nuts.

Email: dstephenathomedotcom
Find the @ and the . if you really need to.


