From 8686957615913422738
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bc7a7f3aa677b1a3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-18 09:58:07 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3BA77BB7.4465ED41@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Do I need trade skill?
References: <sWxp7.29101$KV3.2421666@bgtnsc04-news.ops.worldnet.att.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 101
Date: Tue, 18 Sep 2001 17:04:03 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 207.44.115.89
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1000832643 207.44.115.89 (Tue, 18 Sep 2001 13:04:03 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 18 Sep 2001 13:04:03 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:118825



Young Lee wrote:

> I'm a lvl 9 bard. Should I start training a trade skill?
> Or should I just concentrate on leveling up?
> Is it possible to make some money with trade skill?
> I see many wealthy players and wonder how they
> accumulated their wealth.
> Could someone give me some tips?
> I'd appreciate it.
>
> Thanks,
>
> Young Lee

The sad truth is that by and large the trade skills are
a waste of time unless you enjoy them.

Smithing can make you some money once you've
invested several hours and a couple hundred pp
into it, selling banded armor to players.  Trouble
is, you don't make any exp or skill advances while
you are smithing and (more time consuming) auctioning
to find customers.  It can be even more profitable
if you spend the couple days of game time and couple
thousand pp to get your skill up to FS plate levels,
but again at the cost of time spent fighting critters
which also yields loot as well as exp and skill boosts.
Cultural armors are, by and large, so rarely in demand,
and so hard to put together ingrediants for, that they
aren't a route to wealth at all.

Tailoring, other than making items for your own use,
is largely a lost cause, few people will be willing
to pay well for tailored items short of some of the high
level velious stuff; well, there is sort of a market for
Wu's gear now, which is comperable to the banded
armor market...

Fletching is hard to make money at, although if you
are a archery capable class it easily yields much better
arrows, and with some effort better bows than anything
you can purchase off the shelf... or even for some time
loot.  Not many people use archery to the full extent
its capable of, unfortunately, and those who do are
almost all fletchers themselves, so there's little by way
of a market.

Jewelry can be lucrative, again if you are willing to
sacrifice your combat time to sit and auction to
sell it. Unfortunately, its difficult for anyone without
an enchanter in their back pocket to make the
stuff players want; not pretties (for skill increases
on things being sold to vendors, you don't need
an enchanter) but actual stat/save increasing gear.

Cooking isn't exactly lucrative, but its cheap and
useful to you, you can make use of all the "bear meat"
and so forth that drops, and better still can make
stat enhancing food or (my favorite) food that lasts
longer, so you don't need to carry stacks and stacks.
Ideal for this latter are fish rolls: a bat wing and a
fresh fish combine to make a food item which counts
as a "banquet meal" which lasts about seven times
as long as a regular storebought ration, and even if
you don't kill the bats and fish the fish yourself, the
ingrediants are cheaper than a ration from a vendor.

Fishing can actually make you small amounts of
money, or if you are really willing to work at it,
yeild Cobalt Cod (fished in Cobalt Scar, not a trivial
journey at your level) which sell for about 10pp
each to very high level tailors working on their
skill (and making some very nice shaman only armor)

Tinkering, Poison making, and Alchemy are all
class or race specific skills you don't have access to,
none are particularly lucrative, either.

Begging yields even at the very highest levels only
the occaisional coin off your victims, its essentially
one of the biggest wastes of time in the game.

Pottery is helpful occaisionally for poison making,
alchemy, smithing, cooking, and for all I know
tailoring too... but its dead easy, and most people
who are seriously working on one of the other
skills will just do the pottery themselves, you won't
see many clients, other than people working on
the cooking segment of the coldain prayer shawls
quests.

Alcohol Tolerance is of course the most important
skill in the game, unfortunately its capped at
a 200 level, even for a dwarven cleric!  I've petitioned
this numerous times, but so far no response.  Hard
to make money at it, of course, other than in drunken
newbie races across Kelethin, but you'll be so
drunk you won't care!



