From 6434935050495826156
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,977c9f1ffb0a4dc7
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-06 05:18:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeeds.belnet.be!news.belnet.be!colt.net!dispose.news.demon.net!news.demon.co.uk!demon!alcaudon.demon.co.uk!not-for-mail
From: David Navarro <david@alcaudon.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Despondency
Date: Sat, 6 Oct 2001 12:57:37 -0400
Organization: Bavarian Illuminati Ltd.
Message-ID: <1002369512.19463.0.nnrp-14.9e984627@news.demon.co.uk>
References: <FE1Z5OAH8sv7EwtU@gaffe.demon.co.uk>
NNTP-Posting-Host: alcaudon.demon.co.uk
X-NNTP-Posting-Host: alcaudon.demon.co.uk:158.152.70.39
X-Trace: news.demon.co.uk 1002369512 nnrp-14:19463 NO-IDENT alcaudon.demon.co.uk:158.152.70.39
X-Complaints-To: abuse@demon.net
User-Agent: KNode/0.4
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7Bit
Lines: 94
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:123998

Dilettante wrote:

> Ho-hum.
> 
> Been playing EQ for nearly 2 years now. When I think about it, I'm
> astonished it's kept my interest for so long. Especially when I consider
> what is wrong with it, game-wise. It makes your life difficult from the
> start. 

Heh... but that *is* what makes it a good game... Monty Haul games that 
pamper the player like AO or Asheron's Call have failed miserably. The fact 
that EQ takes no prisoners is what's been keeping you and all of us playing 
these last two years. Still, it's normal that you are burned out. It 
happens to everybody eventually; but look back and think of any other game 
that you have kept playing for this amount of time... I think that's quite 
an achievement in the part of Verant.

> The controls and interface are clumsy and not intuitive.

That's where you are just plain wrong. The controls system is nothing less 
than a work of genius. Something as simple as making the "turn" keys become 
"strafe" keys when you activate mouselook had me in awe from the first time 
I played... And believe me, I'm a person who has abandoned games on my 
first hour of play because I've deemed that not enought thought has gone 
into the control system. And besides, it's very customizable, and you can 
always come to a control scheme that suits your style.

> Poxy
> computer generated sprites invariably outstrip the character you pour
> precious hours of your life into in ability from around level 8 (without
> serious twinking). It's tedious getting around by yourself, the zones
> (especially the expansion zones) are too large and for no particular
> reason other than to give you a fleeting sense of wonder as you stumble
> across them for the first time. After that, it becomes a chore. You can
> get friends and hire people to transport you, but I don't particularly
> enjoy bothering people for things that ought to be trivial; I'm paying
> to be entertained. Treks across miles of land aren't challenging,
> they're boring.

You may be saying that now, but believe me, if your life had been made much 
easier (say, with a Firepot Room in every city), you wouldn't have been 
playing EQ for this long. Right now, the tedium of travel makes you weight 
whether you want to move or not move from where you are. That amounts to 
what game designers call "an interesting decision". That makes gameplay 
compelling... You curse, but you keep playing. 
 
> Still, I have done quite a fair bit. Slain countless enemies, including
> Dragons, Giants and Gods. Travelled, quested, and acquired a small
> fortune in equipment in money. There's still lots of things I could do,
> but the pointier weapons have lost their charm, and the armour it's
> lustre. The game has taken up far too much of my time and energy.
> Several times now I've stayed up well into the morning of the next day,
> just to further the causes of myself and my friends and comrades.

I can totally understand that... It comes a time that, no matter how good 
the game, you have to weight the impact it has in your real life. I've been 
at that point many times. Part of the reason I'm so reluctant to join a 
guild is that I like to be able to just log out whenever I feel bored. In a 
guild, there would be always something fun to do, and the last thing I need 
is to sink even more time into the game.

> Ah... my friends. The people I encounter. It's the people that transform
> this game from a Sisyphean 3D Pacman into an enrapturing social
> smorgasbord. Arbitrarily enforced community or not, the people in EQ is
> the biggest hook.

Well, duh, that's the whole point of a MMORPG, isn't it? It's not like 
Verant would gasp in amazement at that observation...

> That said, no game should cause you to think while trying to have a good
> time "I'm wasting my life." No game should put such unreasonable demands
> on it's players' time for the return it gives.

That's being unfair. If you are playing the game is because you are having 
fun. If you aren't, you shouldn't be playing. And if you are having fun, 
the game is doing its job properly. The only return the game is asked to 
give is the elusive concept of "fun", and the universal undestanding is 
that if you spend time in Norrath is because you are having more "fun" 
there than in the equivalent time in the Real World. If the opposite is 
true, then a) you need to quit EQ, or b) you need your head examined.
 
> I haven't played for weeks. Think I'll log in to help with a plane raid,
> and see how I feel.

Heh. I rest my case.

> Have fun.

You too... Both in Norrath and elsewhere. 

-- 
Hanrahan Thornhide, Druid
Parsifal, Bard
Rhialto, Enchanter                                  Fennin Ro


