From 4869970930939888852
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,707b749f05d51dbf,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-05 13:04:58 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "John M Clancy" <spark@spark.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: My Updated Wishlist for the EQ and new expansion
Date: Fri, 5 Oct 2001 16:05:30 -0400
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <trs4j9ahfmkccc@news.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 462
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:123866

Ok, here is my wishlist for EQ.
Thought I would throw it up on the NG and
get some comments before I send it to Verant again.
Many of my previous suggestions were added (no doubt they were
obvious and suggested by many others but still...)

Having played the game for a while I think the game could be made even better.
I have kept a list throughout my time playing of suggested changes I think would
help make the game even better. Obviously some of these changes would have to
wait until the next game because they could not be implemented in a patch
or expansion.

Many of these suggestions are just improvements to decrease repetitive or
needless button clicking in the game. I am a big fan of interface tweaking
and anything that improves the ease of use and gets me back to playing the
game is a priority in my book.

I am sure this list will grow as I play more but I thought I would post it
to get others opinions and thoughts. Comments are welcome.
-------------------------------------------------------

If there is a quest in the game that cannot be completed because the full
quest has not been implemented or there is a bug please remove the quest
giver or make them stop giving out the quest until it is fixed. Very
frustrating to try and complete a quest and find out it can't be done.

When servers are down for any reason have a message in the game log-in
screen itself. Why do we have to go to a separate web page? Right now it
says: "try again later" giving no indication that the server is down or
how long it will be down, or why it is down.

Need more than 2 open containers at a time, at least 4.

It would be nice to be able to print out a character's stats and items.
Perhaps just to be able to export it to a text file.

Please add the tenths digit to the total weight carried display. This would
be of great benefit to monk characters.

Thrown weapons like throwing spears, axes and Javelins should do a lot more
damage since they are lost when thrown. Or perhaps the weapon should
appear in the Mob's loot when killed.

For the next game or future added buff spells make the spells add a
percentage of the PCs hit points and/or AC instead of a set amount. This
would prevent high level people from buffing up and spell-twinking low
level characters and power leveling them way beyond their original
capabilities. The buffs would still help but won't vastly over-balance
them. This would allow you to make more powerful buff spells without
having to worry about them being used abusively. Perhaps even based on the
level of target.

It would be nice to be able to spend some money to buy some extra space
in the bank. I'm a pack rat and like to keep and collect lots of items for
quests and trade skills.

For the trade skills can it be possible for those things that stack (like
making brewed items, arrows, Metal Bits, and various baked foods) to make
20 at a time? All that mouse clicking gets painful if you want to make a
lot. You could add some sort of a progress bar so that making 20 at a time
takes just as long to do by this method as it does doing it one at a time.
It just saves people from getting CTS and RSI. =)

Add a button to the bank to instantly change all coins up to the highest
denomination in both the bank balance and in the player's inventory.

All NPC merchants/shopkeepers should be able to change coins into other
coins not just the bank.

Please add a druid/wizard Teleport somewhere in the western part of Antonica
like Qeynos hills or Everfrost.

Add a /WHO GROUP command that lists group members levels and class, This
would of course negate the /anon and /role-play settings. This would be a
great help in quickly determining the make up of a group without you
having to ask everyone or doing a /who on everyone.

When an incorrect item is given to an NPC for a quest or given to the
wrong NPC the NPC should not accept the item but give it back to the PC.
[coming soon I think]

Add a character's pet's health bar onto the screen.

When zoning into an area do not let the character appear in the game until
the player has complete control. Several times I have died when I zone
into an area and a monster has been attacking my character and I die
immediately through no fault of my own. There should be a few seconds
(3-4) of invulnerability to give the player time to leave the zone if
there is danger or at least defend themselves. [I think this was improved
somewhat, but it still happens]

NPC shopkeepers, merchants, and quest givers should move back to their
stations quickly after attacking something. There are many times I have
gone to a shop vendor only to find out they are stuck in a wall or far
away from their selling 'zone' because they attacked a monster or a PC
hit them and ran, so that I cannot interact with them. These NPCs
sometimes remain out of position for hours, days or require a petition to
get them restored.

For the Wizard class I suggest adding a pet different from all other
classes pets. More like a familiar that is a small, flying and spell
casting pet. It doesn't have to be very powerful just helpful. It should
not have many hit points. Small creatures like a fire bat, Imp, Pixie,
Bixie, or drake. These pets would cast small de-buff and damage spells,
they would not engage in melee or do very little damage in melee.
[coming in SoL expansion I think]

For the next game how about a little more detailed and logical
inventory/item system that takes into account not only weight but also
volume. Why does a Large Bronze Breastplate take up the same space as a
ring? Why does a single stackable item weigh the same as 20 of the same
item?

When leveling it would be nice to gain 1 point to add to the basic
statistics of STR, STA, DEX, etc. This would help after any mistakes are
made in the creation of new characters. But only allow a certain maximum
to be put into any one ability. Perhaps this could be implemented in the
next game.

Chat text scroll window: Use MS-Windows conventions- Page at a time when
clicking between the arrows and the slider box. Constant scroll when the
arrows are held down.

Can you make it so that we can examine the stats screen that shows the
experience bar and abilities while meditating? Currently switching to this
screen stops meditation and makes the character stand up. Below level 35
that is.

I like that the wheel on a wheel mouse can scroll the chat text window.
Can this be extended to work with the Tracking window and Merchant
windows as well?

The chat window should have full text editing like delete, insert, home, end.
[Some added but more is needed, using backspace to delete is a pain]

It would be nice to split the chat window into 2 separate windows. One
window would contain the player communication tell/shout/ooc/auc/group/guild
messages and the other window would contain environment messages from the
game like spell casting, melee attacks, skills, damage shields, etc. This
would be a great help in the game to prevent missing messages because they
scrolled off the screen due to the battle messages in heavy battles.
[coming in SoL expansion I think]

To help reduce the battle messages can you combine the 2 messages we
receive when a monster hits our damage shields into one message?
For instance:
 dreaded wolf was hit by non-melee for 20 points of damage.
 dreaded wolf was burned.
Change to:
 dreaded wolf was burned for 20 points of damage.

I would like to be able to check the /who list for zones I am not currently
in. Like "/who southkarana all count" This would let me see if a zone is too
crowded without having to actually go there. I don't need to see any names
or who is in the zone, just a count would be fine.

It would be nice to show a progress bar when loading zones. Right now the
screen just freezes and its hard to tell if the zone is loading or if I
crashed, locked-up or disconnected.

For the definable social buttons: I would like to be able to edit a current
button's text line without having to re-type the entire entry. Also, can the
line be made a little longer?

For the definable social buttons: I would like to make the button NAME
longer. Currently there are only 6 characters allowed. The buttons
are large enough to accommodate 3 lines of 6 characters at least.

More spell icons need to be added and changed, too many spells look too
similar. Icons for offensive and defensive spells should look vastly
different. For instance the druid spells like SoW which looks like Snare
and the Thorns damage shields that look like Root.

Since the game will not tolerate a task switch (alt-tab) to the Windows
desktop there needs to be a way to take notes in the game since we can't
access a word processor. Having hand written or printed notes is so archaic
and silly when I have a multi-thousand dollar computer at my fingertips.
[added a /note command but its too limited, no way to display in game]

Key Ring: Keys should not take up so much room in the inventory. Once a
character gets a key it should go onto a key ring. Then this key ring can
be picked up and 'Used' on a locked door/portal to open it. Saves having
to search for the correct key all the time. A right-click-hold on the key
ring would display a list of all the keys on the ring.

Scroll Case: Have a way to save the information from books/scrolls that
are read in the game to a special scroll case or book on the character so
that the player doesn't have to keep the book and take up inventory space.
This could also be used for trade skill recipe books and scrolls in the
game. You could have special NO DROP recipes that could only be combined
if the character actually has the recipe in his book in the game not just
researched from a spoiler web page. This would allow special NO DROP
magical recipe books for trade skill quests and items.

Have a different method of alerting the player that the target is out of
range when attacking in melee. Flooding the chat/message window with:
"Your target is too far away, get closer!" is not good. Something like
a flashing target icon on the screen. Same thing for when self is targeted
"Try attacking someone other than yourself, it's more productive." and
for when you move too close to (or inside) a monster "You can't see your
target from here."

Need larger arrows to switch between the hot button panels. Make them at
least as large as the hot buttons themselves. Also, need keyboard keys to
step-switch(next panel, previous panel) between panels. The Shift+# is too
cumbersome it should be a single key, not a 2 key combination.

Certain game commands should have a version that is context sensitive to
the target like: /tell [target]. Also some commands should
work while embedded in the body of a message like: Smeagol tells you
'Where the heck are you?' (you type: /tell Smeagol I am at /LOC)
You tell Smeagol 'I am at -2034, 2358'[/whotarget added]

Need a copy and paste for the chat window. Good for the people with long
names. It would be nice to click on a name in the chat window and have it
appear on the edit line.

Need a central auction house in each town where I can place an item up for
sale with a price. Then other players can look through the items up for
sale and if they buy my item they pay for it then and take the item. Then
later I return to the auction house and pick up my money minus an auction
house fee of say 5-25%. I suggest that only 2 items ever be allowed in the
auction house per character to prevent people from using it as a bank.
[may be coming in SoL expansion, Bazaar zone, I think]

Need to improve targeting. When I click on something in a crowded battle
that thing should target. If 'I' can pick out the enemy I need to target
with the mouse then the program should be able to target it. Many times
clicking on something on the screen will not target, because something
else is in the foreground, sometimes its not even visually overlapping the
intended target. This is especially a problem if there are many corpses
around. This is VERY frustrating.

Shade items red when looking in a store/merchant that cannot be used by
the character due to class or race or level restrictions. You can still
buy the item but it's just a visual warning to let you know that your
class/race can't use it.

Need some continuing visible graphic indication for some long duration
spells like Root, DoT and Mez spells. This would let people know that
a monster is currently under attack by someone else. There have been times
when I accidentally stole a kill from someone because I did not see that
another player had it Mezzed/Rooted/Slowed/Snared/DoTted.

Don't let monsters die high up in trees or buildings. Make the bodies fall
to the ground. Very frustrating to work hard to kill something then not be
able to loot it. Also, don't let things die 'inside' of objects like trees
and walls where looting is not possible.

Need ALL screens to be displayed FULL screen in larger resolutions:
800x600 and 1024x768 etc. [Coming soon I think, some were added in Velious
expansion]

It would be nice to have an awards screen and quests completed screen.
This would allow the addition of things like promotions and medals from
your class guild, GM quests, special awards or titles from city officials
and royalty. Looking at this screen would give the player more of a sense
of accomplishment as the character progressed through the game.

Along with the above screen would go a kill list on another screen showing
a breakdown of all the slain monsters in a character's life. Also a list of
the characters deaths and what killed them.

Languages don't seem to have much use currently. It would be cool if there
were certain quests that needed you to speak a certain language to complete
it. Also some NPCs should only speak in certain languages.

Why not have different weapons do different damage based on creature type.
Like skeletal type undead that only take half damage from slashing and
piercing weapons but take full damage from blunt weapons?

Let everyone fish while on the boats.

The gnome tinkered item the Collapsible Fishing Pole is currently no
different than a regular pole except that it's a little smaller and costs
quite a bit more. I suggest making it unbreakable and maybe adding to the
fishing skill.

The spells that summon temporary light globes like Fireflies, Starshine,
and Halo should not be NO DROP items . I have many times wanted to give a
light source to a non-casting human, barbarian or erudite when they die
and need a light source to get back to their bodies. We can give other more
powerful summoned items to other players why not a simple light source?
Since these are no-rent items that disappear when you log why have them
no-drop as well?

Spells: Many of the spells in the game become useless as a character gains
levels and they just become clutter in the spell book. For the next game
rather than having hundreds of spells that replace lower level spells, have
a few spells that increase in power as levels are gained. You can still
have characters buy/use spell scrolls that they must use to 'upgrade' a
spell.

I would like more voices added to the game. So far the only one I know of
is the beggar one. [some voices added in Velious]

It would be fun to be able to change the expression on the face of a
character to reflect mood and emotions. Smile, frown, fear, etc. next
game maybe. [coming in Luclin expansion]

Need an in game 'email' box to receive official replies to things like bug
reports, feedback and petitions. So many times I send these things in and
I never know if they reach their destination. How do I know someone got my
message? How do you know I even sent one? Maybe it's broken for some
people? Who knows.

For the next game have small triggered voice/sound files. These would be
similar to the canned emotes only using sound. Things like male and female
voices saying things like "HELP!", "Look Out!", "Run!", "Now!", "Hail"

In the next game (EQ2) there needs to be some sort of an event recording
device built into the game for the GMs and Guides. Basically everything in
the game should be recorded and saved. This way when GMs are petitioned
about things like lost items, bug deaths, kill stealers, and harassers the
GMs can 'go to the tape' replay the events in question and see what
actually took place. Or some sort of an event log file that is on the
server and completely un-hackable.

An idea for kill stealing is to take into account the damage received from
a monster as well as done to a monster. Also, take into account who struck
the monster first.

Need better pathfinding for monsters. Running through or over buildings
and trees is bad and really breaks the fantasy immersion into the game.
Why can't they walk around objects?

Get rid of the EULA at start up, I should only have to click that once per
game installation and whenever it is changed or updated. And have a way to
get rid of the 2 splash screens and the movie at the beginning. I should
only have to hit esc once to get the main game menu. It would also be nice
to have the option of having the game remember your password.


About Skills:
============

New skills: Jumping and running.

New skill: Climb walls/trees. Possibly Rogue only.

New skill: Skinning/Tanning. This skill would improve the hide/pelt/skin
quality obtained from animals killed. Possibly limited to rangers.


New suggested trade skills:
===========================

Woodworking: Makes fishing poles, lumber for bows, boxes, wooden shields,
spear hafts, arrow shafts, staffs, wood instruments, clubs, axe handles,
torches.

Weaver: makes cloth items, bandages, cloth armor, sacks. [Bandages and
bags added to tailoring]

Scrimshaw/Carving: make ivory items and jewelry from bones, tusks, teeth
and fangs.

Cartography: This game really needs some sort of an Auto-map, so why not
make it a skill? For a great automap example look at the Ultima Underworld
auto-mapping feature.

And my number one most wanted suggestion:
============================================
Less Downtime:
The higher level I get the longer my down times become the less I am
actually 'playing' the game. I am always constantly restarting a new
character so that I can play the game more and not sit on my virtual butt
staring at a spell book or doing nothing. I suggest that you make every
monster in the game give out HALF of their current experience and double
the spawn rate of those monsters, and double the healing and meditating
rates of all the classes. This would let you spend more time fighting
monsters, casting spells and 'playing' the game without really leveling
any faster. Taking into account skills/level/class/abilities/items it
should NEVER take longer than 5 minutes to regenerate to full health and
mana. This is long enough to go to the bathroom and grab a snack. =) Next
game perhaps?

=====
Suggestions that were already added to the game from this list:
=====
-Group damages added to help prevent kill stealing.
-Need to be able to re-arrange the spells in a spell book.
-Need to be able to log chat text to a file.
-When right clicking on a container to show the description, list the
 weight of the container and the other information like LORE NO DROP just
 like  normal items.
-Need a way to disable Spell casting messages in the chat/message window.
-Log in server should be separate from chat server.
-Need to be able to look around while meditating for spell points. My
 character is meditating, not me. There is no reason I should be bored
 staring at a spell book. [Added for 35th level casters, but should be
 lower, should be 20 for casters and 30 for hybrids]
-When in a group and when a character loots, the game should broadcast a
 text message listing what the items are to the WHOLE group.
-I like the new change to the foraging skill that allows you to forage
 different food based on location. This could be extended to the fishing
 skill as well where you could catch different types of fish based on what
 zone or body of water you were fishing in.
-There are too many places you can click a container to move it, you
 should have to click and HOLD to move something, on just the top of the
 container window not click once anywhere. Just like MS-windows conventions.
 [clicking on top of container only now]
-The "/who all guild XXXX" command should list every member of your guild
 ignoring the /anon and /role-play settings. [Added for role-play]
-Let the text colors be user configurable.
-Player Smiths should be able to make arrowheads.
-Need a way to disable/filter the Duel announcements.
 [much improved with less duels]
-When logging the text to a file allow the user to specify the name of the
 file on the fly like: /log test1.txt. Also, automatically close the file
 when switching characters. [added per character separate server and log
 files]
-New spell suggestion: Gate Other, this spell would send the target back
 to his/her bind point. A yes/no box would pop up to prevent an unwanted
 send. This would let the caster classes help melee classes.
 [added as a high level wizard spell]
-Get rid of the "so-and-so is inspecting you..." message. What is the
 point of this message? So they are looking at my stuff? Big deal.
 [added switch to turn this off]
-Need more definable hot (social) buttons. [Added in Velious expansion]
-When I stun a creature I would like a feedback message stating so.
 [note: added for stun spells]
-Add a button to buy 20 items at a time to the merchant screens to buy
 stackable items. [Shift-clicking now buys and sells an entire stack]
-On trade combining kits like the sewing kit and the fletching kit please
 move the 'Combine' button to the top of the kit.[made it so trade containers
 don't 'eat' items when incorrect recipe is used.]
-For summoned items and link death. Because of link death summoned bags
 are almost never used. How about making them on a timer so that they last
 a certain minimum amount of in game time after linkdeath. This would still
 let it stay beyond a link death but it still would not be permanent.[added]
-When a monster casts a damage spell on me it would be nice to see how much
 damage was done just like melee damage is shown now.
-To get people to spread out and play in more zones allow casters to bind
 the melee classes in some other places. [3 new bind points added]
-I want to see all the numbers for the all statistics in the game for my
 character. Specifically, I want to see the skill numbers and the number of
 mana points. [added skill display for skills over 100, still need mana]
-Save the location of each container when its closed so that it opens up
 in the same place every time.
-Need a way to place an item into inventory directly from the full screen
 view. If an item is on the cursor right click should drop it into the
 inventory. [improved with new inventory overlay screen]
-Need to be able to transfer items to containers when they are in the bank.
-Quivers are currently useless. Other containers work the same are cheaper
 and can hold other items besides arrows. Make them equipable into the ammo
 slot. Magic quivers can increase the slots. Or have the expensive tailor
 made quivers very light and have 8-10 slots. Perhaps even increase the
 stack limit for the arrows in the quiver?[Quivers now lower bow delay]

Thanks for listening and adding these! It's one of the main reasons I keep
playing this game, it keeps getting better and better.


--
Go here and click every day:
http://www.thehungersite.com







