From 6734395403140302395
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b76aee22558f406b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mobhunter Article: The Myths of Class balance
Date: 11 Oct 2004 20:41:35 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 112
Message-ID: <1097552495.496982.141710@z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 69.140.70.205
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1097552499 9347 127.0.0.1 (12 Oct 2004 03:41:39 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 12 Oct 2004 03:41:39 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com; posting-host=69.140.70.205;
   posting-account=WDcinhMAAADcvkKBmXXfehYblo0NN7Cr_KfkHiVTV22R7IgxdvF6Yg
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:19124

The Myths of Class Balancing

by Loral on October 11, 2004

A couple of weeks ago I wrote about five meaningless terms of
Everquest. One of these, Class Balance, is so overused that it now
defines just about any problem one has with one's class. There is no
such thing as class balance and if there were, we'd have no defined
classes. There are nuggets of truth within this chaotic topic, however,
and once we know what to ask for we can learn how to ask for it.

While there is no class balance, there is class tuning. Many of us
focus on a particular class and with the time we've put in, we know
bits and pieces of our class that under-perform.

Every class has advantages and disadvantages when compared to other
classes. This should always be true. Adventurers depend on each other
and always should. If we could all solo our way to 70 with greater
efficiency than in a group, we would. Dependency forces us to group to
progress and grouping is what makes Everquest different than any other
single-player role playing game.

There are four main archetypes that current Everquest classes fall
into. Powerful efficient groups require each of these four archetypes
in order to battle at the best of their ability. These archetypes
include healers, crowd controllers, tanks, and damage dealers.

Groups should not depend on any one of the sixteen classes. At worst,
they should only require one from each of the four archetypes in order
to group well. For the most part, this exists today. A group can earn
excellent experience and a shot at some nice loot without any
dependency on one class.

Now it is possible to have an ideal group. It is possible to have a
perfect combination of classes that outperform a group of a different
makeup. Again, this will probably always be true and even after
extensive class tuning, will end up being true in some other
configuration. Even if some sort of widespread class evaluation took
place, equipment, AAs, and the skills of the players will always create
imbalance between two different groups.

Here is one of Loral's Key to Happiness: Forget about the numbers.
Throw away your damage per second parser. Ignore the experience per
hour you hear people acquiring in Fire. Enjoy your class and your
skills and go where you desire to hunt. Constantly worrying about the
damage per second of your character and only hunting in the most
profitable zones leads to boredom and anger.

This Key to Happiness is superseded by Loral's First Rule of Happiness:
Have Fun. If you like delving into the numbers, go ahead. If they lead
you to believe your class is worthless and weak and you end up spending
days arguing with monks on the class boards, best to leave them aside.

When I brought up the topic of class balance with my editor, we decided
we'd take a look at rangers. He plays a wizard and I play a cleric so
we had to go to his wife, the only one we know personally who plays a
ranger. When we asked what her top five ranger issues were, this is
what she came back with:

- Rangers aren't big enough.
- The starting city is too hard.
- Rangers are a mishmosh class.
- After years of playing she is only level 24.
- Rangers get no respect.

I bring these up to show how perception changes our focus. You may
think you're the voice of all rangers when you argue that the Epic 1.5
should be a bow, but you really only focus on high-level rangers
capable of accomplishing the quest. The more narrow your view, the
fewer people you help. While focus is fine, we should not lose sight of
the bigger picture.

For the class correspondents I have one piece of advise. Always
consider the class at all levels. Don't focus on only the highest level
of the game. Classes have problems throughout their life and problems
between level 30 and 50 effect more players than those at 65 and above.

So how can we help SOE improve our classes? First, consider what we ask
for. If it bleeds into another class consider what impact it may have
on them. If the impact is little, perhaps it is a reasonable request.
If it impacts a lot, best to think about it further. The best chance
for change is to focus on skills that do not dramatically effect the
class.

Second, use your class correspondent. Find out who they are and what
their issues are. They work with SOE directly to make sure top class
issues are known. If your change is really as important as you think it
is, you shouldn't have a hard time convincing them about it.

Third, speak in detail. Don't complain about your classes overall
grouping benefit. Pick the abilities that require improvement and focus
on them. When I read over the class requests on the EQLive forums, I
see mixes of specific requests (Turn Undead needs to work better) with
general ones (Clerics need a secondary role). Guess which one I'd fix
first?

Like every other topic we bring up with SOE, avoid constant negativity,
avoid threats, avoid woe-is-me statements about how your class is dead.
No class is dead. Every class is still well represented on every
server. Every class has use. Every class has advantages over others.

Above all, we should keep the whole game in mind when we consider
changes. Vast ranges of players, classes, levels, and zones remind us
that we have a huge world. SOE should always consider focusing on big
changes first and smaller changes second. While SOE cannot ignore class
changes, it is the large changes that improve the game the most. I
would sacrifice Turn Undead in a minute if it meant we would see a new
corpse recovery option.
Loral Ciriclight
11 October 2004
loral@loralciriclight.com



