From -7669564871907807613
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ada0f487d52bc074
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-11 07:25:05 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!dispose.news.demon.net!news.demon.co.uk!demon!black.hole-in-the.net!sui
From: sui@black.hole-in-the.net (Suineko)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: New Ragefire sucks
Date: Mon, 11 Feb 2002 15:24:31 GMT
Message-ID: <slrna6fohe.vgi.sui@black.hole-in-the.net>
References: <3c67d092$1_1@nntp2.nac.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: black.hole-in-the.net
X-NNTP-Posting-Host: black.hole-in-the.net:194.159.1.90
X-Trace: news.demon.co.uk 1013441071 nnrp-02:16813 NO-IDENT black.hole-in-the.net:194.159.1.90
X-Complaints-To: abuse@demon.net
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.6.2 (OpenBSD)
Lines: 109
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:165390

>I'm sure some here will think I and my guild are assholes, and that we 
>should have killed Ragefire for the other cleric, and that's your right.  
>Maybe that would have been the best answer overall, but I don't see anyone 
>suggesting that guilds kill Sev for whomever has kept a twink camped in EJ 
>for 72 hours.  Anyone have any words of wisdom?
>
>Arolpin
>conflicted bard

Yep. It sucks arse. I've been very lucky with my guild so far, but this
weekend we had our first similar experience.

Our warrior was camping the sev spawn. Insanely. He had 4 friends keeping
him company and had been there for a long fucking time - like 6-7 hours -
when a warrior from another guild zoned in, sat down on top of him and
claimed the Sev camp.

Some to-ing and fro-ing ensued, until their guild begain to port in en
mass to claim the camp, stating that "no single person can claim Sev",
despite the fact thats precisely what they'd intended to do until they
realised someone else was there first.

So, we gathered in force too. By the end of it they had about 40 people
there, we had about 50, and we had about twice their number of level 60's
and an overwhelmingly strong 6 person kill group; they'd refused to discuss
sharing, etc, until such time as they realised we actually overpowered
them and at that point they offered to roll to see who got the spawn.

Given our warrior had been there first, and theyd attempted to steamroller
him and failed our guild leader was in no mood to see that happen and
we began the cold-eye-stare of ridiculous pointlessness. OOC was catty,
but largely friendly, people on both sides knew each other and lots of
"this is frikken ridiculous" type tells got sent back and forth as
90 people sat on their arses doing *nothing* for a no show dragon.

Eventually they got bored, realised they couldnt win, whatever, and ported
out.

So, of course, did we, keeping this time 15 people there telling each
other stories and essentially wasting their time. 

Sev didn't spawn.

Next day:

Our warrior is *still* there. Utterly insane, but there you go. The same
guild ports in to start claiming the sev camp for themselves. Cue replay
of night before. This time they petition claiming a disputed camp, the
Guides come, have no way to verify logs of who was there first and force
a roll - at this point they have 16 people total online, nothing like
enough for Sev, and we lose the roll.

Sucks. Arse. According to those present at the roll they told a considerably
"embellished" version of events; certainly I had personally had tells from
my friends within the other guild the night before saying that they knew
we were there first, but that one person couldnt claim the spawn, that their
warrior shouldn't have tried to and they were just sticking to the rules.

Anyway. I was appalled and sent a tell to my friend in their guild telling
him, essentially, that I thought his behaviour was appallingly bad, that
he'd lost any moral highground and that he sucked.

Hmmm. *ponders actions*

anyway, later, things get really out of hand. Sev pops. They still dont
have enough to kill him. MY guild begins to work itself into a tizzy about
how unjust it is and determines to port in to take it if they fail.

I view this as a bad idea and refuse to be a part of it [*], as do some others,
who dont participate. Our guild begins porting in and buffing for it while
they dont have the numbers. This eventually forces them to attack with
21 inadequate people - they're not as "uber" as us, and 21 aint enough.

Pretty quickly they're down to 18. 15. 12. 8. 5. 

Miraculously the cleric in their last group holds it together and they drop
Sev with the remaining 5 people - credit to them, that deserves some
respect.

But this ridiculous spawn, and the inane machismo testosterone soaked "we
will not be bullied" attitudes it engendered in my guild caused us to behave
as badly as them; I'm gonna have to tell the other guild that tonight too,
and after my preachy claiming of the moral highground I'll be eating a lot
of humble pie.

This sort of crap causes EVERYONE to behave to like assholes or to be shit upon
by anybody who wants to come along and force a roll under PnP by guides who
dont have any access to the logs and wont go on "hearsay" evidence regardless
of how many witnesses, affiliated or not witht he parties involved, there
are.

And in a game. A GAME. For christs sake, where the world can be *anything*
we imagine, its designed such that this happens.

I was staggered. It fucking sucked. I logged.

Sigh...

Sui,
Despondant Ranger

[*] for cvarious reasons, because it feels like bullying, because however
unjust it was the GM's had made a decision and I didnt wnat to be the next
Conquest, because guild chat was full of self righteous "fuck em! We
were there first, its not fair, they dont have the numbers, lets just
TAKE it. Best thing that can happen is they try, wipe out, we gave em the
chance and then get it ourselves. Or they wipe out, try again and dont get
a scale." bullshit, which while I dont think it honestly represents the
opinions of most of the guild still makes me unhappy.


