From 8254078675379171841
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b3bd2634b33b930e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-07-21 08:48:45 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!newsfeed.earthlink.net!newsfeed.news2me.com!newsfeed2.easynews.com!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!c03.atl99!news.webusenet.com!pc01.webusenet.com!fe04.atl2.webusenet.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Stephan Rose <kermos@no.bestnetpc.spam.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: OT: MMORPG
Message-ID: <aqqnhv0vir4vl1jlanskjiqkvma8u0gntg@4ax.com>
References: <k3nnhv8pa0tjfridp6kkr5ni14ufq9b2f9@4ax.com> <slrnbhnpei.1ub.faned@wyld.qx.net>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.93/32.576 English (American)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 176
X-Complaints-To: abuse@usenetserver.com
X-Abuse-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 21 Jul 2003 11:36:02 EDT
Date: Mon, 21 Jul 2003 11:46:31 -0400
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:293813


>You might get some bites if you expounded on what you already have.  Hell,
>graphics engine done, gimme $5k and I'll have a developers license on a
>graphics engine identical to EQ's.  Details, people on the internet are

LOL yea, but who wants to spend $5k if after a month, you can write
your own engine more powerful? My engine's currently at a throughput
of 4.5 million triangles per sec at 150-200 FPS. And I actually expect
the FPS to rise once my artist stops thinking we're living in the
lands of the giants, and scales objects to the proper size, and which
results in proper fillrates. :) He made the little mistake of drawing
things according to 3d studio's grid, not units, not realizing 1
square = 10 units. :)

Gotta love a 60ft tall bush :) 

>skeptics (who wouldn't be after being told you need a bigger penis by the
>son of an assassinated Zambian prime minister?).

ROFL, actually I had the funniest spam mail the other day. They're
starting to put like random subjects now in e-mails for their spam to
make them l look like authentic e-mails and one of the latest one just
cracked me up. Subject line read "This is bullshit..." followed by
instructions on 3 more inches lol. Truthful spam I guess :)

>
>Might I suggest a website.  There's a reason the web became so popular. 
>It's very good for things just like this.  :)  Then come here and post a
>link with a little description.  If you've got something good, you'll hear
>it.

Well allright here it goes. :) No website up yet, really no need for
one yet. Though I will probably put one up in the near future once I
have more content, and can start posting some reasonable screenshots.

Here's some details on the game so far.

It'll play in a fantasy world similar to EQ, this is why in particular
I'm looking from input from the EQ community. And what I mean by that
is, you got your standard set of characters, dwarves, elves, humans,
variations of that, etc. And probably a few uniques down the road. 

It will be zone based as well. I have played with the thought of using
a terrain engine, but decided against it due to a few factors,
including startup time of writing all the associated tools required to
create a world for a terrain engine, ability to customize areas, etc.
Much easier to just dump a zone into memory. :) I will however try to
attempt either a gradual loading algorithm to pre-load adjacent zones,
or at the very least, cache the last visited zone (given enough memory
is available on the users system).

Now, here's the things I'd particularly wanting some input on.

Skills / Levels
-----------------------

I'm considering a "classless, levelless (is that a word? :) )" system,
essentially defining a character by skills only. A class could still
be chosen by choosing a template at character creation. Kind of
similar to AC actually for those who have played it. With a few key
differences however.

1. Skills are raised solely by using them.
2. There'll be MANY skills available, and only a fraction of those,
will actually be available to choose from at character creation. Many
advanced skills would have to be discovered/learnt in the game.
3. Learning some skills, may disqualify you from learning others. Yes,
this is my tank-mage counter. 
4. To obtain new skills, they generally have to be taught to you by an
NPC. This NPC however may require either money, tasks, quests, etc.
before they are willing to do so. Faction may also be an influence.
5. Not only may certain skills influence what further skills can be
obtained, they may also influence skill caps.
6. The *ONLY* thing that influences skill caps, and availability of
skill, are skills chosen and decisions made by the player.

This system would allow a few things. It'd allow a player to create a
character for say tradeskills only, and never touch a sword (unless
they're a blacksmith of course ;) ). Since levels aren't required,
they don't have to kill to gain any. All they have to do is perform
their chosen profession to get better. 

It'd also allow for some truly unique characters, as a characters
actions, decisions, faction, and other factors, determine what skills
they could even learn beyond their basic choices. It'd also allow a
fighter to possibly have a very basic magic ability to cast that torch
spell to see in the dark, however, they won't be raining down
fireballs anytime soon.

The list of skills is going to be long, and fairly specific, going as
far as proficiencies w/ certain style weapons. Though, ideas on skills
people would like to see, would be great. I'm sure there are many we
haven't thought of yet. :)

Is this something that'd be liked? disliked? loved? hated? :)

Magic
----------

On this issue, I'm not yet sure which way to proceed. I'm in between
the standard buy a scroll, save it in your book, and cast system. Or,
create your own spell via a formula, and each component has a certain
effect, and the components combined form the spell, and the skill
level required to cast it (note that these formula components are only
required to create, not cast, the skill. In other words, no lugging
around of ingredients). To further elaborate, here's an example. There
could be a component that specifies fire, a 2nd component that
specifies a spherical shape, and a 3rd component to define the amount
of power used. So, yep, you've guessed it. You'd end up w/ a fireball,
one that could be defined w/ a variable amount of power. more power
would require more skill however. Certain components may also have to
be found before they can be used, however, they only have to be found
once in a characters lifetime. Which way, is preferable to players? 

Combat
------------

In an attempt to make combat a little bit more interesting, I'm
considering allowing the targeting of individual body components of a
target. Certain components may have an attack penality, but may result
in higher damage. Other than that, I can't really think of any ways to
make it more unique or interesting, but any thoughts are always
welcome.

Tradeskills
-----------------

As I've mentioned above, with the skill system I have in mind, it'd be
very possible to create a tradeskill only character that'd never even
harm a fly, for those so inclined. Trade recipes, will be available
via an in-game system, and higher more advanced recipes will be easily
attainable without the guesswork. Please note however, this will only
apply to the standard series of recipes, not special or quest related
recipes. Those, will have to be obtained via other ways.

I am not sure yet if I should allow creation of items w/out the
character having the recipe for it. Either way has its pros/cons.
Thoughts on this?

Quests
-----------

One word: DYNAMIC. They will change. There will be unique quests only
doable once. There will be quests doable as many times as you want,
though possibly always a little varied. As there is no experience to
be gained for levels, quests will be done for other purposes. They may
be done for an item, for a favor from an NPC (for instance, to get
that NPC to finally teach you that skill you always wanted). I don't
believe there'll be too many, if any, static quests. Near static, yes.
I really want to eliminate the roadmap walkthroughs.

Items
---------

All items, where applicable, will have a condition modifier. This
modifier can raise, or lower, stats. Usage over time, lowers an items
condition to the point where it may break. Fear not however, as they
can be repaired. And properly maintained items, will not break. Also
note, special items may not have this. :) But then again, they may. :)

In addition to that, magical items may slightly vary with stats upon
creation. 

Bottom Line
------------------

I want away from the cookie-cutter factory type stuff. I want away
from for instance having 10 warriors, each wearing the same armor, w/
the same weapons becaues those are "the best". Of course I realize
there always is a best. But I just want to allow for some more
variation of that.

This is everything for now..I'm sure I forgot to mention 80% of it
all. :) But it's a starting point...

Stephan



