From -6285208884022502868
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,fc650351f6c1f67
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-04-15 22:04:34 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: emporer@dejazzd.com (Lance)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Swarm kiting question
Date: 15 Apr 2004 22:04:33 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 149
Message-ID: <8854c397.0404152104.6c324ed1@posting.google.com>
References: <8uer705t0tthsh7uaqg9nojrfd8shebkre@4ax.com> <Equinol.14qdwy@erollisimarr-dot-com-forum.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.174.76.206
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1082091873 16646 127.0.0.1 (16 Apr 2004 05:04:33 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 16 Apr 2004 05:04:33 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:28449

Equinol <Equinol.14qdwy@erollisimarr-dot-com-forum.com> wrote in message news:<Equinol.14qdwy@erollisimarr-dot-com-forum.com>...
> Tyaan wrote: 
> > <SNIP>
> > They all run after me and I circle around so they're in
> > a small group of 6 or 7 mobs (similar to aoe quadding), charm
> > another,
> > make him attack his buddy, those two stop and fight, the rest come
> > after me.
> > 
> > Any advice on what I'm doing wrong?  I really want to learn this
> > techniqe as supposedly it's one of the most powerful techniques in
> > the
> > game, but I'm not having much luck..
> > <SNIP>
> > 
> 
> 
> I don't think your doing anything wrong, it's simply that when you send
> your pet to attack another, they have to fight a bit to agro the other
> ones (It may be because the thing attacking your pet doesn't hit your
> pet right away, so the others don't agro). You just have to circle
> around once to get them back on, annoying sure, but it still works.
> 
One thing I'm concerned about is seeing these posts shortly after a
patch; its possible that swarming has been damaged by the patch
itself.  But its unlikely, since you'd think there'd be a thousand
angry bards buzzing like bees after a bear.

More likely is that this is just bad technique or badly chosen mobs. 
The mobs -must- be social (as someone else pointed out) as your pet
will only be aggroing the mob you sic him on; he has no idea the other
mobs are after you or that you want them dead unless they hit you or
him.  And since a patch a long while back, no mobs are naturally KOS
to your pet, either, even if they hate you.  So they have to be
attacked by him directly, or "see" him attacking a buddy -and- care
about such things.  Some mobs don't mind if you whack their buddies. 
Now if you "pull" by attacking one from outside their normal aggro
range and the rest join in, you can be sure they -are- social, but the
"run close so they jump me" plan doesn't do this test for you, all it
tells you is that they hate -you-, nothing about how they feel about
things that attack the other mobs nearby.

Anyway, assuming you've picked good targets (the Walrus and Ulthorks
in EW are all social and there's lots of running room with no possible
adds nearby, so they are good to learn on, and at about the right
target level... oh and if you don't fall off the cliff its mostly
level ground which is also easier to learn in) then the rest is
technique.

There are several plans.  One is to attack a mob, then run away,
dragging him and his buddies with you, charm one, and start swarming. 
Trouble here is that the mob you first aggroed hates you a -lot-... so
the refinement is to charm him, leaving the rest just mad that you hit
their buddy.  The other trouble is that he's going to whack you one
back as you zoom out of range, possibly stunning you, breaking song,
slowing you down, and making you into bard pate' if you get real
unlucky.  Good for your defense skill though, assuming you live.

Another is to use a ranged attack for the initial aggro, thus sparing
you the indignity of actually letting them get even one swing at you. 
Again, though, whatever you attack hates you a lot.

That leaves the plan you've choosen as an obvious one: proximity
aggro.  Running near things that hate you, with a little care, leaves
you out of their melee range so you never get touched, and not one of
them hates you more than the others (and in all cases, about as little
as possible)

But there's another plan: start the swarm with charm.  Seems a bit
odd, given what I said earlier about mobs not hating your pet... but
it turns out they'll hate you for charming their buddy even as he
turns into your pet.  This has the advantage of not wasting any time.

And another even less obvious choice is the one which oddly has the
best odds of not getting misplaced hate: charm your pet elsewhere, and
send him in to a crowd.  If you do it from far enough away they won't
know you exist until -after- they hate your pet.  First to attack is a
big jump up the list.

Sadly, though, even the ultimate plan for starting the fight isn't
going to get you out of learning how to get all the mobs onto your
pet, because eventually you are going to lose him; you'll break the
charm to kill him, or he'll break it on his own and come after you. 
When you recharm him, or charm a new pet, all previous hate for your
pet is gone, so you -still- have to overcome them hating you.

SOOOO, what to do?  Well, the key is that its not just about hate (its
really hard to make the mobs hate your pet more than you before he's
managed to hit them... and in a swarm situation, he'll never hit most
of them at all).  Its also about proximity.  If they hate you a little
and your pet a bit less, but your pet is much closer than you are,
they'll go for him.  So the simplest way to get them all on him is to
run far, far away.  With Selos, you should be able to leave most mobs
in the dust... if your pet has managed to hit any of them, then
they'll all hate him a bit, so they'll turn on him if he's close
enough.

Something to think about here is position.  If your pet is at the back
of the pack then he's going to have a hard time hitting -any- of them,
and if he does get one or two to stop and play ball and the rest run
off chasing you while you create distance, then you aren't creating
the "him near, you far" situation you want.  So now you'll have to
loop back around, perhaps going for a figure 8 pattern to get them
back to your pet (near the X of the 8) before opening up distance
again.

Circles, ovals, figure 8s', all sorts of manuever shapes that involve
you running so much faster than your prey that them taking the
shortcut chords across doesn't get them to you.

Here's another trick.  Sometimes there's a particular mob you are
having trouble shaking.  I know this will go against everything that
you've learned, but one possibility is to snare (chains) him; slow him
down so your pet can catch him easily and he'll shortly give up on
you.  Whats wrong with this plan?  Well, of course once that pet is
off the leash, that mob hates you the most.  Well, what of it?  Make
-him- your next pet!  Or if as sometimes happens he's uncharmable by
you, use the same trick to get your next pet on him.

Besides adding to your bag of tricks in getting things under control,
if you were using that trick to wear down an uncharmable (and
presumably pretty tough) mob,  this plan has two additional benefits. 
One, since you're way up on the hate list for that mob anyway, you can
keep him snared if you like: then when charm breaks at least -he-
isn't coming for you fast, and while he's fighting your series of pets
he's slowed, so your pets live a bit longer (sometimes a big target in
a swarm will eat them so fast you can miss out on the break charm and
kill exp for them!).  Two, again because you are way up on the hate
list for that mob, you can feel free to chant at him.  That means
instead of just running around in circles waiting to recharm or break
charm and kill, you're doing your maximum damage output as well.  This
actually works in a normal swarm situation as well, but it doesn't
mean much, when you are comparing your damage output to that of a
dozen mobs.  Makes a considerable difference if your real target isn't
charmable though.

Another thought: If you can't ditch one of the mobs, then chant kite
him in circles around the group while waiting for your pet to get
hurt.  What the heck, gives you something to do and its not like you
were busy anyway.

In a few levels (45) get yourself a SS Bracer (I think it is), which
will let you cast a DS buff; cast that on your pets in swarm
situations and you'll find he really sandpapers a few layers off the
12 mobs beating on him while he dies, repeat with the next and they
sandpaper off even more layers of the remaining 11, so on and so
forth.  This stops mattering after a while as that 9 points per hit
doesn't mean much to mobs that are dishing out 200 points a shot...
but its fun while it lasts.


