From -2908496928540115016
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f1b6441e5bf4f774
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 14 Nov 2005 15:17:39 -0600
Date: Mon, 14 Nov 2005 16:17:37 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Off EQ again (untwinked comments)
References: <pq-dndgmdsHnyureRVn-tw@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <pq-dndgmdsHnyureRVn-tw@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <3cWdnV4kN-duY-XeRVn-qQ@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 59
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.44.16
X-Trace: sv3-MQ9tOUH1P0vW/lJ4/tScYmWLUamZPtAEkJXcQT8+RXCNyp7LL+x6oZPtXeAQPAWGRXPfpkO6qmRlL+d!cVVM2vr5kkD2TIQTvUyfRoZhOyMinTaTRw8+jblGlqLhUyVAGZfcuErQr8kLYpDEPJEXVw43
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6744



Lance Berg wrote:
> I got involved in a AGE project, making a character without access to 
> the Bazaar or any twinking of any sort, had some fun with that for a while.

That project was, I still think, a good idea; playing EQ without access 
to the bazaar or vendor mining (buying "junk" goods sold to vendors as 
not worth bazaar-ing) or twinking made the game, in a sense, new.

Its not bringing back the old days, those are long gone with ten times 
as many zones, a multitude of "balance" changes (nerfs and boosts both) 
and access to travel methods like the POK.

But its not the usual "new game" either, not for at least five years 
have people really played anything under level 55+ without access to 
gear they couldn't possibly hope to hunt and loot on their own.

I tried out several different classes, and had a good time with them. 
It was educational, I hadn't really done this sort of thing in half a 
dozen years; I played quite a few twinks, but even untwinked, starting 
over on new servers, I had knowledge of how to generate cash and what 
would make good purchases in the bazaar, so I could rapidly deck myself 
out in a "good kit".

Eventually I settled on bard, which in a way was a copout; bards don't 
really NEED much in the way of gear in order to be uber, rather, 
knowledge of how to twist and how to charm... things that aren't 
particularly gear reliant.  But it was a class I had enjoyed in the past 
and stopped due to the wrist pain, I was hoping with the addition of the 
/melody command that I could overcome that.  Yes and no, in a nice 
grinding group I could, but not really soloing, and not really when a 
group was pressed to the wall.  Part of what put me off the game again 
was, in the end, that carpal tunnel was starting to creep up on me once 
more, and if I have to pick between playing EQ and hammering out swords, 
well, Plat isn't going to feed my family.

But what really killed it for me was that it didn't really take off as a 
guild; I only really played with other people for a few couple weeks 
worth, before on the one hand I'd out leveled the bulk of the guild, and 
on the other hand people were logging in less and less often, at least 
during my play times.  The latter few weeks of play, I was either 
soloing, or grouping with people not in the guild.

In a guild where everyone was doing the same thing, we could scale 
encounters to our power level.  But grouped with "normal" twinked out 
people, the incredibly low AC, low damage output, low mana regen, etc. 
all worked to make many characters seem inferior... the bard, not so 
much, because I deliberately played an "instruments" bard, not trying to 
be main tank or DPS, jobs that at low levels a well geared bard -can- 
do.  Trying the same with a rogue, or zerker, or SK, though, I could 
really see the crack in the plan; most people, by now, expect a 
"reasonable" amount of twinking, and are going after encounters based on 
it being present.

Without a guild sized group of similarly minded players to play with, 
the plan was a lot less enjoyable.




