From -2824813081007960869
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,be5d891586a7d388,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-02-25 13:50:05 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!newsswitch.lcs.mit.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!colt.net!newspeer.clara.net!news.clara.net!newsfeed.icl.net!newsfeed.skycache.com!Cidera!portc03.blue.aol.com!audrey04.news.aol.com!not-for-mail
Lines: 63
X-Admin: news@aol.com
From: alllnamestaken@aol.commok (Daniel)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Date: 25 Feb 2001 21:44:19 GMT
Organization: AOL http://www.aol.com
Subject: To: Verant et. al.
Message-ID: <20010225164419.22485.00007957@ng-mq1.aol.com>
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:52847


I'd like to hear others' opinions one what I'm feeling about the game.

I've played EQ for onlty 6 months and it's becoming boring to me.  In my own
humble opinion, it wouldn't take that much to "liven up' the game.  Why do we
have trade skills that are all but useless?  Why bake bread when you can easily
purchase it?  Why make armor or magical jewelry for to earn a few plats, when
it costs so much and better things are dropped?  The list goes on as far as
trade skills are concerned.  Why not have the populace sell their wares to the
stores, and if nothing is sold, nothing is available.  Why not force me to kill
a bear or a few rats though I be level XX  in order to eat.  Have the food that
is prepared for by skilled craftspeople last longer than wild game.  Let us
fill up our water bag, or now bottle, at a river or lake - have us take the
risk of being made ill depending on the source of water.   In other words, for
those people who enjoy tinkering around with  needles and silk or  pots and
pans or a forge, make them valued by us.

Make a place available for people to set up a time and place to group.  I went
on screaming XX LVL (CHARACTER) LFG and there was no response for too long. 
when I was ready to log off, a guy asked if I wanted to group with him.  I
asked when he was on, and we really couldn't get it together.  Is there a place
where people can do this, but I just haven't found it?

What's all this "to do" about setting up a guild?  So what if only one guy
walks around with a guild name on his head - let him start a guild and recruit
as he goes along rather than finding the right amount of people and jumping
through hoops.  Thsi is more like trying to obtain a zoning permit in some
uptight berg.  If this is distant past or future, leave them alone jeesh I come
here to avoid all the hoops.

Second name changes:  Why not?  Why not allow me to change my last name as
often as I like?  More town hall meetings and permits needed?  Maybe I don't
really want a last name, but I want the name of a group.  I don't want a
guiild.  I just want to identify with a group who plays as they see fit.  Does
this take too much time?  Are you concerned that someone will make a nasty name
of it/ Hey, they can do it now with their first name if they're clever enough. 


Camping:  Would someone please write a new players guide or have the GMs and 
their assistants sit down and get their stories straight?   I have had a GM
"say You can't camp a zone."  Another one says, " you can't camp a rare spawn" 
Still another says " Camping is still enforced, but we refer to it as the play
nice rule.  Take turns (kids) and play nice"  If this is such a big problem,
why not set a flag so that the person getting the first hit has responsibility
for the critter.  Have others ge the message "That creaature is under attack" 
Ok, I know nothing about programming so maybe this would be a bite, and there
would have to be a way of releasing it once you realize you can't handle it. 
Hey, there ya go, this wouild force more people to group up unless they really
wanted to solo.

I think it's great that DL looks so pretty with all the leaves rustling in the
wind, but ya know what?  Many of us use tp role play by sitting in the floor
imagining the scenes.  Suer this is nice, but the more realizm that's placed in
a game, the more  freedom you'll have to give to its players or it is nothing
more than fancy pictures.

Point, do something, or if someone knows of a game that has more of these
things than EQ, please tell me.  



-------------------------------------------------------------------
To e-mail me,  take the mok off the .commok 


