From -911469548943361732
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,db0f9302959506b6,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-09-27 09:23:39 PST
Path: news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newspump.monmouth.com!newspeer.monmouth.com!fu-berlin.de!uni-berlin.de!158.36.150.237!not-for-mail
From: Celaeno <celaeno@choklit.nospam.org>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Shaman rant
Date: Sat, 27 Sep 2003 18:24:22 +0200
Organization: Art lover
Lines: 89
Message-ID: <4ibbnv05m1pie2gltk6v8coc4ost2t5db9@4ax.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 158.36.150.237
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Trace: news.uni-berlin.de 1064679813 8477382 158.36.150.237 (16 [157819])
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.93/32.576 English (American)
Xref: news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:125

I got invited to a BoT group today. We decided to take left side of
middle sands. Group was a SK, a beastlord, a rogue, a monk, a shaman
and me (a druid) - note the three leather wearing classes, and lack of
enchanter. Shaman is leader and wants us to take all of middle sand
since two of the nameds are up; we end up having a group rush past us
while 2 are afk and take only left side of it.
Now, while we are forming up and looking for a puller, two monks are
lfg. Shaman doesn't think we should get a monk, "monks suck here". She
wants to be the puller with me (the main healer) doing harmony,
because she'll take less damage than a monk. We invite one of the
monks instead of going with her idea, but I should have seen it as a
sign.
Things go fairly well for a while. I keep the SK up, monk pulls, monk
and rogue DPS like crazy, shaman does her stuff and cannis, my mana is
respectable, we even kill a named or two. Then, shaman has to reset
connection and decides the best way to log is to /q. As she does this,
one of the named wolves pops as the monk is pulling past it, so we get
that as an add, and it casts an AE effect. We evac, and as the screen
freezes I see the LD shaman standing there meleeing the wolf. She
comes back dead and sends me many annoyed tells; she thinks it's
ridiculous that the wolf would have added since it didn't spawn where
we were camped and that her 30 seconds would have been plenty, and
won't listen to suggestions that maybe she should have /camped.
A while later we see that Wybjorn is up on track. Remember the three
leather wearers? We suggest going for Wybjorn, but shaman doesn't want
to; shaman wants to sit right here and exp.
Short while later, shaman decides to help the monk pull, targets the
one she thinks he is pulling and casts on it. Oops, add. Shaman
apparently gets hit a bit while I am busting my ass keeping the SK and
other melees up with pretty low mana levels, but nothing critical (and
I have learned to ignore semi low health levels on shamans). After we
finish off the double pull, shaman asks: 'do shamans not get heals?'.
I tell her I thought she was canniing and that I have enough healing
the rest, that I have no mana source like that so she can heal her own
canni. She says getting the shit beat out of her is different from
canni (she wasn't hit that much), I say 'well, then don't cross pull
with the monk'. At this point, I start getting supportive tells from
two of the other group members, who are also getting annoyed.
Not too much later, Oreen Wavecrasher is up on track. Shaman "he drops
runes, wanna go?" Silence from the party, we talk in tells about how
she refused to kill a blue named but is raring to go kill a white
named that might have something she needs. We end up deciding to go
kill both, I tell the SK that if she even remotely budges about the
other after we do Oreen, I'll leave group.
We kill them and Hreidar Lynhillig, no runes and nothing else of
interest :) We go back to our exp spot, replace rogue and bst with two
rangers, who take over pulling. We kill for a while, shaman has to log
for a bit, and does it the /q method again. *sigh* (She also continued
casting blessing of replenishment after I'd told her I was casting it
with my tunic, another *sigh*) We're pulling fast so I generally have
less than 50 mana, which I try to spread out as much as possible
healing the SK. Then there is a resisted harmony and we get a kriger
and tyv at the same time, one of the rangers die, I try to root the
tyv in between keeping the SK up, it breaks as the shaman is casting
on it, I reroot it and ask them to step away from it, shaman dies as I
am casting a heal, the rest of us evac.
We get the dead rezzed at another group, take down another named, sit
in a corner to med up when a militis repops there, takes a swing at
me, takes some more swings at the shaman, hits her with a sandstorm,
hits her some more and kills her. Total duration: 15 seconds from it
hit me till she died, 4 seconds from she was hit by a sandstorm (which
made me notice her health, I have hits turned off to reduce spam) till
she died. My fast heal is 3.8 seconds, so even though I targeted her
and cast when I saw that, it wasn't anywhere near landing in time.
When shaman zones, she asks WTF is wrong and why I haven't healed her
once this night, do I have something against her and I had a 25 second
window to heal her in. I try telling her I focus on the others and
don't have oodles of mana to throw around, she bitches that keeping
group members alive is more important than being above 50 mana (which
was much more than I had at the time, in addition to having 4 others
that were more in need of watching in the group), she keeps
complaining that she was pounded for a long time even after I check
exactly how long it was in my logs. I end up deciding I've had it with
her group and leave.

Yes, I was annoyed at her and her entire attitude (I think it's a
school age him irl) and as it was, I didn't heal her the entire night
- the two times I did, she died first. However, I did not let her die
on purpose, and I never healed the rogue or one of the rangers either;
that's not ignoring people, that's them not needing heals. I am sure I
am firmly on her 'avoid' list now, but that's ok, because she is just
as firmly on mine.

It's funny how that monk she didn't want took hits so much better than
she did, though :)


Venerable Celaeno Duskwalker
Storm Warden of Erollisi Marr


