From -6919956780741218151
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b908ef8ca81a850e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-18 14:29:45 PST
From: "Halfpole" <Flight97@stalag13.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3B55ACAB.2D590C67@none.com>
Subject: Re: Sullon vs Vallon
Date: Wed, 18 Jul 2001 14:22:42 -0700
Lines: 115
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2615.200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
NNTP-Posting-Host: coeuruser120.bossig.com
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: coeuruser120.bossig.com
Message-ID: <3b5601cc@news.newszilla.com>
X-Trace: news.newszilla.com 995492300 coeuruser120.bossig.com (18 Jul 2001 16:38:20 -0500)
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news.tele.dk!193.251.151.101!opentransit.net!fr.clara.net!heighliner.fr.clara.net!news.newszilla.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:96567


Boat! <none@none.com> wrote in message news:3B55ACAB.2D590C67@none.com...
> Ok i heard a couple of things about Sullon thats leaves many questions
> unanswered.
> What i want to know is what are the major differences between Sullon Zek
> and Vallon Zek?
> Thanks ! ;)
>
> Boat ! :)


I haven't played Vallon (much), but I have played Tallon, so hopefully I can
give you some decent comparisons.

First, you're only allowed one character at a time.  To make a second
character, you have to delete the first one.

The teams are divided among what religion the players are, rather than on
race.  The name tags above people's heads are all the same color:  blue (or
purple if they're in /roleplay.)  The main way to tell who is on what team
is to /con them.  If you are Neutral, Goods will con as having a 'Goodly
demeanor,' and Evils will con as having an 'Evil demeanor.'  If you're Good,
Neuts will con as 'apprehensive' and Evils will con as 'threatening.'

Members of one team cannot buff, heal, bind, group, or guild with members of
an opposing team.

Some races totally belong to one team.  Dwarves are always on the Neutral
team.  Ogres, Trolls, and Iksar are always Evil.  All others are a mix, so
you'll want to watch your back, even in your home city.  BUT, in a mixed
team city, it's easier to blend into the background if you're careful
enough.  Is that Half Elf Bard Good, Neutral, or Evil?  Can't tell unless
you /con him first.

Some classes totally belong to one team, as well.  SK's and Necros are Evil
only.  Rangers and Druids are either Good or Neutral...they cannot be Evil.

Some of the basic team religion break downs:
Good:  Tunare, Rodcet Nife, Erollisi Marr, Mithaniel Marr (Barbarians can
worship him on SZ), Quellious.

Neutral Team:  Prexus, Solsek Ro, Karana, Bristlebane, Veeshan (since there
are no agnostics on SZ, Qeynos monks follow her), Brell, The Tribunal.

Evil:  Bertoxx, Cazic-Thule, Rallos Zek, Innourouk.

Currently, the Evil Team owns Paineel, Neriak, Ogguk, Grobb, Cabalis,
two-thirds of Freeport, and access to Velious.  They would probably control
Ak'anon as well, but with as deserted as that town usually is, it's better
to say that they control Steamfont.  The Evils also own the Qeynos
Aquaducts, but the Neuts are starting to pressure them out.

Neuts control everything from Rivervale to the North half of the Toxxulia
forest, as well as Butcherblock.  I expect them to lose control of Highpass
to Team Evil sometime in the near future, once they get serious about going
on the offensive.

Goods control the Greater and Lesser Faydark, Crushbone, Mistmoor, and
Everfrost.

From what I understand, the Teams on Vallon are about evenly ballanced.  On
Sullon, the report is that the Evil team outnumbers the Goods and Neutrals
combined.  I believe the team breakdown is something like this:  Good,
10-12%.  Neutral, 30-33%.  Evil, 55-60%.  (that's a rough 'ballpark figure'
estimate, based on my travels throughout the server and what I've heard from
others.... certainly not a scientific census, so anyone is free to dispute
it.)  Up to half the Evil team could be isolated on Kunark, currently away
from all the action.

So far, no one has been successful in creating any alliances between the
teams on Sullon.  There is peace between a few of the guilds on opposing
teams, though.  Some Goods and Neutrals want to create an alliance against
Evil, but many on both teams violently oppose such a move, and so you
sometimes have some /ooc and /shout battles that are as nasty as the
physical combat.  Also, some of the Quakehead-style PK'ers get bent all out
of shape when they hear someone roleplaying in /shout or /ooc....but worst
ones are being thinned out or tamed, as one by one they get /reported for
inappropriate language :-).

Other differences between Sullon and Vallon....
There's a point system for kills that you make.
If you kill someone over level 20, they drop an insignia tag.  You combine
10 of these insignia tags in a forge to create one of higher value.  There
are four rankings of these insignia tags.  Eventually, you'll be able to
turn them in for some sort of reward.  There are some NPC's related to this
PvP quest that are unique to Sullon.

Another difference on Sullon:  the players are the ones who are to police
other player's behavior...the GMs are taking more of a hands-off policy.
Things like corpse camping, zone camping, bind point camping, and training
are allowed to happen... it is up to the other players to punish those who
perpetuate such actions.  From what I've seen so far, the other players are
able to enforce their own set of  'play nice rules' quite effectively.

The loot is coin only, and you can loose xp if you're pk'd.  The player
experience point loss and loot range is five levels above or below you.
Anyone beyond the 5 level limit can still kill you, but they can't loot you.
Soon, most mid-to-high level zones will have their level 5 or under pk
immunity stripped from them, so you can potentially have level 60's killing
level 1's trying to make the run between Qeynos and Freeport.

Over all, it is a very fun and challenging server to play on -- unless
you're an Iksar, then it's just like a regular, non-PvP server until you're
about level 20 or 30 ;-)

P.S.  Mutahq's correct.  Most people on Sullon don't know how to effectively
PK.  Out of the last 14 attempts on my life, I've escaped them all without
much problem (and by no means am I an expert at PvP.)  So far, only Fansy
the Famous Bard has killed me without my consent.  Someone else almost got
me yesterday, but he realized that we were in my home town and he let me go
so he wouldn't take a faction hit for that city.






