From -8124077827060504101
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,501dd5042f3c2e2a
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-27 22:02:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newshub2.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: NEWBIE questions
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <368mot4ebfojrpks6qu6u4c4uefeghh31a@4ax.com>
References: <tolrck154bjv08@corp.supernews.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 144
Date: Tue, 28 Aug 2001 05:02:24 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 998974944 24.3.225.40 (Mon, 27 Aug 2001 22:02:24 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 27 Aug 2001 22:02:24 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:112375

On Mon, 27 Aug 2001 20:58:19 -0400, "AC" <nobody@me.com> wrote:

>Considering everquest.  Coming down from D2...
>
>1. What is the current state of everquest? Is it buggy? Has it degenerated
>into a flaming hate filled mosh pit or is it in a state of high refinement?
>(Or somewhere in between). Opinions ARE sought...

I thought it was poo until I played AO (worse launch in history, and
still horrible no matter what anyone tells you) and saw DAOC in the
current phase 4. DAOC however is kind of forgiveable, it mostly runs
good but the person I saw running it locked sometimes which, since he
could not then get out of that program, needed a reboot which was
irritating.  DAOC is also a couple months from finish and STILL seemed
better than AO does now, ahah funny. 

Everquest is currently about the most bug free MMORPG I've seen, and
not just because they've had 2 years really but because it never
seemed to have any horribly bad ones in the first place for the most
part. So its technically pretty refined.

The players in it are mostly nice and okay also, with few exceptions
of beggars and selfish types (I don't play on PVP but I imagine its
worse on those since you then add the griefer)

I have no complaints with any of the tech, people or those aspects of
the game. My only complaint really would be the things that they won't
ever fix, like huge downtime in everything you do.. very uber loot but
no middling for some classes (especially druid) and the very uber
requires you to be a social animal in the hierarchy of a 150 odd
person super uber guild to get. 

Another thing is the Epic for each class in EQ. Rather than being
"epic" in difficulty, its "epic" in the amount of patience you must
have and your uberness in an uber guild. That is a sharp contrast to
what I hear of DAOC where you kind of have at least one lower "epic"
quest that YOU yourself complete over several levels.. step by step,
hence it REALLY being more "epic." I also saw, while my friend played,
that in daoc you get a quest THEN like the NEXT thing you kill the guy
says to AUTO gives you the quest item. In other words, you succeed in
the quest just by DOING, not by CAMPING and WAITING and DROOLING and
MOANING and PISSING MOANING and MUCH GNASHING OF THE TEETH AND
WAILING.

Much of what I mentioned there was on the rather high end, something
which in all liklihood if starting now you may never experience. In
all fairness, from about levels 1 - 49 or so EQ is the best there is
(not saying much with the mmorpg crowd of late though, I think these
companies start out thinking EQ is easy to "beat" but from what we
have seen its easier said than done)


>2. How to get started? Buy which package of software? Is there a package
>that brings you up to date with the current goodies or do I have to buy
>Everquest 1.0 and additional software?

Don't buy one. What you should really buy is Kunark for 29.99, then
scars of velious for 19.99. Kunark contains Old EQ, and since there is
no upgrade to kunark cheaper option now (as there was for us old
people who already had EQ back in the day) you'd be wasting your money
to get the $9.99 one. Also for the most part old 9.99 eq alone SUCKS
ASS. The old areas are horrible as a lowbie with limited spawn, a
couple camps and newbie camp fighting. Kunark is the best way to
experience everquest as a newbie. Even level 14's can go to overthere
or lake of ill omen as OTHER races besides iksar and start to do fine.
Iksar staying in kunark is probaby the best way to really experience
EQ on a low character though.

Another nice thing is that since Scars of Velious is for like level 35
and above, you won't have to buy it for a pretty long while especially
if you find out you don't like EQ. Then you are only out that $29.99
for kunark (which again, in the store comes with old EQ too) Velious
is ONLY an add on as will be the next one Luclin.

You don't NEED kunark to get Velious, you could just get old EQ and
velious but since velious is not until level 35 you'd be stuck in
horrible old EQ for a long time. Plus, Kunark in many ways is a MAJOR
part of EQ as far as guild things to do and the class epic quests.
I've never heard of anyone who just had old EQ and velious.


>3. Will I spend the first several hours/days downloading patches?

Hours yes.. maybe a little. 
They kinda make it not so bad though by (if you get kunark or velious)
having some of the stuff optional. Like you will patch the main *.exe
and the old everquest files but you won't patch areas like the warrens
or the soon to be issued stone brunt (old eq areas) unless you hit
"optional patch." You also won't patch some kunark or velious stuff
even if you have them unless you hit those buttons. So for the most
part you can get in without a load of patching.


>I've heard how addictive it is, and how you realize after a while that it's
>evercrack and just a game to level level level...and that you spend time
>fighting, healing forever, or dying and stuggling to recover body. Also I've
>heard about the camping for treasure and that can be no fun. But I've also
>heard that the fun you have before boredom/disillusionment is worth the
>price.

Its really hard to explain that since it can be either or. It doesn't
HAVE to be addictive and you don't HAVE to camp, its more like the
game encourages and rewards that behavior. Many people DO just play a
character only getting what they can afford, luckily get as a drop in
a group, possibly buy at a later time with some cash, etc. Many other
people are probably like me and get TOO addicted.. and have to go camp
the new quests.. blow lots of time, get upset, feel angst, want better
stuff you can't get, etc.

The thing is, I don't think from the outset a person can KNOW which of
those two they are. I would have thought I was the fun loving first
one, but EQ has shown me I am not.


>Or, on the other hand, is ANarchy Online fixed yet? That one really sounds
>good!

Its so amazingly broke its really shameless of them to have even
released it. It is the bipolar opposite of Everquest though, but to
the point where there is really no challenge. Instead of camping and
waiting in AO, you get on and get a mission you run through for your
updated armor, do that in like half an hour, have a great uber new set
of armor about every two levels and then go and group with people and
gain like 6 levels in under 2 hours. 

Everquest is way too hard eventually while AO is way too easy. In the
former you feel like you are some guy in the Gulag in Siberia
struggling just to get by and in the latter you feel like you are
Davey in the special olympics and you get that medal no matter what
you do cause hey, everyone wins!

I'd really like something more in the middle, it might be DAOC from
what I've seen but kinda early to tell yet. One bad thing going for
DAOC is that from the outset it will seem like such an EQ clone to
people that they might pass it off as more of the same, but its really
"EQ done better " from what  I've seen. Again, its kinda too early to
call that one though.


>Sorry for all the newbie questions....I'm not a newbie in everythning i do,
>but here, in this forum, I am one.


ydstephen@yhome.ycom   remove y's


