From 763145288947241489
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,83f8c176ffbc7496,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-27 10:57:25 PST
From: "Tyas_MT" <tyas_mt@hotplonkmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: EQ, or back and gone again, and general OT rambling.
Date: Sat, 27 Dec 2003 12:57:10 -0600
Lines: 114
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <3fedd606$1_2@127.0.0.1>
X-Authenticated-User: $$arx6r4j85
X-Comments: This message was posted through <A href
X-Comments2: IMPORTANT: Newsfeed.com does not condone,
X-Report: Please report illegal or inappropriate use to
Organization: Newsfeeds.com http://www.newsfeeds.com 100,000+ UNCENSORED Newsgroups.
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!news-out.visi.com!petbe.visi.com!news-out2.nntp.be!local!text-west!not-for-mail
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13415

Well, I just completed a month of EQ in 'stealth mode', interacting with as
few people as possible, hiding from the guild that I am still a member of,
not wanting to get shanghi'd into touching up the website, etc.

See, there's this RL friend that wanted his epic for Christmas. To do this
he needed a reliable, competent enchanter to assist him. For some reason, he
decided to send me a letter with a check for one month of access to EQ so
he'd have me instead.  (We didn't talk about this, it just arrived one day).

Some observations: Damn I needed to logout /anonymous when I quit. It took
30 seconds for me to remember to switch it on and I got 7 requests to join
for LDoN groups (no ldon). Are mid 50s enchanters that thin on the ground
these days?

Equipment makes the Enchanter... and I gave half of mine away when I quit.
Fortunatly the other half was nodrop, and I whipped up some jewelry from the
2000pp I forgot I had in my mage's bank account. Playing with sub 200
(unbuffed) int and chr is disappointing at level 55 though.

Oh blessed crowd control, how I have missed thee.
SWG, you get more targets than group members? You likely die.
Final Fantasy XI you get more targets than group members? You die. I usually
am the first in line there.
Eq, have 4, pull 9, no problem. ^_^
Many other games: Either CC is impossible, or it's not much of an issue: Oh
you two go take care of that party, me and my buds will just stand here.

You don't know how much it pained me to have us accidently pull Shissar when
I was on one of their raids, and to pass on the epic drop because I was only
playing that month (and there was another enchanter that needed it). I need
it and 2 other 'tough' parts to finish mine. Ah well, such is life.

A guildleader should never leave two people that hate each other in charge
as 'assistant guild leaders' when he has to go on a work trip for 2 months.

I've been playing too much FFXI, I rooted something and walked around the
mob so it wouldn't hit me (in Final Fantasy, you get rooted, you can't even
turn in place. And in a neat AI trick, when the bad guys root you, they
usually step out of your attack arc unless many people are pounding on
them).

I do like how they try to justify everything 'in game' in Final Fantasy. You
don't have Guildchat... you have a 'linkshell' that makes magic 'linkpearls'
that transmit sound between them, so you can have a global commuication. Of
course they charge you for the shell... :P. They also charge you (in game)
to get your friends onto your server which is insane.

I could give a review of Final Fantasy XI if anyone is interested...

I had a Merry Christmas in Star Wars Galaxies... I'm one of the people that
logged in after the first run where they gave people holocrons (items that
help you unlock your force sensitive, aka jedi, character slot), which
didn't work quite right, so they redid it the next day to make sure everyone
got at least one, so I got 2. And someone else that had 2 wanted to trade
them for 2 on another server that I had let a friend make a char on to
fiddle around with. He decided one was good (I offered one to one, I had not
logged that character in) and gave me both for the one that character had.
So I have 4 (you don't need more than 4, after 4 they won't give you any
more hints). Now grinding, Bio Engineer.

I think of the second one they gave me as a 'birthday present'. (My birthday
is Sunday.) My precious ;).

I do have this to say about EQ: It has the most customizable and tuneable UI
of any MMOG I've ever played, the content is just vast, quests are numerous,
and most actually work, even if the rewards are paltry, the tradeskills are
functional, if not the greatest in the world, and the chat server actually
works fairly well.

(I'm still hoping that since all the star wars channels start with
SWG.Servername.Chat.Whatever, that eventually I'll be able to:
a) Cross server chat
b) do a /chat join EQ.Serverwide.AGE, and listen to all the latest EQ
gossip...
)

SWG the chat server can be messed up for hours at a time. Though once it
goes nuts you can usually make new channels and get all your
guildmates/friends in them.

AC2 the chat server would be completely down (nothing but local say type
communication) for days, once nearly 3 weeks straight.

If you feel you are fairly happy here, don't leave. The world of mmog's out
there is a dark and terrible place, filled with all the l33t ub3r d00ds,
short attention span theater kiddies and SoE suxxors people that have been
slowly trickling away from EQ, making it's community a much better place
(yes, I know the community in EQ isn't what many would hold up as a shining
example of 100% grade A wonderful people, but you should see some of the
other games out there...)

I wish I could come back full time, but I can't. I either play less than 10
hours a month, or it sucks me in and I want to do 40 hrs a week or more,
which I don't have the time for with a job and other RL concerns pecking at
me.

In Galaxies, I can get a lot of 'rewarding gameplay' dropping in an hour or
two a night. (though holocrons are rewarding me like beating me with a
rotten trout... grinding 6000 or more pots of food additives just so I can
dump the class and get another isn't all that fun. But I'll be content with
a screenshot of my own little Jedi Initiate to stick on me 'I love me'
wall... Explorer, Achiever, Socializer). FFXI is less forgiving, but that's
my free day time game, with a couple of friends who are running alts (kinda)
that they only play with me. (Characters have jobs and can 'switch' jobs
easily, and only earn xp in their current main job, so one of my friends is
a level 20 black mage, but becomes a level 9 white mage to adventure with
me.)

Merry Christmas, Happy New Year, And may all your /randoms be good ones.
-- 
Tyas, Tyas Duskchaser, Tyasa
Morell Thule, Eclipse, Odin




----== Posted via Newsfeed.Com - Unlimited-Uncensored-Secure Usenet News==----
http://www.newsfeed.com The #1 Newsgroup Service in the World! >100,000 Newsgroups
---= 19 East/West-Coast Specialized Servers - Total Privacy via Encryption =---


