From -5556000363781973520
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,831b7bdcabda698e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-21 09:18:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!supernews.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.mntp1.il.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Richard G." <malchore@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <9t9obp$5kf$1@bob.news.rcn.net> <7RnK7.161102$My2.95134300@news1.mntp1.il.home.com> <9tepf3$43s$1@iac5.navix.net> <9tf03v$gi1$1@bob.news.rcn.net>
Subject: Re: EQ and Linux?
Lines: 109
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
Message-ID: <elRK7.165088$My2.97508922@news1.mntp1.il.home.com>
Date: Wed, 21 Nov 2001 17:18:02 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.17.34.215
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.mntp1.il.home.com 1006363082 24.17.34.215 (Wed, 21 Nov 2001 09:18:02 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 21 Nov 2001 09:18:02 PST
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:137430

"VanBuren C. Nickels" <vcnickels@starpower.net> wrote in message
news:9tf03v$gi1$1@bob.news.rcn.net...
>   OK... So the gist is that at the moment I can't play EQ on Linux. At the
> moment being the opperative phase. Thats fine by me, I need to learn more
> about it (Linux that is).

You're correct.  "...at the moment" would be the right way to put it.  I
never heard of transgaming until you started this thread.

>   I could be (and probably am) making vague and untrue assumptions on this
> one but read it and let me know. Linux is based on Unix right? I mean that
> was the point of it... A free version of Unix that worked.

Linux *IS* Unix.  The linux purists in this newsgrop will jump up and down
screaming until their face turns blue that linux isn't unix, but it is.  For
an OS to be considered a "unix" system, it must implement the POSIX
standards, which linux does very well.  In fact, Windows implements many
POSIX calls very similar to most Unix systems.

Linux wasn't meant to be a "free" version of unix.  At least not initialy.
What really happened is Linus Torvalds wanted to write a small and simple OS
to rival his mentor and professor, Andrew Tannenbaum.  Mr. Tannenbaum
created an OS many years ago called Minix, which was created to teach his
graduate students about OS theory and implementation.  But Minix is old and
outdated, and did not take advantage of the latest-and-greatest Intel 80386
hardware features.  So Linus decided to create a new OS which would be small
and simple enough to use as a teaching tool, but also fast and powerful to
use in industry.  He went onto the internet and found all kinds of peolpe
around the world willing to help him out.  Linus was essentialy the "project
manager" for Linux.

Around this time, the GPL licence was created by the Free Software
Foundation, and Linus decided to use that to release Linux to the world.
The rest is history.


>   Now, as I recall Mac OSX is based on Unix. From what I remeber it's not
a
> vague resemblance either when you get past all the bells and whistles.
> (Anyone see where I'm going with this?)
>   Mac are supposed to be THE graphics machine, I can't really understand
why
> though. I can't ever get the damn things to work right half the time.
>   Soooo.... If Macs do Graphics on a Unix version, it seems to me that
Linux
> does graphics as well. At least it could. Right???

Hmm, lots of things to reply to.  The Macintrash OS X is built upon the
NeXtStep kernel, which used the Mach microkernel experiment started at
Carnegie Melon university.  (BTW, Carnegie Melon is THE pre-eminate school
for computer science research in the world.  How such talented and
intelligent people could come up with a dumb idea like the Mach microkernel
is beyond me.)  Anyways, Apple took all their object oriented "high level
window manager" and ported it over to the mach system.  So all the graphical
goodies look and feel the same on the OS X platform.

To this day, I don't understand why Apple still enjoys this public
perception that Mac's are "THE graphic machines."  This is just not true.
Although 15 YEARS ago it may have been true, today it's completely false.
You won't find game titles for the Mac, because the Mac's graphics just
aren't up to the challenge.  Look at Quake 3.  It always run slower (if at
all) on Mac computers.  And desktop publishing and graphic are software is
routinely faster on Windows-based machines than Macs...and THAT'S against
Adobe products, which are known to be better optimized for Macs than Wintel
boxes.

Actualy, I do understand why.  Ever since the Macintrash (oops, I mean
Macintosh) was introduced many years ago, they were (at that time) THE
graphic workstations money could buy.  And that perception has stuck with
them ever since.  All the graphic artists and designers of the time went for
Macs.  And ever since then, all the education for graphic arts and design
has been heavily biased towards Macs, even though Wintel machines are today
far-and-away supperior in every possible category of computing.  (Well,
except for one.  I still think the Mac hardware is way better than the
legacy IBM PC architecture.  There's still too much "old" architecture
lurking around PC's today which greatly complicate PC's.  Mac has a distinct
advantage here.  So why can't they leverage it?)


Ok, Mac bashing off.

The topic is video games on Linux platforms.  And specificly, Everquest.

So far, everyone points out that Linux has a good implementation of OpenGL.
And I agree, it does.  However, video games also require sound and input
(and sometimes networking assistence if you ever want to play your game
online against other people.)  That's where DirectX shines.  DirectX isn't
just about graphics.  DirectX is the name given to the entire suite of
API's.  Heres all the ones I can think of.

DirectDraw - 2D graphics.
Direct3D     - 3D graphics.
DirectSound- Playing audio (not midi) with your sound hardware.
Direct3DSound - Using the advanced soundprocessors (EAX and Aureal are the
two bigest) for positional audio.
DirectMusic - Playing MIDI songs.  Basic musical synthesiser stuff.
DirectInput  -  For joystick, mouse and keyboard input.
DirectPlay   -  networking support to play games online, via the internet or
a local LAN connection.

All of these API's together make up DirectX.  Linux has OpenGL, for 3D
graphics.  Beyond that, there are no special API's for talking to sounds
cards, joysticks and network cards.  You have to talk to each one of those
components the old fashioned way -- through ioctl() calls.  THIS is why
Linux doesn't make a particularly good video game platform.

- Richard.




