From -2956937531836991533
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e3d72819f8eb3de4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-02-09 09:35:13 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!snoopy.risq.qc.ca!chi1.webusenet.com!rip!news.webusenet.com!prodigy.com!newsmst01.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr28.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "BastianTT" <mrdillyyo@ameritech.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <E%w1a.3485$4y4.1654019@newssvr28.news.prodigy.com>
Subject: Re: monk whistling fist question (not epic)
Lines: 213
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Message-ID: <x8x1a.3488$4y4.1656339@newssvr28.news.prodigy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 67.38.20.84
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr28.news.prodigy.com 1044815517 ST000 67.38.20.84 (Sun, 09 Feb 2003 12:31:57 CST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 09 Feb 2003 12:31:57 CST
Organization: Prodigy Internet http://www.prodigy.com
X-UserInfo1: SCSYASRDGBWABPXXWJMZOFP@XB]BAAXOGHTVOBPLAH[\RSAANVUEAE[YETZPIWWI[FCIZA^NBFXZ_D[BFNTCNVPDTNTKHWXKB@X^B_OCJLPZ@ET_O[G\XSG@E\G[ZKVLBL^CJINM@I_KVIOR\T_M_AW_M[_BWU_HFA_]@A_A^SGFAUDE_DFTMQPFWVW[QPJN
Date: Sun, 09 Feb 2003 18:31:57 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:263820

here is a copy of the portion of the quest i am on takin from the monkley
bussiness walkthru
it doesnt say anything about "HOW" i get new tombs..just says i get them
randomley..but from who/how???
Trial of Peace of Mind

For this trial, you must go to Kaesora, found inside the Field of Bone. On
the top floor of the library, there is a new mob that spawns, called "a tome
keeper". He has a PH that spawns, called "an Iksar spectre" that is KoS.

You say, 'Hail, a tome keeper'

a tome keeper shows awareness of you, but ignores you completely. '

You say, 'what trial of peace of mind'

a tome keeper begins to speak to you without movement of his rotted mouth,
you realize his words are pouring into your mind. 'You seek peace of mind,
and may you have it. First though, your Shackle of Steel. One Shackle for
one tome.' '

You give him the shackle of steel. Note - he doesn't return this. Is why I
will be repeating my shackle quests again (I like my shackle of steel *snf*)

a tome keeper drops a tattered tome at your feet and says nothing more. You
pick it up and place it among your things.

This is where the quest gets divergant. There are several different tomes.
each has a different subquest. you get one, and it is random which one it
is.... fun, no? each has you get something, and then you turn that, and the
tome, to the person it outlines. Here are the known tome message texts (and
known solutions to some):

A) Dim White Tome
"Made from the mud, but fired to use. The Frogloks use it to bring what is
filtered. Within the swamp town you will find and return to the Court of
Pain to the one who would have you earn your sparring armor."

Get item from the froglok town in the Swamp of No Hope it is in a barrel of
water, loc -1262, -1411, 28; return to Master Bain.

B) Dark Black Tome
"What once was forged from the fire of dragons is now cooled by the fall of
rain. To be found in the sea of flames, and taken to the Prime Heirophant of
Cazic Thule"

You get "skyfire pumice" it is a ground spawn in Skyfire at loc 200,
660, -190 (on top of a pillar, in the lake), and then take it to the Prime
Heirophant.

C) Faded White Tome
"Created of Iron to replace what is no longer there. How it was lost is an
intresteing tail. Return this mechanization to the one who once called you a
whiff."

To start this, you must go to Firona Vie, and see Kwinn the Outlander again.

You say, 'Hail, Kwinn the Outlander'

Kwinn the Outlander says 'Hail, adventurer! Kwinn's the name. Hunting is my
game. I have been all over this continent. Seen many things and found [odd
trinkets]. I have no quarrel with any race. I judge a person or critter by
their actions. Heck, my best friend is a troll !! '

You say, 'what odd trinkets'

Kwinn the Outlander says 'Blast!! I found some strange thingamajigs!! Most
of it I toss or sell to vendors and crazy sages. I am on my way to sell this
[iron tail] to a tinkerer. '

You say, 'what iron tail'

Kwinn the Outlander says 'Found the thing washed up on the shore in Timorous
Deep. Looks like a metal lizardman tail. It is all rusted and covered with
barnacles. Probably can't get much for it, but I'll try. Why do you ask? Are
you looking to [trade for the mechanical thing]? '

You say, 'I will trade for the mechanical thing'

Kwinn the Outlander takes out an extra pack. 'Thought you might be
interested. I don't want to take a loss and I only trade for things I am
hunting, so here!! Inside this pack you need to combine the following items;
a sabertooth tiger mane, a pair of pygmy brute choppers, a lime plume and a
war bone fist. Return the full sack to me and the tail is yours.' '

I forgot the stats of the bag, but it's 4-slot, I think medium capacity,
worthless bag.

1) Sabertooth Tiger Mane
Drops from sabertooth tigers, found in the Lake Of Ill Omen, walking around
between the windmill and waterside.

2) Intact Pygmy Brute Choppers
This was a bit of a challenge. This drops from "a pygmy skulking brute",
that is a random spawn that can shop up *anywhere* in Warslik's Woods. I
spent about 5 hours on this spawn, to get it to show up.... But with my
elite force of trackers positioned to monitor the whole zone, and a couple
people out just butchering everything that moved, it eventually spawned.
Appears to be just as rare as "a skulking Brutling" that also spawns there,
and is needed for the Shackle of Rock quest...

3) A Lime Plume
This drops from "stoneglint cockatrice" which is found in the eastern part
of The Overthere, near where the zone for Warslik's Woods is at. When I went
there, there was a whopping 2 of them, and one was being killed, but the
other, after a few choice blows, yielded me my plume... These are RARE too.

4) A Skeleton Fist
This drops from "war boned skeleton" in Lake of Ill Omen, usually along the
grassy area and hills that are between the Frontier Mountains zone and the
waterside. Yes, it identifies as "A Warboned Fist"

Returning the bag to Kwinn the Outlander results in:

Kwinn the Outlander says 'Kackling Quellious!! This will bring a fortune on
the black market!! Well, a deal is a deal. Here is the tail. '

A Mechanical Iksar Tail
LORE ITEM
Wt: 2.0 Size: MEDIUM
Class: ALL
Race: ALL

After you get the Mechanical Tail, return to Cabilis and give to Master
Raska in the Court of Pain.

D) Greyed Tome
"Awful creations with no known origin. Roaming the castle in search of prey.
Lost from its finger a worn metal ring. Taken from the fortress to the court
of pain to the one who would have you do her tasks."

Loc of the bag is: -150, -300 its was spawned directly underneath a Cursed
Hand when i found it. I went in thru the underwater tunnel in the basement,
when you surface turn around and go up towards the RCY door. As you go up
the little stairway towards the door, look up and behind you and you will
see the bag on the ground. That is the Ring of the Construct (ground spawn).
Bring it and the tome back to Master Niska in the Court of Pain.

E) Pale White Tome
"Resting in a dead city never to be used again. It used to carry many
things, but now only carries dust. Through the haze of the city you will
find, and return to the court of pain to the one who would give you your
sparring armor."

Get "a woven vine basket" from the ground at the stables in City of Mist,
return it to Master Bain

F) Pure White Tome
Seeking the fists within the mine a log is kept. Falling down falls the logs
are long lost. Kept up high the journal now rests, with the goblins of much
despise. Return it you will one whom once called you a whiff."

The Sealed Journal is in Nurga, in the hole to the right facing out over the
big waterfall just at zone in, there is a waterfall coming outta the wall.
You will probably need Levitate to get over to it, it is a ground spawn.
Return to master Riska in the Court of Pain with tome to get Mark of Peace

G) Light Black Tome
"Strong as steel, though grown since birth. Used to be defense but now in
the dirt. Found in the caves, give it to the war baron of those who used to
be slaves."

Get "Chokadai scale" from Chardok - "It spawns at the fort that is in
between the zone in and zone out. If you are looking at the fort from the
front, it spawns on the balcony that is on the left. If you get up on the
slope that is opposite the fort you should be able to see the bag on the
ground.", return to the War Baron.

H) Light Grey Tome
"Large and powerful but with little wit. He stumbles about with no place to
sit. Laying on the ground he soon falls asleep, you will go into the mine
all the way deep. A giant bracelet as heavy as stone, you will take to the
court of pain to give to her alone."

Kromdul Bracelet drops in the 'cave' in FM, where the giants are at. Get
that and take to Niska

I) Solid Black Tome talks about getting something in the lands of dread.

Looks like this is the "frozen soulstone" groundspawn in the yeti caves in
Dreadlands, turn book and item into the Prime Hierophant Velk.

J) Dark Grey
"The lair of flying mouths rests near the tide. No swords or daggers can
pierce the thick hide. From the bottom of the lair you shall obtain, and
return to the War Baron with peace of mind to gain."

Sarnak Hide drops 3rd floor left side bedroom right before the kly... Turn
it in with the book to War Baron Eator for mark of clarity.

---

Give three marks to Veltar:

Veltar says, "So you are finally ready for the final rung. Here it is, you
shall receive mine for I shall quest for the fists of Cazic Thule no
longer."

You say, "What fists of cazic thule?"

Veltar says, "I shall not discuss the Whistling Fists for they have brought
me nothing but pain. Gandan Tailfist still quests to this day. Go find him,
he will surely need your assistance. I do not know where the quest has taken
him, go show that drunkard Marthor the shackle I have just given you he
might know where Gandan is."

---

Ok, now you have the Shackle of Tynnonium. With that, you can move onto
bigger and better things, like the Whistling Fists.





