From -2969044749538529516
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,42242e79d09c2a5b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-07-05 06:49:07 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!transit.news.xs4all.nl!newsfeed.xs4all.nl!xs4all!not-for-mail
From: "Kilmir" <nospam@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <be42kd$hvu$1@newsg1.svr.pol.co.uk> <b3kNa.35989$ZS3.3383050@news2.telusplanet.net>
Subject: Re: Prepatch message for 9th July Patch
Date: Sat, 5 Jul 2003 15:48:55 +0200
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2727.1300
Lines: 129
Message-ID: <3f06d752$0$49098$e4fe514c@news.xs4all.nl>
NNTP-Posting-Date: 05 Jul 2003 15:49:06 CEST
NNTP-Posting-Host: 213.84.72.68
X-Trace: 1057412946 news.xs4all.nl 49098 213.84.72.68:1734
X-Complaints-To: abuse@xs4all.nl
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:291418

"James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca> wrote in message
news:b3kNa.35989$ZS3.3383050@news2.telusplanet.net...
>
>     This should be interesting. Here's the primary complaints I've heard
> about each zone - I wonder how they're going to address them?
>
>     The Deep - not enough "named" camps. There's the Massive Underbulk
Shell
> camp, and there's, um, well....

Never been to the deep, mostly because there's nothing of value there (not
much cash drops or items) and it's supposed to be just mediocre exp. By the
time you can hunt there you will be in the planes racking in two times the
exp for the effort.

>     Howling Stones - I've never really heard anyone complain about HS. The
> loot is getting outdated, but that's a general problem for all old zones.

HS is one of the zones with the highest non-pop ZEM's in the game, only
Kedge Keep has more IIRC. I've exped there a couple of times and even when
things started to green out it was still good exp for the trouble. Of course
PoP trashed the exp and made this zone for exp pretty mediocre (like all
non-pop zones for that matter). The loot, which was not all that rare, is
getting outdated but still worth a couple of K if you're lucky. Also it's
pretty decent still for the level (still wearing my Veil from HS because of
the sum eff 3 focus on it). Bloodpoint is also still not all that bad for
the level to get it.

>     Dragon Necropolis - some of the loot is now quite poor for the effort
of
> getting there, and there was an old complaint I thought had been addressed
> about gating wanderers.

DN has a couple of problems.
First is the low density of mobs in certain area's and the high
add-sensitive density in other parts. That makes exping not really
worthwhile in either part. If it was very worthwhile the second point would
be less of a trouble.
Second, the location is far off. You do NOT want to do a CR to a spot where
you need to get a port first (to CS, closest pok book is in GD!), run for
15+ minutes through hostile zones (SG, CS mermaids) just to get to the zone
and THEN try to go down to a spot which is hard to get to even with a geared
group.
Third, most worthwhile loot there is basically off much much tougher mobs
(Zlandi, Neb) which requires multiple groups.
Fourth is for the entrance, where the damn spiders like to gate/warp you and
pets around which makes soloing or duoing too much of a hassle. The PSC is
nice but only if you're really desperate for cash you would try those :).

The only reason people go to DN these days is with raids or for quests, and
quests whcich deal with DN are considered not very worthwhile in the first
place.

>     Siren's Grotto - underwater anything is the suck.

Underwater is not very popular, but not the main reason people skip SG. It's
the add-sensitive nature of that zone and the rediculous resists. I as a 65
mage have a hard time soloing anything there basically because half my nukes
get partial or complete resists.
Also the mobs seem undercons considering their hp and hits for the level
they are (and exp they give).
You can get rich fast if you have a group killing there often though. Gems
are nice and the items are highly sought after (Drums of the Beast off a
single-group named goes for 40k or so).

>     The Hole - again, I'd never really heard many complaints about The
Hole.
> The loot is outdated and the non-mezzable thing is a real hassle, but
other
> than that people seem to like it. Maybe the nameds should drop unique
loot,
> rather than copies of the stuff that can randomly drop anywhere? Oh, and
the
> quests there should be completed. No more No Drop items with no purpose,
> please!

One way zone, adds galore and you NEED a porter. Plus cr is a royal pain to
do here if you don't have a non-kos rogue alt to do it for you. High
resistant golems and adding castermobs stop anyone doubting to go there.
I've exped there a couple of times with groups though. It's usually uncamped
after the dropoff and as long as you have a good CCer and a porter it isn't
bad. Decent items if you know where to look too.

>     City of Mist - no real named camps outside of the Reaver area.

Several guildie shammies and SK's soloed there several levels. No real loot
though and needing a rogue for reavers is also a good way to stop people for
going there. The levelrange for which it is intended has other more friendly
options too.
It being located in the middle of a very hostile zone which is for many
people a lag-fest doesn't do it much good either.

>     Velk's - the poison they added to the spiders stinks, but other than
> that the zone is fine. Named camps, good spawn density, and a rather
unique
> environment. Maybe they're reducing the respawn time so the zone can
support
> more folks at once?

I like velks, but it could use a faster respawn.
Maybe add some cash to the spiders and maybe up the ZEM a bit might
encourage people to go there again. It was THE zone to go to before pop for
anyone 50+ basically.
Enabling levitate might give it the final impulse to get the masses to velks
again :).

> > Grieg's End changes going to the Legends server.  Grieg's End is one of
> the
> > more interesting zones in EverQuest, but the original design made
pursuing
> > the content in this zone a bit complicated.
>
>     The zone is filled with underconned mobs that drop squat, the loot on
> the non-raid mobs is pretty craptacular. What content was there to pursue,
> beyond the big three raid mobs (Myral, Servitor, Grieg)? Picking off the
> Alchemist when she was up and hoping for the Philosopher's Stone? Oh, I
> know, getting that knockback broom toy!

BEER GOGGLES !
The loot in GE is pretty abnormal. It's fun to go there but items are too
sporadic, no cash and CR is a royal pain.
The mobs are undercons and the levelrange is too great for any group (had
several times in the same room an even con and a green con when I was there
a year ago. that's not good balancing).
The random models is great fun though and the sole reason I want to go there
whenever anyone else feels up to it :).





