From -611170825880974667
X-Google-Thread: fb739,10513ac7d450bd7f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!f14g2000cwb.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mobhunter: Onward into the Depths
Date: 26 Sep 2005 13:30:34 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 138
Message-ID: <1127766634.619383.305280@f14g2000cwb.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.160.51.71
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1127766640 14053 127.0.0.1 (26 Sep 2005 20:30:40 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 26 Sep 2005 20:30:40 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
X-HTTP-UserAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b4) Gecko/20050908 Firefox/1.4,gzip(gfe),gzip(gfe)
X-HTTP-Via: 1.1 proxy-bed2.mitre.org:80 (squid/2.5.STABLE7)
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: f14g2000cwb.googlegroups.com; posting-host=192.160.51.71;
   posting-account=WDcinhMAAADcvkKBmXXfehYblo0NN7Cr_KfkHiVTV22R7IgxdvF6Yg
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6199

Onward into the Depths

by Loral on September 20, 2005

Last Tuesday we found ourselves falling into the Depths of Darkhollow
and seeing Everquest in an entirely new light. The message forums
exploded with new information and strange new lingo. A lot of excited
posts talked about the new monster missions and began decoding some of
the longer quests.

Within all of this, SOE announced a new Community Summit focused on EQ
in the Past, Present, and Future. I think that means "we want to talk
about big issues and not get bogged down with class problems right
now".

So here is the plan for the next couple of weeks. I planned to give
Depths about two or three weeks before writing up a "Potholes of Depths
of Darkhollow" article outlining some of the problems faced in this
expansion but the new EQ Community Summit popped up and I have to write
an Evil Agenda for that.

So this weekend I will publish a "Loral's Evil Agenda, September 2005"
article. A week after that I will write up the results of the summit
article and a week later I will write up the Potholes of Depths
article.

The response to the new expansion has been generally positive. People
seem to really like the monster missions and after the dozen of them
I've done, I am still really excited about it as a new style of play.
Future monster missions and some added features will no doubt make its
way into this month's evil agenda.

One thing I found interesting about the monster missions is that the
rewards received are pretty good at level 70, somewhere around Wall of
Slaughter and Muramite Provingground level. These monster missions may
be a good way for underequipped level 70 players to gear up to at least
a 120 hp / mana baseline.

Depths departs from the mission center hub that we saw in Dragons of
Norrath and that makes mission progression a bit more difficult to
understand, discover, and conquer.

Each of the five main hunting zones; Corathus, Undershore, Stoneroot,
Hive, and Illsalin; are of a set difficulty. The missions off of these
zones are slightly harder than the difficutly of the hub zone. So
Corathus missions should be easier than Ilislan missions.

The Mission NPCs, however, can be anywhere. So Hive missions are
acquired in Corathus, while Illsalin missions are acquired in
Undershore. Even more difficult is the ease with which players find
Illsalin missions compared to the elusive Corathus Creep missions. One
hopes that SOE can make the easier missions as easy to find as the
harder missions.

My friends Gemdiver and Nanyea of Caster's Realm released an excellent
Depths of Darkhollow Mission System that captures much of the known
Depths missions and plans to include even more as they get more
information.

Difficulty compared to the rewards received is a large topic right now.
Personally I found the Illsalin missions to be very difficult even on
"normal" and from what I heard, the loot rewards were low considering
the power required to defeat it. This seems to be a common problem even
for the "hard" missions. A lot of other players with whom I often
debate on equipment gap issues agree that these missions should be
dropping loot more on par with MPG trials and Qvic armor instead of low
elemental quality. Hopefully we will see greater equipment rewards and
lowered difficulties for "normal" missions.

Shroud progression came up as a problem as well. Players report having
to kill up to two thousand NPCs to acquire the next shroud. Progression
this slow is far more frustrating than it is rewarding so hopefully we
will see this improved as well.

Other players have the opposite problem with some of the monster
missions. Monster missions such as "Shadowmane Invasion", an excellent
battle between two rival werewolf tribes, offer a far greater reward
than most traditional hunting zones. In some cases players earned 2.5
AAs for about 20 minutes of work. Already I was beginning to get
flashbacks to the dark days of constant Creator missions when I heard
"this mission offers twice the reward, why would we do anything else?".
No doubt a nerf is already in progress. I didn't buy this game to play
one mission over and over. Each mission should offer an equal reward
compared to the risk and effort.

Monster missions revealed another problem as well. Since players of any
level can group together for a monster mission, the loot scales itself
based on the level of your main character. However, one cannot learn
what the actual power of that gear will be until one already loots it
and leaves the mission. A quick change added the highest power of the
rewarded item to that artifact's description so at least level 70
people know what they will receive, but it is still unclear to lower
level players what they might win.

An ugly bug poked out its head with missions in general. Players who
either zoned or went linkdead during the success of a mission found
themselves unrewarded for the mission and locked out with a 56 day
lockout timer. This problem seems common and the developers have
already acknowledged it and are working on a solution. Hopefully this
gets fixed soon.

I offer the following list of recommendations to SOE for initial
improvement to Depths of Darkhollow:

- Lower the difficulty of the "normal" missions so pre-RS level 70
hunters can accomplish them.

- Fix the 56 day lockout bug.

- Continually monitor and ensure that mission rewards meet an
appropriate balance. We don't want another creator.

- Offer appropriate rewards for the difficulty on normal missions. Gear
rewards should be better than the gear required to defeat a mission.

- Make it easier to find Corathus Creep missions. Easier missions
should be easier to find.

- Lower the requirements for shroud progression.

This weekend I will write up my fifth Evil Agenda to outline possible
large-scale improvements to Everquest. This time, however, I am at a
bit of a loss to come up with critical improvements to the game that
haven't been answered in the past.

So this is your chance. If you have a large issue that you think needs
to be handed to the developers, either send me a note or post your idea
here. I will not take every request and you must convince me that this
request is a game-wide issue not already addressed. Class issues are,
of course, not going to be addressed here; seek your class
representative to champion your cause.

Good hunting.

Loral Ciriclight
20 September 2005
loral@loralciriclight.com



