From 8535678042624494164
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ccc96876df751e8f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-10 12:25:35 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!in.100proofnews.com!in.100proofnews.com!prodigy.com!prodigy.com!newsfeed.cwix.com!news.umass.edu!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
From: Foxeye Vaeltaja <jnparker@EEKSPAM.mtholyoke.edu>
X-Sender: jnparker@mhc.mtholyoke.edu
Subject: The Gremlins are Watching
Message-ID: <Pine.OSF.4.21.0311101524200.438435-100000@mhc.mtholyoke.edu>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: 138.110.1.1
X-Original-Trace: 10 Nov 2003 15:25:34 -0400, 138.110.1.1
Organization: Mount Holyoke College
Lines: 137
Date: Mon, 10 Nov 2003 15:25:34 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 138.110.1.32
X-Complaints-To: usenet@oit.umass.edu
X-Trace: news.umass.edu 1068495935 138.110.1.32 (Mon, 10 Nov 2003 15:25:35 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 10 Nov 2003 15:25:35 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6719


I'm a superstitious person.  There. I've admitted it.  Not only was I
raised by a scientist (or ecologist, to be more specific), but I studied
biology myself quite enthusiastically, and successfully, in college. ..yet
I still wear "lucky jewelry" and believe in making a wish when the clock
says "11:11".  I can't explain this division in my personality, except
that to *me* it makes perfect sense and is not very confusing.  The
scientific method > all, except when there are gremlins in the system.

And if you don't believe there are gremlin's in the system of EQ, then you
aren't paying enough attention.

For example, perhaps some of you remember that back in July on my RL
birthday, I not only had a successful day helping Rakyn win his 8th cudge
fight, but we crashed the zone, thus respawning Drusella Sathir and yours
truly won the roll on the urn.  Happy Birthday Foxeye, indeed. :)  Well,
the past 2-3 weeks we've started killing Drusella as regularly as possible
for Rakyn to get his Urn as well.  Three kills went by with no success,
two were passed up because I didn't want to race another in the zone, and
then on the 4th kill, voila, his urn!  Nothing too unusually about
that...except...that happened to be Rakyn's RL Birthday.  Spooky,
no?  Sometimes the Gremlin's are nasty, sometimes they seem downright fond
of you!

Well, this past weekend I not only learned that there are friendly
gremlins, but that there are gremlins who act a LOT like your mother.  

Enter Spiritmaster Heili.  A 65th level kobold in Solusek C that has a
rare drop of a delicious priest-caster ring with 30svf and Extended
Enhancement 4, among other things.  But when I say rare, I mean rare.  Ask
Frank.  He knows. :)  Fortunately Heili spawns every 4 hours, give or take
a half-hour, so Rak and I just kept lava-diving and going after him.  It's
one of the greatest challenges we've known lately as a duo, because
kobolds in SolC are very resistent. IE, they break root 10 seconds after
you cast it.   Eventually Rakyn did most of his crowd control by pulling
one with his disease debuff and flicking it off with Virulent Paralysis,
because malos+root was just too much of a PITA.  That being said, the
normal kobolds are no fuss...4-5 at a time wasn't uncommon, and we held
our own just fine.  Heili, however, is a nasty SOB until he is slowed, and
OH YEAH, his magic resistances is higher than the rest as well.  So every
trip held an element of fear, and we could never let down our
guard.  Rakyn was as worn out as only a shaman who is not only
healer/slower/cc'er, but also getting resisted on slow at least once every
mob can feel (and maloing every mob is just too much mana to be worth
it).  So yes, picture a pair of bruised, soot-covered, tired adventurers,
and you have a good picture of our team both IRL and in game.  

The winning perk is that Heili's common loot is a no-drop 2hs that is very
nice, so almost every trip we were escorting various alts and friends
through the lava. Trying to keep alive a level 22 character through lava
that does 100 damage every second is sorta fun....we had about 3 healers
treading lava and healing him as he crawled past on a 0 swimming
skill. Wheee!

So, Friday I take a vacation day because I'm beat from a long work
week.  I wasn't planning to play EQ, but as luck would have it, a good
cleric friend whose play times differ from mine is also "working from
home", so we invite him to SolC with us.  It is his first time there and
we're looking forward to showing off our kobold-killing prowess. That, and
his pacify will make killing Heili a breeze. He has a monk who could use
the no-drop 30/30 2hb with a 96dd that we've seen rot many times, so we
lure him in with that.

This is our 8th kill.  We're so damned good at this by now that the cleric
just melees most of the time.  Heili is single-pulled for the first time
ever, and to our delight, the ring drops!

Oh crap, our friend is a cleric.  What do we do?  I believe in "you show,
you roll"...but damned, we didn't *need* our friends help, and this is our
8th kill!  So without thinking too much, I say, "you both roll".  And our
cleric friend wins the ring.  *gulp*  I can see my husband's face turning
white.  We've heard stories 2 dozen kills without a ring dropping...that
may be the only ring we'll ever see...and a first-time visitor just got
it.  Not only that, but a friend to whom we've given a lot of free
gear.  We just made a terrible, terrible mistake.  But to make matters
worse, we find out that the ring is required-level 60, and our friend
can't even wear it yet.

My husband gates and logs and I'm sitting there at my monitor in
shock.  My friend is very apologetic about the req-level thing, says he
never would have looted it for that reason, but...nothing we can do.  

Having seen the ring exists now, Rak and I descend into a hellish
obssession.  Three more heili kills that day, each kill throwing us deeper
into depression over "the one that got away".  I start thinking that this
ring is actually the One Ring, and Rak and our friend are going to start
clawing at each other soon.  And I start feeling more and more
crushed. How could a friend who we've helped out so much not stop and say
"whoa Fox, you say roll...but damn, you've been here 8 times, no way I
should roll on that".  How could he not give a damn?  You can't turn back
time, but at least he could commiserate and show us that he doesn't think
of us as his personal loot-gathering whores.

Silence, though.  I give him openings to say something, but nada.  We fall
asleep Friday night and I literally have one nightmare after another of
crawling through Solusek C.

Not Good.

Come Saturday morning and we go back for our 12th Heili kill.  No
luck.  Our friend is on, trying to level madly so he can wear the ring. He
still says nothing other than "I hope you get a ring".  Half of me wants
to talk to him, but half of me feels that I'll never trust him if I have
to tell him what I want to hear from him.  In his shoes, no one would have
to *ask* me if I felt bad. I'd be slobbering apologies all over
them.  Still, another good friend reminds me that we *have* to work these
things out if our guild will succeed.  It may not seem that confrontation
will resolve my trust issues, but we don't have the luxury of not doing it
that way. 

So be it...I finally take the time to talk to my friend.

And huh, whatdoyouknow...he didn't know that our trips to Heili were
specifically *for that ring*.  He just thought it was something nice that
dropped that was no big deal.  Conversation was more complex than that,
but...the end result is, the friendship was saved.  Communication > ALL.

And of course, 15 minutes later Heili spawns and drops a ring for
Rakyn. If that ain't, "You don't get a cookie until you make up with your
sister", I don't know what is.

Fekkin gremlins.


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Veteran Foxeye Vaeltaja
Misinformation Queen and
65 Half-Elven Forest Stalker of Xev

Guild Leader of The Luggage

"I was just saying that basically if I tried to tell everyone a tree is 
a tree while they think it's a vegetable then they're going to think I'm 
a fruit."  - Zardak Zephiroth, Forest Stalker Brother on Xev




