From 1704941718274646484
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,178e2592e337b78d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-10-23 09:17:05 PST
From: "Ingot" <cleahy@spamstinks.iglou.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <ap4go3021cm@enews1.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: Everquest Firsts
Date: Wed, 23 Oct 2002 12:17:08 -0400
Lines: 109
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-Mimeole: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
NNTP-Posting-Host: 206.211.102.46
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: 206.211.102.46
Message-ID: <3db6cb79$1_1@news.iglou.com>
X-Trace: news.iglou.com 1035389817 206.211.102.46 (23 Oct 2002 12:16:57 -0400)
X-Authenticated-User: cleahy
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: 206.211.102.46
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!ngpeer.news.aol.com!uunet!dca.uu.net!ash.uu.net!news.iglou.com!not-for-mail
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:240549


"Richard Lawson" <> wrote in message
> Since the servers and down, and since I feel the urge to write, I thought
> I'd write about some of my Everquest "firsts".

[snip]

Well, this could be a long one...

1) My first rescue... I was playing my half-elf Druid, having only recently
found my way from Surefall to the Queynos n00b hunting grounds. I was
proudly sporting a cracked staff (cost: almost a full plat! Given to me by
someone uber enough not to need it!) and wasting kliknik's while keeping a
wary eye out for the queen. I heard a death groan behind me, and for the
first time my casting reactions went on automatic. I whipped around,
targetted the pretty lady that was collapsed on the ground in front of a
Gnoll pup, threw her a heal (she stood up! I had DONE it!) and quickly
polished off the Gnoll in front of her. Years of playing UO, and I had never
gotten to play the hero before. The lady I saved wasn't very impressed or
even thankful, but *I* enjoyed it.

This, however, got me in trouble. Several levels later, I was in Blackburrow
hunting Gnolls down the first ramp. I had just gotten to the point where I
was familiar with the opening areas of the BB underground, and was happily
bashing on a gnoll when I saw an OOC message from Dundee.

2) Dundee, a few others, and myself all knew each other from the UO
newsgroup. Seeing that he was upstairs looking for Gnoll skins for some
quest, I ran up to say hi. I got there just in time to see one of the
dungeon's ubers (a plague rat) attack him, and he immediately fell to the
ground with a death cry.

Well, my saviour addiction took over and I was on automatic. I targetted
him, and started chain casting heals while preparing to get killed by the
VERY red rat. What I didn't know was that the rat was very, very green to
him, he had just been playing around with it, and had hit Feign Death for
the hell of it. Months later when we were all part of the Arbiters Guild,
whenever anyone did a FD, some smartass cleric or Druid would start chain
healing them. <heal><heal><heal><heal>"Look, I'm Gaellic!"<heal><heal><heal>
:-P

Around this time, I learned a very tough lesson. I was preparing for work in
the morning, and as usual I would do a little hunting, park my character
somewhere safe (In this case, just past the guards into the Surefall
Tunnel), and go do something while his mana went up (I didn't have
meditation yet). I heard some commotion from the computer room while I was
putting on my socks, but figured it COULDN'T be anyone attacking ME. Anyting
hostile had to get past the Guards right?

Well, when I got back to the computer there was some nasty gnome named Pyxjn
or something, ripping me a new one. I hadn't known that the guards would
completely ignore some threats. I hobbled to the zone boundry, and came
through with a sliver of health, slow, and poisoned. The only reason I
survived is because I sat down to get the extra healing, and that slowed the
poison long enough for it to wear out just a few points from death.

3) Months later, Gaellic had gone through Blackburrow, gone to EK, and
blasted through several levels there. He went back to Blackburrow as was his
habit to practice some new spells he got at level 24 (I think), and while
trotting to Surefall I hit the tracking button.

Pyxjn. That dirty soandso was nearby! It was time for REVENGE! I found him
standing by the temple ruins between BB and Surefall, and polished him of
with just a few nukes. I looted the corpse, and was delighted to see what
looked like a black pearl. Trotting back to the Surefall guards, I sat down
to med, and pulled open my inventory to check my haul.
Just then someone in the zone started shouting, asking everyone in-zone if
they had seen Pyxjn. I replied that I had just killed him/her and received a
/t asking if I had gotten anything off the body just as I right clicked on
that pearl.

Glowing Black Stone.

What followed was mass confusion as word spread that a non-int caster had
looted the GBS, folks bombed in on me with /t's hoping to get a deal out of
someone that didn't know what he had, my guild informed as to how rare my
find was, and Dundee joked about me winning the lottery. I eventually made a
deal with a high level wizzie who had just gotten back from the opening of
the first of the planes. She was very honest as to how valuable that stone
was, and gave me a Charred Guardian Shield, assorted smaller items, and 1k
pp for it. This was quite a windfall for me at the time.

4) Feeling 00bur. After getting one of my more powerful spells in the
"Earthquake" line, I once again went to Blackburrow to play and practice
with them before getting in a REAL fight. In my day, Blackburrow had been
very full, and famous for its deadly trains, which I was fairly adept at
dodging. Being much later, the dungeon had nowhere near the player
population it used to, and trains were rarer. I was sitting in the entrance
from Queynos, swapping out spells, when a massive train reminiscent of the
old days came up. Several fighters stood shoulder to shoulder trying to get
some licks in before they had to zone, so I stood up, waded into the middle
of the Elites, Guardsmen, and Burly's flailing away at the fighters and
touched off my best "Earthquake" spell. A few seconds of cast time, and
every gnoll around me died. There must have been 25-30 of them lying around
my feet. After a long pause, one of the fighters just said "wow...".

5) Being suprised by a hill giant, and being high enough level that he left
me alone. Giant and/or Griffon used to = Death...

6) Right after I got my first "Circle" spells. I can't tell you how good it
felt to be able to do favors for all those guildmembers that had helped me
out. They had always been higher level than me, but at LEAST I could help
them get from one side of the world to the other.

Hmm. Many more, but ya gotta stop SOMETIME!

Ingot




