From -7978293649150434261
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7e12260197de19a3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-08 06:19:22 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Early Multi-kiting Adventures
Date: Mon, 08 Apr 2002 09:16:47 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3CB1983F.87696D29@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 57
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:183946

I know, I know.... a 25 wizard isn't supposed to quad kite yet, because
we dont' get snare until 29. Plus, I still haven't gotten off my butt to
go get the parts for my Staff of Temperate Flux. This really makes it
hard to get a group of mobs to multi-kite, as my only other pulling
method is a nuke which:
1. costs mana
2. has your kite mobs at different levels of health to start with

So mostly I just kite one at a time, pulling with my biggest nuke and
running along, pausing to cast mana shock whenever I get far enough
ahead. But sometimes you just can't beat the temptation to try. ;-)  I
was grinding some xp solo in EK on the crag spiders. (Outstanding silk
source, by the way.) They normally are wandering around far apart, and
you have to dodge your way around Tarbul Earthstrider and assorted hill
giants when pulling them. But this time, I finished medding and saw one
standing alone on the hill.  And what's coming down the hill right
towards him? Yes... another crag spider. I targeted the first and
waiting until the second got right next to him. 
/cast 3 (Column of Lightening)
bang - bang. Two hits. Two angry spiders in hot persuit of the j-booted
little wizard. I crossed the first ridge on my normal kite path and run
smack dab into... another crag. He aggros and I'm suddenly feeling drunk
with power. Rather than running screaming towards the zone like a bard,
I said screw it and ran a wide circle back towards my med spot using the
wide angle camera view. By some miracle, the three spiders grouped up
nicely.
Paused and cast the AoE again. 
bang - bang - bang.

I was off on my run towards the waterfalls. Two more stops to cast, and
two of the spiders were milling about near death, and I'm running out of
mana. But the third one still has taken one shot less than the others
and is in full pursuit. Hrmmm... ok, this is tougher than it looks.
*sigh*.

Swung in a circle and came back towards the two death march candidates.
Suddenly it seems like the spider is catching up VERY fast. WTF? DOH!
J-boots faded and in my excitement I didn't even notice. No time to
worry about it now. Stand next to the injured spiders and cast again.
Just as number 3 reaches me, the column of lightning lands, killing two
of them, sending the third into a death march, and badly singing my new
robes along with the wizard contained therein. (DAMNIT! I JUST has these
drycleaned!) One quick Mana Shock to the last victim, and I ring up
three xp increases and bag about a dozen silks and other misc. crap
loot. 

Totally OOM and with smoke still curling off my burnt clothing, I limp
back to my med spot. Some of the most adrenaline pumping excitement I've
had in ages in this game, though I would have died fast if I'd gotting
all three on me. I can only imagine how effective it is when it's done
*properly*. I can also see how multi-kiting can be extremely addictive.
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"The way I see it, every once in a while everybody's got to take a
beating."
- Henry Hill


