From -841664406324187549
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7fcf22a33038164d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-29 21:19:40 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!cyclone.nyroc.rr.com!cyclone-out.nyroc.rr.com!typhoon.nyroc.rr.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "dneal1" <dneal1@maine.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: tabletop roleplaying
Lines: 84
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Message-ID: <gqc%6.43797$ID1.11331896@typhoon.nyroc.rr.com>
Date: Sat, 30 Jun 2001 04:18:20 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.93.154.29
X-Complaints-To: abuse@maine.rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.nyroc.rr.com 993874700 24.93.154.29 (Sat, 30 Jun 2001 00:18:20 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 30 Jun 2001 00:18:20 EDT
Organization: Time Warner Road Runner - Portland ME
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:90365

I'm going to fly off-topic here and speak to everyone who enjoys EQ and has
never tried tabletop RPGs.  YOU ARE MISSING OUT.  EQ is fine and dandy: it
does all the annoying math for you and so on.  But no computer game could /
will ever take the place of a GM who knows his stuff.  No mere digital
simulation can compare.  In EQ I hang out with friends I know in real life,
and we bash monsters and get plat, and we socialize a little, but the game
ultimately doesn't offer depth, focus, or real <i> involvement </i>.

A big part of tabletop gaming is the personal aspect.  There are 2000 people
on an Everquest server, and they all play the same game.  Sure, there are
choices about what to do and where to go, but they aren't specific to the
player.  There are maybe four or five people in an RPG group, so the GM can
involve all the players on a personal level.  A good GM crafts the campaign
to suit them and their characters.  <blowing my own horn> In AD&D, I made
worlds turn on the actions of my players -- indeed, I went so far as to
introduce a prophecy into the campaign which stated exactly that.  The
group's paladin was a baron in a small nation, and so the campaign included
a war to preserve his country.  The priest was a devotee of the god of
knowledge and invention, so he was able to invent the steam engine over the
course of the campaign.  The list goes on, but you see my point.  Each
chapter was tailored to the characters, giving an experience unique to them.
</blowing my own horn> In EQ, if you shout that you just finally beat
monster X and got the Gee-Whiz Sword, you could get shouted replies from a
dozen players saying they already did that.  Saving the world gets a little
ho-hum when everyone has not only done it, but done it the same way you did.

The other important thing is the GM's ability to put you in the story, to
describe things so perfectly that you truly feel you are there.  A wise man
once said that reality is nothing more than perception.  It's excellent to
play with someone who can make you perceive something so acutely it might as
well be real.  I have memories of things I've never done that are far more
vivid than my recollection of things I actually have done.

In Rifts, I've stood on a dusty road in the still heat of midday, facing
down a gang of armed and cybered outlaws who had the drop on me, and
desperately swung my sledgehammer -- the only weapon I had -- into the face
of a bandit, hearing the meaty crunch as I killed him at a blow.  Clint
Eastwood movies are all well and good, but I've BEEN the guy in the
standoff.

In Werewolf, I've known what it is to run through the woods at midnight in a
different shape, the wind singing in my ears, leaves and twigs whipping my
eyes and muzzle, lungs burning in the cool air, newly-sensitive nose alive
with the presence of the forest.  I've been held at gunpoint and talked my
way laboriously and ever-so-carefully out of being shot.  I am not a
particularly spiritual or back-to-the-earth kind of person, but I've felt
the presence of spirits, I've spoken with them, and I've fought for their
cause of Nature's return.

In Shadowrun, I've felt the cold knot of fear in my stomach as I watched a
squad of mil-spec corp guards deploy behind me, outside the top-secret
genetech research installation my team and I had spent a week observing and
half the night infiltrating.  There it went: my cool exterior, my good
night, my flawless mission, my impressive paycheck, my reliable reputation,
and quite probably my life as well, all flushed away in moments by a few
guys with heavy combat armor and really big guns.

Get Into It!
Unless you truly live out in Hicksville, there will be a hobby store near
you and the people there will either be or know gamers.  A short
conversation with the clerk, $30 for a rulebook, and $5 for dice gets you
everything you need to play for life.  On the entertainment scale, it's
considerably more reliable than drug use, less expensive than computer games
or cable TV, and more immersive than the best book.  I promised myself I
wouldn't say "you owe it to yourself to try it" so I won't.  =)


Scuffler, Paladin-14 of Rodcet Nife, the Nameless
AND
Victor Hastings, Cyber-Knight, guardian of Oak Grove
Simon Trevane, ex-Aztech company man, street samurai of the Wiz Kids
Hhumpf, wendigo truthseeker, mystic, Farstrider clan
Catches-Stars, Cliath Ragabash of the Fianna
Daniel Crane, eternal child, Clan Gangrel, date of Embrace 10-12-90
Milea Leanon, sometime pilot, full-time Jedi apprentice
Dieter Matinos, cleric, inventor, engineer, teacher, Scourge of the Storm
        Horns, and anything else he has time for
Shelters-the-Fallen, Athro Theurge of the Children of Gaia
Charles Maxwell, pattern seeker of the Order of Hermes
Trader Vic, ex-Knight Errant negotiator, Seattle fixer with connections
in Redmond, currently running with Occam's Razor





