From 6741625619960036549
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8b46629abb66911f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 25 Sep 2004 13:51:14 -0500
Date: Sat, 25 Sep 2004 14:51:12 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Praklion: Berserker Drunken Dragon kill
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <jISdnVZJ3eu_I8jcRVn-gQ@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 146
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.249.174
X-Trace: sv3-Ycn0QGg8UoBYMmqVG9yIOJd9FcKNLpmDZx/L6v3pXGNt2A1wcWbpYzpufkSDrW1z1w9cX1PAJJ7b7WH!h2tJyBE8k/GLQt97AemuExhhtDQDaxYLb05ZdFHuAifdcKJ0mGxwZvPQz0koIEkY7+SZUGh2I4uy
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.13
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17807

Part of the berzerker epic requires killing a dragon/fish in Dagnor's 
Cauldron.

A friend in my guild has a berserker alt and a lot more pull than I do 
with guild management, so he managed to get this scheduled for himself, 
I came along because A) I always come along for epic fights or pretty 
much any of the other "need help with quest" stuff that anyone does. 
But also because B) hey, I'm going to have to do that one sooner or 
later, let me see how its done.

Well, I'm late because I log on when I log on, with no control over 
that; RL comes first.  This is part of my problem in organizing anything 
of this nature, I can't really schedule it in advance since I don't know 
if I'll be there!  Plus I'm never on the signup sheets to do anything 
even though I end up showing up at 80% of them, because I'd rather do 
that and miss a few due to lack of room than sign up and be a no show... 
even though I've yet to hear of a raid called on lack of berzerker; this 
preference probably made more sense back when I was a cleric.

Turns out they haven't started yet, and in fact after I show up they 
quietly let the end of the spawn time go by, condemming us to sit half a 
Norrath day waiting for repop.

The other berserker is sort of running the show (its a fairly casual 
guild and its often hard to tell who's in charge of anything); he has us 
all formed up at the Hero camp just to the SW of the zone in chasm. 
Next spawn is at 11pm norrath time, so there's lots of hanging out and 
some competitions to see who can one shot various green mobs and so on.

Spawn time comes and goes; the tracker is AFK says the other zerker in 
tells.  Eventually he's back and we get ready to go.  Tracker turns out 
to be a druid, who goes out and promptly gets dead; ranger runs out and 
pulls the rest of the way to us.

Praklion is a big fish dragon just like Fae and his ilk, but a good deal 
more entertaining to fight.  He has four procs, or perhaps three, at any 
rate I witness them all; there's a whirl till you hurl sort of one, a 
mezz sort of one, both around 3 tic duration, and there's a DD one which 
is good for 1200.  Hardest I got hit by his melee was 438 points, but 
more frequently he was hitting me for 100 or less; with healing I could 
have tanked him myself unless he got lucky and triple procced the DD and 
got no resists.

But the fourth proc, or perhaps its part of one of the others, is 
drunkeness.  Now my AT is abyssimal because I gave up working on it when 
I found out that my exploit had been patched: once upon a time you could 
start to camp out, then at about 15 seconds to go, slam down as many 
drinks as you could while waiting for time  to finish.  Logging back in, 
you'd be sober but still have the skill ups.  Why that worked I don't 
know, but it made an otherwise very tedious and pretty much wortheless 
skill easy to cap out.  At any rate, I'd worked at it on and off, now 
and then, but was only up to 60 or so skill.  Apparantly over 176 AT you 
don't get the drunkeness effects from Praklion... but I did.  On the 
other hand, my years of experience doing drunken gnome runs and the like 
meant that, since I'm not a caster and don't suffer interrupts, there 
were no real practical problems with being that drunk and fighting.

That effect made things a bit difficult, as most of the casters also had 
poor AT, and many of the melee did too and didn't have my experience 
with running around in tunnel vision.

BUT thats not the real ugliness.

Unlike most mobs I've faced, Praklion is a runner, but not just an 
ordinary runner, he's a champion.  He runs early, at around 50%, he 
can't be snared or rooted or stunned, so when he runs its serious.  He 
runs into the water, which makes following him or finding him tough due 
to visibility and the fact that most people, myself included, haven't 
maxed out their swim skill, and he runs to random spots in the water, 
not to his spawn site, so you can't set up an ambush for him there, plus 
his running in and out of the water creates confusion for the casters, 
who can't cast spells across the surface barrier.  And he regens at a 
high rate while in the water if he manages to get away from the killing 
force.

First time, we got seriously fragmented and suffered a partial wipe, 
some of the casters had been affected early by the drunkeness and never 
managed to aggro him... or so we thought.  We were in the process of 
recovering bodies and rezzing the dead, myself included, when suddenly 
Praklion showed up and ate about 6 of us, would have taken down more but 
he despawned mid fight, apparantly his 2pm curfew is really strong. 
Apparantly when he gets to full HP he changes his mind about who is and 
isn't on the hate list... didn't hate em enough to summon them but did 
hate em enough to come get them.

Hmm, come to think of it I'm not sure he does summon... no, he does.  At 
one point I was trying to kite him around but kept getting dragged back 
into his clutches and having to run back out of range, so I'd lose a 
couple thousand hp per pass what with him hitting much harder on my 
unbuffed person and me not resisting his DD much at all.

Well, rezed again, this time we formed up at the Unrest ZL area, closer 
to his spawn site.  Which turns out wrong, he seems to spawn at random 
in the depths, or perhaps he just wanders fast.   And we hadn't yet 
discovered that his "run to" spot isn't his spawn site, anyway.

Puller dies again, second up puller gets him ashore.  As before, at 
about 50% he takes off running, this time pursuit is more organized 
though, and prepared with levitation in the form of DMF -and- SOE 
(everyone had EB of some type the first time, but few were airborn) 
those with poor swim are able to keep up with the rest by staying above 
the water.   Fish drops having killed only the puller, my friend gets 
his axe... I in the meantime am shamed because I managed to lose the 
fish and never did find it again, not even the body.  Course my friend 
had done similarly, I know because he had to get a  loc to find it to loot.

Then, to my surprise, the guild decides to stick around and do it again 
for me.  Respawn time is only half a norrath day away by now, time 
enough to rez the dead guy, repair buffs, and hang out playing a little bit.

I'm nominally in charge... but the raid has just done this fight 
successfully as is, so I'm not changing much.  And I don't have a good 
writeup of walkthru of it anyway, so I'm no wiser than my buddy... 
except that I've just seen it done twice.  So my orders are to pull up 
to center island for initial engage, then use every pet we have, 
clerics, enchanters, druids, I don't care.  Pets, you see, are very good 
at following things that run.  Levitation all around of course, that was 
successful as well.  Bard autofollowing the MA, who'd demonstrated an 
ability to stick with the mob anyway.

We had a low level druid with us for some reason (45... wow.  How she'd 
managed to live thru the second dragon fight I don't know... unless it 
was by staying away from it)  Asked her to stay away during initial 
fight, and then once the fish went into the water, stay above him 
keeping him on track.  With this fisherman's bobber floating above his 
position, it was relatively easy to follow along to where he stopped, 
and then dive in, following the trail of pets to his fight spot.  Fish 
ran twice, and both times I was able to get back on him as were most of 
the rest of the DPS, and most of the healers were able get close enough 
and under the water to do their job. 
 


Somehow a 65 shaman ended up dead next to the body, other than that it 
was pretty smooth.  Looted my axe, thanked everyone for sticking around, 
and went off running errands; hand in axe here in zone, then off to LOIO 
to hand in the medal and bracelet for my next step, which is to kill an 
Ireblind Imp in Fear.

Sadly, unlike the Shaman epic, none of the intermediate steps are at all 
useful, personally I think this is a flaw in epics in general; to me it 
should be building step after step, but instead most are a whole lot of 
work with nothing to show for it till the end.

Grage, 58 Berzerk, Luclin



