From -7587360913145121577
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cc95667fe499a5ff,start
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,cc95667fe499a5ff,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid100ff8,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-10!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg
Subject: EQ2: Beta ends, fun begins
Date: Sat, 6 Nov 2004 14:15:18 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10oqj1r39aq66f3@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 223
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:22235 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:23405

After 3 months and just over 70 levels of adventuring and 50 levels of 
tradeskilling, I said goodbye to the EQ2 beta world today with about 500 
others in Antonica. There was no official end of beta event, but we 
unofficially had our own mini Badger invasion, sentry destruction derby and 
general free for all and dance party. It was a nice ending :)

All in all, I'm pleased. Although I continue to feel that more time would be 
beneficial, time is a commodity in short supply in the competitive world of 
software development and software is always about risk management. In this 
case, SOE is betting that they're on the right side of the risk equation and 
I hope they're right. After being fairly disappointed at the number of 
changes being introduced within the last 4-5 days, I was nevertheless 
impressed with developments over the last two days. The pace was far more 
aggressive than I would have recommended, but I'm not calling the shots and 
not privy to the test results that they're probably pouring over internally. 
In the end, the decision to release software is a marketing decision based 
on data provided by testers and devs, and the ultimate wisdom of this 
particular decision will be tested this Tuesday.

Lag (both server side and local framerate type) seems to have been improved 
remarkably. The presence of over 500 players in each of the 2 Antonica 
instances was encouraging and I was able to navigate through the zone 
without any trouble, there was no server side lag to speak of. As for local 
framerate issues, it was clearly a slideshow at the Claymore monument where 
everyone was congregating for screenshots. I'm not sure that kind of load 
could be handled much better. Something like 100-150 people crowded around 
the monument, with NPCs and mobs milling about, and of course an endless 
stream of shouts, /oocs and local text, much combat going on simultaneously, 
etc. I still get slightly more stuttering in city zones than I'd like to 
see, and I hope to see this improved, but it's quite playable and only a 
minor annoyance at this point (and then probably only for those who 
insist -- as I do -- on pumping up the graphics).

One thing I noticed earlier this week is that I have not experienced any of 
the problems that I had previously encountered with my nVidia 6800 Ultra 
(i.e., many lockups and crappy performance). And this, after turning back ON 
Shadows about a week ago. The problem was in the interaction of the EQ2 
shadow code and the nVidia drivers and the recommended "solution" for months 
was simply to turn off shadows.  Now, with shadows on I'm once again able to 
run nVidia's most recent WHQL drivers (61.77), something I could not do 
without massive problems a month ago. The crashes have been handled and I 
haven't experienced any of the visual artifacts that once were a mess. In a 
side by side comparison with my other machine running an ATI 9800 Pro, I 
give the nVidia a far better quality rating, particularly with shadows on. 
It's not just about ground cast shadows, it's the entire overall rendering 
of surfaces and textures. Armor looks realistically lit, body parts impart a 
real sense of motion as they cast shadows against the body, and in general 
everything just looks more real-world with shadows on. I'm glad they got 
this one licked. There's still some work to be done, though. The ATI machine 
has virtually no stuttering at all even in the cities, although I didn't 
have much opportunity to test this on a level playing field as I had 
graphics turned down a notch on that machine (but with shadows on). Overall 
I'd say that my wife's machine is going to be rendering a little smoother, 
but I'm going to have a far more visually appealing presentation, and we can 
both tweak as desired. This suits both of us just fine.

The crafting system was my focal point and after all is said and done, I 
think this may be the best I've ever played. I say this with some 
reservations because I have mixed feelings about some of the recent changes 
that I haven't had time to fully digest. On the one hand, I applaud the 
decision to require more subcomponent crafting, with fewer interim 
components available on merchants. This means more work to create finished 
products, but it also introduces more "crafting" into the mix, giving those 
of us who enjoy the art of combining pristine quality items together to 
produce a better end result, more to work with. This enhances the actual 
craftsmanship involved, even if it brings with it increased commitment. I 
predict that the bar is going to be pretty high in this game in terms of 
what it takes to make it to GM level and the changes introduced last week 
will slow that whole process down even further. Good, it was way too fast in 
beta.

The thing I'm not sure I like at all is the segregation of crafters into 
"crafting societies". This new social structure provides incentives for 
crafters to cooperate with each other in guild-like "societies" while 
competing with other societies for prestige, thus uniting and dividing at 
the same time. Unfortunately, part of that division is also the separation 
of crafters from their customers and while in the past I had customers come 
to me at my dedicated crafting station while I worked on their orders, I 
might now have to zone out to meet them outside a door that they cannot 
enter. There was some attempt to mitigate this by further subdividing 
societies into "wholesaler societies" and "specialized societies", each of 
which has its own set of structures with all the crafting devices needed for 
any of the professions. The wholesaler societal structures can be entered by 
anyone. They envision that these wholesaler societies will be a place where 
artisans and adventurers can mingle and do transactions, perhaps for final 
combines, that sort of thing, and most of the hunkered down, incremental 
crafting will be done in the "specialized societies". I don't know, the 
jury's out on this one and we'll have to see how the incentive system works 
in practice, there really wasn't any time to test the long range effects.

Some of the long range benefits of societal status are nice, with more and 
more interim ingredients being offered up on the merchants inside a 
particular society as its members gain status and prestige. Members gain 
status and prestige by successfully perfoming Tasks (crafting quests) given 
by NPCs inside their societal structure. This is a cool idea and results in 
profitable skillups. The quests offered by wholesaler structure NPCs are of 
the "gather x resource" type, mundane and tedious, but at least they provide 
the opportunity to profitably raise up the various gathering skills that are 
now required in order to maximize your ability to find rare and precious 
resources out in the world. That's a good thing, I didn't like the fact that 
anyone off the boat was able to find a rare as readily as someone who had 
spent their entire character career crafting and working with these rare 
resources. Now they will be found only by those well-trained in gathering, 
and the wholesaler societal quests will provide a profitable way for 
crafters to develop those skills.  The specialized crafter societies also 
have NPCs who offer crafting quests, and these are in the nature of "make me 
x of y", where y is something appropriate to the level of the crafter. When 
the crafting task is complete, the NPC buys the results from you at a nice 
profit. Again, a way for crafters to profitably gain skill ups.

The combat system went through some recent changes, but I don't think as 
many. Other adventurers will chime in here with more, but the big news I 
noticed was that the Heroic Opportunity (HO) system was modified to give 
every player a dedicated skill that will initiate a starter chain. This 
solved the problem of certain classes not being able to initiate a starter 
chain because they didn't have a spell yet with the correct icon, but it 
doesn't really change the nature of the wheel and its somewhat arbitrary 
demand for spells of a certain icon class irrespective of the combat 
situation. Because of this, I think HO's will remain a primary tool of the 
solo adventurer who is looking for maximum firepower. I still don't see many 
groups coordinating to execute on HO's. There are still quite a few that 
make their way to completion, but I get the feeling it's more of an 
afterthought on people's part than a plan ("oh, I can complete the wheel if 
I cast a Regen right now").

Now that faction has been added, everyone has been scrambling to learn more 
about the various factions and their implications. I didn't have the 
opportunity to test any of this, although I racked up some pretty 
significant faction with the High Seas Trading Company and earned my title 
of Slayer of Gnolls in the process. I noticed last week that all the 
centaurs in Thundering Steppes were changed to non-KoS to me and that has 
made it a *lot* easier to harvest resources out in this resource-rich world 
of Tier-3 rares. However, in my group last night two players kept getting 
centaur aggro because of their faction standings. Social aggro was 
reportedly added to mobs last week as well but I never got around to testing 
this.

So many things I never saw. Never got to try any of the Heritage quests 
(Dwarven Work Boots, JBoots, Screaming Mace, etc.). Never did get to any of 
the other non-starting continents (of a dozen or so). Although I was one of 
the few players who was flagged for the Shattered Vale instanced zone, I 
never got to see the inside of the zone because it only allows groups of 4-6 
to enter and, unlike the Firemyst Gully zone, this one requires that all 
entrants be flagged. I never found a group of 3 others who were flagged with 
me. :(  Never made it to my old neighborhood of Everfrost, but I read about 
the Vox raid that took place after the devs buffed up some players' levels. 
It looked pretty enticing, even if they did wipe (not sure, but I believe it 
was a small raid force in the 40's).

The questing system remains one of the best features of the game. EverQuest 
2 will draw some controvery over its combat model and its very unusual 
crafting system, but I believe the real gold is in the quests. The world is 
just overflowing with quests and they can be yielded up from a wide variety 
of NPCs, locations, or even objects. You will never throw away or sell junk 
loot again without first doing an Examine in hopes that you've found some 
secret entrance to a new zone or the first step in a powerful new weapon 
quest. That book behind the merchant in the corner might be the the start of 
a new journey leading off the continent. Maybe even the secret start of a 
Heritage quest. The joy of discovery is all around and until last week when 
they cut the limit in your quest journal to 50 open quests (boo, hiss), it 
was quite common to see people running around with literally hundreds of 
open quests, and hundreds completed. The quest management system tracks both 
nicely.

Some of these quests are Hallmark quests that guide you through the main 
path in the destiny of your character. Some of the quests are Access quests 
that will open up new zones to you. Some are City Quests that will give you 
and your guild greater prestige and status in the community, allowing you to 
earn status points toward houses and mounts (you haven't seen a mount until 
you've seen the Spectral Steed, a white ghost of a wicked fast steed; and 
then there are the flying carpets which no one on my server ever attained). 
Some quests are simply Collection quests, that reward your ability to track 
down each and every variety of a particular butterfly or flora. Cataloging 
quests were just added but I didn't get a chance to try any of those. I also 
noticed a new category of Prestige Quests appear in my journal after I 
examined a rare drop I looted in the Thundering Steppes (20-29 zone). I have 
no idea where it lead and never got to track it down.

The voiceover system gets short shrift from a lot of folks who don't like to 
have sound on while they game. Personally, I think they're missing a lot and 
EverQuest II takes this to a new level (which means that you'll either love 
this or hate it). Virtually all NPCs talk to you. Some of them are annoying, 
some of them hilarious, but almost all of them have character and style and 
will often provide a welcome and familiar sound that tells you your home 
when you run into town. There is one woman in Willow Wood with the most 
sultry and alluring voice, who tells me "No, I won't share a dwarven ale 
with you, elven wine is just fine with me". Sigh. I'm such a geek, I always 
stop and listen to her just to hear her reject me once again ... The point 
is, these talking NPCs give character to the world and bring it alive in a 
way that no chat bubbles could ever accomplish. This is an investment that 
paid off.

So now I get to take a few days break from the game and come back and start 
the journey all over again. With the addition of racial traits and 
traditions, I learned that there are also racial tradeskill bonuses, and so 
as I consider my starting choices I'm going through that familiar tug of war 
between wanting to play my intended character (my dwarf or Barbarian Shaman 
Alchemist) and wanting to min-max myself with the racial type best optimized 
for my intended crafting profession. Bah! I've noticed that stats so far 
have had a more dramatic impact than I expected, but then I never got past 
level 24 and was only modestly geared so if it's anything like EQ1 in this 
regard, stats and racial bonuses probably won't be limiting or decisive, 
just nice to have. I'll probably go with my either my dwarf or barbarian 
preference, bonuses be damned.

Probably the best indicator of how I feel about the game is the fact that 
even though I've done almost no gaming other than EQ2 for the last 3 months, 
I'm already missing it and chomping at the bit to get started on Tuesday. 
;-)

See you there!

-- 
Winterfury
Some kind of Mystic & Alchemist
Loyal Citizen of Qeynos

Descendant of the Elder Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie





