From -1729740206032243433
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,351c3d10b34eaf44,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-27 05:09:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!intern1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 27 Dec 2003 07:09:06 -0600
Date: Sat, 27 Dec 2003 08:09:02 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Where to earn plat at level seven
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <XoOdnTlP4eDuGXCiRVn-jg@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 110
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.201
X-Trace: sv3-76GEifSRbRs9+elqAStKQkrnNSmTHlCpJvNXx8dzoU9T1yp7mPv7Mu1KSSH0lrsS5aap2kjSgxeBzeh!wU4tozvJCz1TMbj4cyTbhsoSQDO1g23rwzGcX7jMwhX6yxTSUZuGLHr2xYPpe8nNemLDLAu2HaVZ
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13406

I know, its laughable.

Farm some spiderlings, sell silks for 2pp each.

Also farm wolves, make threads from 'ling and then make leather 
paddings, sell for 5pp each.

Grab a port to CS, practice fishing, sell the cobalt cod.

Take the book to OT, run up to the SF entrance, loot the bodies nobody 
can be bothered with as the powerleveling teams kill too fast and don't 
care about the 2pp per body on average.

Go to Paladul bandits, loot the junk off the bodies, which sells for an 
average of 1pp each.

Hundreds more like this.

Here's the rub: On Discord.

People aren't burning 2pp each for ling's, a) they are getting exp off 
spiderlings same as me, b) they aren't burning 2pp each for something 
trivially easy to get, not when the highest level most of them will get 
is 5 (6 just long enough for someone to get em in their sights) c) 2pp 
is a Fortune for most people on hte server.

Leather Padding is used to make tries at Fine Plate.  While the server 
is unique in that FP would probably sell -if- people had the money to 
spend on it, I doubt there are many people out there making it, 
especially not for a profit.  Heck, if the money exists, a smith might 
clean up on Banded... but FP?  Long road to get to being able to make it 
and little reward.

Cobalt Cod is another trade skill dodge that won't fly here, not to 
mention there is no Velious... and no porters.

No Kunark, no books either, and 2pp loot would be a fortune nobody would 
ignore.

No SOL, no paladul (I know, many of you are now thinking of coming to 
the server just for the joy of watching people try to level without the 
crutch of Paladul.  Don't get too excited, most people get killed at 
level 6 if they don't die before that... and unlike most servers, death 
Matters, its a ticket back to level one)

Further, since its PvP with death mattering, ideas which involve selling 
things to other people are.. inherantly dangerous, at level 7, meeting 
up with someone over level 6 is.. well there's no safe place to do it, 
if you see what I mean.

And going in to zones with high level people killing things and gleaning 
their kills... well trouble there is, those people are -also- capable of 
killing me, as easily as they slaughter the blue mobs they are killing 
for exp.

Go in to lowbie zones and glean kills there?  Thats not as bad an idea, 
except that high levels also hunt in there for their ideal prey; 
recently turned level 6's who may not even realize they just got a "kick 
me" sign pasted to their backs.

Too, ideas that involve a lot of travel aren't very good ones; the 
journey to, say, Everfrost (that fabled land where HQ bear pelts drop 
like rat ears... as if HQ pelts were worth more than a few silvers, see 
smithing above) is extremely long and arduous with no porters, no books, 
no nexus spires... and every player over 6th level looking for easy meat 
at the zone lines (sit at a nice zone narrow zone entrance and you'll be 
able to pick off people as they zone in, before their connection syncs 
back up so they can't even react to being killed).

Why bother?  Well, level 8 spells are crazy, as we've always known. 
Going from 1 gp each to 4 gp each made sense, money is a lot easier to 
come by at level 4 than at level 1.  But jumping from there to 4pp each? 
  Its not -that- much easier to come by at level 8!  If I recall 
correctly, this is the biggest jump in price in the game, at least until 
you start buying your spells from other players.


Best part of all is, when I do get killed, all the cash blown on spells 
is gone forever, I'll have to start all over again.  Fun eh?

Trouble, level 7 human necromancer, Discord
My highest Discord character yet!

ps why human?  Zone line topography.  You can zone from EFP to NRo 
anywhere along a long line.  You can zone from NRo to Oasis anywhere 
along a long line.  Readily killed single pullable mobs anywhere in both 
those zones spanning a wide level range.  Same is true of the WFP EC WC 
corridor, although getting from one set to the other involves moving 
across channels at choke points, even then, the choke points aren't 
likely to be all that camped; there are several different EFP WFP 
connections, so which one to camp?  The tunnel from NRo to EC is rarely 
used, is it worth camping?  Best hunting spots would be places like the 
Nektulous/EC line, where freshly level 6 people might come out looking 
for better hunting, but there's only One place to cross over.

What are the other choices?  Innothule; two choke point exits.  Feerrot, 
two choke point exits.  Akanon, One choke point exit.  GFay, two choke 
point exits, plus the zone in to Crushbone, also a nice choke. 
Butcherblock, one choke point exit.  Everfrost, one choke point exit. 
Paineel, two choke point exits (plus the Hole, but thats not only a 
choke, but nowhere you'd want to go).  Erud, one choke point exit... or 
the boat, which is interesting

Leaving only freeport (which also has a boat) and Qeynos, which has a 
zone line to Qeynos hills, but from there, all exits are choke... or it 
has multiple choke type exits to catacombs and back and forth between SQ 
and NQ, plus the boat.

Trouble



