From -8187353821235425606
X-Google-Thread: fb739,83d6d6c36729f633
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news1.optus.net.au!optus!news.uwa.edu.au!not-for-mail
From: Hughie MacAngus <hughie-200502@grfb.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: EQ1 Anyone actually like the new bazaar? (and other features)
Date: Wed, 16 Feb 2005 14:49:40 +0000 (UTC)
Organization: The University of Western Australia
Lines: 84
Message-ID: <cuvmi2$pn4$1@enyo.uwa.edu.au>
References: <KQxQd.6421$dZ.345490@news20.bellglobal.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: mussel.ucc.gu.uwa.edu.au
X-Trace: enyo.uwa.edu.au 1108565380 26340 130.95.13.18 (16 Feb 2005 14:49:40 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: usenet@enyo.uwa.edu.au
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 16 Feb 2005 14:49:40 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: tin/1.7.6-20040812 ("Gighay") (UNIX) (Linux/2.4.27-grsec (i686))
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:32464

KDragon <nospam.for.me.please@nospam.net> wrote:
: For myself, I detest it. The maze is terrible.

I agree, it's awful. And I don't think I hate it just from a
change-is-bad perspective. It looks completely out of place - nothing
like Shadowhaven (that zone on the way to Paludal), and not much like
the nexus. Actually for a split second I thought I'd zoned into a
revamped nexus. Also the old one actually looked like a marketplace. The
new one wouldn't be so out of place if they'd made it a zone off PoK
(I'd still hate it, but not quite so much from an aesthetic level).

Which brings me to the guild hall. A giant edifice in the corner of PoK
that starts spitting "You can't reach that, get closer" at me as soon as
I port in. Nice work. But at least it's in a non-clashing style.

OK, zone in to the lobby. Nice, this is pretty much what I was
expecting. There's a giant... thing... in the middle. That must be the
corpse summoning altar. Oh wait, it's not, it's a giant ugly thing,
because the corpse summoners are in the side rooms (and watch out, rez
timers expire 20 minutes after summoning, so have your cleric handy).

Guild boards. Apparently they're expecting so many people to be LFGuild
that they added four rooms with guild noticeboards. The LFGuild tool is
a slightly modified LFG tool. Very slightly modified. It's so basic that
if you advertise your guild on there, remember to add "people to
contact" into the message you leave, because it doesn't have anything by
default, like maybe the names of the guild leaders.

But don't worry... if you get a guild, you can enter your guild hall!
Once it loads. In the guild hall:
* Bankers - OK, nice, nothing wrong with these.
* Guild Bank - Nice concept, horrible interface. To put things into the
bank, I have to pick up the item, click the "deposit item" button. It
appears in the "deposits" area, then I click it there, and hit the "add
to bank" button. Then it appears in the main bank, and I can select who
has permission to withdraw it, for each item at a time. I added over 100
items from my guild mule, it was fun.
Actually, I couldn't hit the "add to bank" button. As the guild leader,
I wasn't flagged as "Banker" by default. So I had to add that flag from
the guild tool first.
Once your items are in the bank, the listing is completely unsortable.
Each item has to have its "withdrawal access" level set individually (if
you want to change it). Valid options are "Public" (anyone can take it),
"Banker Only" (obvious), "Public if usable" (anyone who meets the item
restrictions - don't know what this means for spells etc though), and
"Individual" (lets you enter a name for the only person allowed to take
it).
* Tradeskill items - Kilns, forges, looms, etc. Might be useful, but why
would you use them here as compared to a zone with tradeskills vendors?
Also note that encumbrance here does slow you down like a regular zone,
not the bazaar.
* Hot tub - a regeneration pool. Does work. Probably only useful after
your raid wipes and is summoned and rezzed in the lobby. Otherwise you'd
regen faster than it would take you to get all the way back to the guild
hall.
* Teleport pad - Yet another "fuck you" to wizards and druids. You can
buy portal stones from a vendor here that activates the pad. The
destinations are about 10-12 of the regular druid/wiz ports, including
WoS, and range from 10ppish to 210ish (WoS). The portal remains active
to the chosen destination, for all members, until the guild hall is
deinstanced (after everyone leaves) or the destination is changed. As a
wizard (biased perspective, obviously), I didn't mind this in concept
until I saw it. My take is that the portal stones are too cheap (much
less than I often get tipped for the same ports), and go to too recent
destinations (WoS shouldn't be there for another few months at the
earliest). I submitted a petition, saying I couldn't find the vendor
that sold KEI stones.
* Second floor - There's a second floor to the guild hall. It's a very
narrow balcony with nothing else up there. It lets you gaze upon the
ugliness of the hall from on high.

So colour me unimpressed with the guild facilities of the new expansion.
I was actually looking forward to them, but I didn't realise the calibre
of the trained hamsters Sony had coding those features.

But that's OK, there's more to a new expansion than the features. There
are new zones to explore! I ran down to lavastorm. Nobody in the good
camp would talk to me, but I could open the screen from the rewards
vendor. None seemed to give a faction quest to let me talk to the
others. And the evil camp just tried to kill me straight away. So I went
to bed. Maybe I'll see some dragons tomorrow (or at least get a camp to
talk to me).

Hugh


