From -7668492724372969572
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,81991a5eaeb56951,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-03-17 05:28:50 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-xit-09!supernews.com!216.170.153.135.MISMATCH!tdsnet-transit!newspeer.tds.net!enews.sgi.com!news.xtra.co.nz!newsfeed01.tsnz.net!ken-transit.news.telstra.net!news.telstra.net!nsw.nnrp.telstra.net!not-for-mail
From: "James Hicks" <jhicks@hiddenmail.nyer>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Kuloth's little Guild That Could
Lines: 184
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <wVjda.11$j97.7789@nsw.nnrp.telstra.net>
Date: Tue, 18 Mar 2003 00:20:07 +1100
NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.221.106.137
X-Complaints-To: abuse@telstra.net
X-Trace: nsw.nnrp.telstra.net 1047907036 203.221.106.137 (Tue, 18 Mar 2003 00:17:16 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 18 Mar 2003 00:17:16 EST
Organization: Customer of Telstra Internet Direct
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:271764

Monual's Epic Saga it ain't, but its a story a little more relevant, perhaps
to many of us - a mid level growing guild's first practise raid in a long
while :)

Where do you take 1 full 50's group, a 40's group and a whole bunch of 30's?

Mistmoore sprang to mind, apparently, so we set a date and I looked forward
to it with trepidation and something approaching sexual arousal.

Actually, I read about it 2 nights before on the guild website, guiltily
checking it just before the weekend, paniced and spent about 2.5k on resist
gear <g>

Anyway, the raid was noon sunday my time, which is a time I had hitherto
thought to be largely mythical. Scowling, I set my alarm for an hour before,
and despite this careful planning and a healthy 5 hours sleep, I was a few
minutes late for the muster :/

I was also unable to find aego or virtue in the time I had, although I did
manage to collect a C3 and BoT9, both of which wore off before the raid was
half over.

Despite being an unforgiveable 15 minutes late (shocking for an officer
methinks), I was given a slight reprieve in that the designated Raid Leader
didn't come online until about half an hour after that, and that the last
member of the guild to turn up didn't arrive until about an hour after the
actual raid began.

Well, I turned up, got assigned to the "uber" group (myself 52sk, 53 ranger,
53 wizzy (he *IS* uber), the 56 warrior from another guild who turned up to
help (guess im not MT today <g>) - he's the co-leaders BF, and eventually my
53 pally friend who I invited in when he came online). (so many brackets in
that sentence I was tempted to put a ; at the end)

Anyway, with us duly sorted into groups, I noticed that one of the 30's had
pulled a pair of mobs, so I ran up and splatted them. This is a Raid, right?
Anyway, the kid (I think he really is a Kid) yells in the raid channel:

"Kul aren't you in the 50's grp?"
"Yup!," I answer
"Well, why are you hitting mobs? 50's are here to help not kill!"
"I'm here to kill." I inform him, perhaps for future reference, but I ignore
his next pull and wait for the leader to turn up / begin giving
instructions. The idea that twenty of us had turned up to powerlevel some
level 30's struck me as rather odd, certainly not something I recalled
voting on as an officer, in fact if asked I'm sure I would've given some
sort of Darwinian reasoning for not powerlevelling anyone in the guild
unless they'd been dealt an unfair hand by fate and proven their fortitude
anyway. Or something.

Anyway, we eventually kick off.

"Let's go" says leader, and I follow him towards some mobs, which agro him
and promptly get plastered all over the walls. Strangely none of the 30's
complain about this, possibly because they and about 80% of the raid almost
immediately get lost after the leader rounds the second bend. This includes
me, as I turn to finish a fight, turn about and woof, gone is the leader and
I am surrounded by my directionless guildies.

After he eventually hears our pleas for guidance and our requests for a more
stately pace for our menacing column, he returns for us and we follow him to
the graveyard, which we promtply empty. I once again draw agro from the
30ish kid who'd yelled at me earlier for killing mobs he and the other 30's
could be getting experience from.

"You're not here to kill everything! You're here to help!" he pleas, as our
wizzy ice comets a green with a giggle.

"I can't speak for everyone else, but I am definitely here to kill
everything." I inform him, perhaps for future reference. Perhaps, rather, I
am talking to myself.

"hahaha spoken like a true ShadowKnight", chimes in my pally friend. Nobody
else responds.

"Apparently we're here to PL <kidsname>", I remark in my group chat, which
draws some chuckles and a "looks like it!"

Ok, think I, and let it slide. Having splatted the graveyard, not sure why,
we leave it and progress up the ramp to the bridge and the Castle entrance,
from which the Kid pulls a nice train which the other 30's whack, while I
sit down feeling like an old fart at Christmas. Luckily the 56 warrior along
for the ride becomes quickly tired of the Kid's trains and begins pulling
his own, while the Kid is leashed to a tree. The 30's whack mobs a plenty,
and the higher groups smash up whatever cons cyan or blue to us. Or whatever
else agros us, takes our fancy, looks the wrong way at our HOT female
cleric, or is wearing the colour 'lilac'.

Things go swimmingly until the Kid begins to whine about not being allowed
to pull anymore. He then complains that he's not getting much XP (although
he'd been looting near everything thus far which must have added up to quite
a haul - those gargoyle eyes go for 9 plat). He begins bagging out the Raid
and the Guild, at which point I mention in group chat (remebmer this is the
50's group, contains 90% of our officers and our Guild leader) that I would
like to remove <the kid> from the guild. He leaves the raid and is ported
out (amidst snickering that our wizzy should TL him to Cazic).

A lull in the pull gives me time to say in the raid channel:
"I think Raids are about patience, self discipline and a respected chain of
command" (have been on 3 raids to date but someone had to say something I
reckon and I was probably about as qualified as any ;)
I didn't even need to follow on, someone else immediately added:
"Three things <the kid> has shown himself to be without!"

I nod sagely and we continue pulls. Well... The last time we went to
Mistmoore was for our Shammy's epic (he's 51 and eventually turned up and
joined the 50's group, much to my delight... gotta love HoS and Haste
(HoSaH!)), and I have to say we didn't progress as far into the castle,
although we did kill a higher nubmer of mobs and given the number of lower
level characters about it would probably have made a bit of a mess. As it
was we only had a few deaths (our 41 cleric died twice, the 56 warrior
managed to buy it once or twice and one of the 30's fell off the cliff and
fought bravely but briefly at the bottom against some personal adds)

My own role was interesting. Mobs often died faster than I could click on
them and auto attack, which was annoying, I need to speed up my target and
attack, but on 5 hours sleep I was a bit slow and who could blame me.
Anyway, with the warrior pulling such crowds of mobs, our Wizzy and an
invite 51 mage were AOE nuking, and our cleric got the stuffing beat out of
her whenever she tried to heal the warrior. I took to practising the fine
art of train derailing, and quickly began wishing that SK's had some sort of
very powerful AOE agro - my AOE str drain just wasn't cutting it, and my EVO
isn't high enough to use the weedy 100hp point blank AOE nuke..... not that
it holds agro against a heal let alone a wizzy AOE. So, Kuloth took to
targeting mobs in the train one at a time and building agro. Nuke one, nuke
another, hit a third, cast taunt spell on a fourth, should've memmed my
other taunt spell but as I said, was a little out of my head with tiredness
unfortunately. My pet was doing his usual impressive damage to whatever was
fooled into hitting me.

I also found the will sappers and all the other kinky looking girls who
share a graphic with them to be very distracting, and I blame them on my
lacklustre train derailing performance. This went on for literally hours and
was actually quite fun, although I found the rapidity of the fights annoying
after a while (hilarious at first) and I'm surprised given the size of the
trains the warrior was deliberately pulling how few deaths we had. I only
came close once, and that was after a huge train which killed cleric very
quickly. Having hit the crowd with a bunch of aoe's (i'd gone back to them
for some reason) they were very cross with me (which at the time was great
because the warrior was very hurt and had a few still on him) and began
slowly wearing me down (its amazing how much damage a horde of greens can
really do!). I thought "this is gonna hurt" and even announced to my group
"ima die!" but picking them off one at a time with my Black Uber Halberd
wore down the crowd and then some AOE nukes hit and they all had a bit of a
lie down while I bandaged up.

I'm very happy to say that despite deliberately selecting the casters to
agro for the several hours we were pulling there, I only noticed *one* spell
land, unfortunately it was a boiling blood right when my hitpoints were at
that very low point. Luckily bandaging after the slaughter seemed faster
than the DoT. (everyone with a healing spell was dead or OOM) Looks like my
money was well spent on the resist gear ;)

The best move that anyone made at the raid was during the warrior's worst
pull that I saw..... definitely over extended himself and looked to reach
the bridge only to die on it, and the pally ran down it spamming "Incoming
Loh for <warrior>" - hammering his LoH key... well it landed when he set
foot on the bridge and worked VERY well - mobs split between pally and
warrior nicely and despite the size of the train I was able to get a few
myself and we kept them together in a nice tight gaggle - the cleric was
saved from suicidal agro by not having to cheal and the crowd were quickly
AOE'd down :)

Shortly after my near death experience, we broke up the raid and ported out.
I felt a little bit let down, we hadn't really achieved anything major, but
had got in some nice practise, picked up a little bit of decent loot for our
mid levels, and exposed one or two glaring weaknesses.

I'm pushing to have the Kid removed from the guild, if it hasn't already
been done. We're growing very quickly and although we're trying to be
selective and careful at the same time it's bound to result in a few bad
apples turning up in the bunch, and we need to be able to identify them
quickly and boot their unworthy asses before they get us all killed. My
opinion. I'm very happy with everyone else in the guild athough most of us
need to look at punctuality and organisation.

At the rate we're growing I don't think we'll be Povar's uberguild any time
soon but I'm hoping to be, say, kunark raid level by december, to pick a
goal out of thin air :)

Cheers,
Kuloth




