From 3359528135685629388
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bc2a654bd9c2d9e1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-22 17:15:41 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <sorry@nospamforme.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Lord Nagafen is still Dead
Date: Sat, 22 Nov 2003 17:08:02 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <vs02abgbp99j44@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <sorry@nospamforme.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 134
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:8763

When I first started playing EverQuest about 5 years ago, hitting level 50
seemed an impossibly distant goal. With all the mythology surrounding the
mystery of the "endgame",  I never quite knew what to make of stories of the
awe-inspiring dragons, Lord Nagafen and Lady Vox. Not something I was very
likely to see, anyway, given my erratic availability.

So it was with some sense of history that I finally laid deep into Nagafen's
Lair today with a fortuitous pickup raid and a singular purpose: take out a
Dragon. The irony of having to hold back leveling the last few weeks to
avoid being *too high* to fight him was wearing thin, and I was eager to
consummate this rite of passage.

Now, I know that most readers of this NG have probably been through more
raids already than I will see in the rest of my career, but this was my
first and you know what they say about the first time. I dont know how it
compares to other events, of course, but I gotta say, I was excited. I was
jazzed, I was hungry and I was READY.

It seemed like a very well organized effort from the beginning. There must
have been 50 people participating. Orders were summarized on the FV ezboard
forum where the raid had been announced, and clear instructions on where to
meet, at what time, and what to expect, were all laid out. When I got to the
Druid Rings in Lavastorm there was a raid channel in place and grouping
assignments were already occurring.

I've led raids in other games (DAoC) so I know the incredible pressures on a
raid organizer. There are the incessant incoming tells from well-meaning
individuals trying to help and oblivious to the fact that you can't possibly
parse their little insights out of the noise, let alone respond. There are
the inevitable idiots shouting "someone can give me a temp plz" even after
you've stated that buffs will not start till we are inside and the word is
given, and please don't use the raid channel to shout for them. "can someone
sow me plz". /slap

The group I was in was a mixed affair. I had been assigned to work with a
Paladin, Wizard, Druid, Ranger and Bard. The Pally was our group leader and
he was good. He followed orders and was clear and explicit with his
direction. The bard was also quite experienced and mature. Smart, too. The
Mage was a little wise-ass, but I liked her, the Druid didn't say a word.
The Ranger embarassed us all by being told to STFU more times than anyone in
the raid. When you think of those bratty little kids in the back seat of a
car asking every five minutes "Are we there yet? Are we there yet?", that
was him. He entertained himself by running around us in circles and shouting
in the raid channel for buffs every five minutes.

We were one of the groups that went in early to help clear the path. We took
out some swarms of DB lava crawlers, but it was mostly an uneventful entry.
At one point, I saw the raid message that Splendid had died, followed by one
other player. I figured Splendid was part of another group that had gone
ahead to try and take out the fire giants guarding the entrance to the the
dragon. Cool, this is actually a more coordinated raid operation than I'd
imagined.

The dungeon approaching Naggy is a fairly angular set of stone passageways
and ramps, very different from the fiery pits at the entrance to the zone,
leading to a small open cul de sac that is the final logical stopping point
before heading into Naggy's actual spot. Here we parked and began the most
tense phase of the event: waiting. We were told to wait while our scouts
reconned our situation and reported back. Our Ranger was insufferable at
this point, running in circles, asking for buffs in the raid channel and of
course being told to stay out of the raid channel and to wait for buffs.
This would be followed by comments nearby in say "can i plz get some buffs"
and another round of "STFU" and "Wait for buffs" from the raid channel.

Then the word came to start buffing. This is where I shine and I got to work
putting a full array of STR, DEX, AGI, STA, HP and Resists on our team.
There was more casting going on in this location than I'd ever seen and all
it did was heighten the excitement. OMG, what's this going to be like? How
many of us will die? I had heard stories that we would all be Feared and the
advice was to switch to Walk at that point, so as to not stray far. I had
visions of half the team running to their deaths in fiery lava pits, while
the other half burned to a crisp from the unassailable waves of AE attacks.
The Bard and I stacked our resists to the point where most on the team were
carrying in excess of 300-350 MR and FR, which I thought was pretty good.
Additionally, I was chomping down on various stat foods for STA (HP is my
lifeblood). A 60 Enchantress was along for the ride and refreshed everyone's
KEI and Hasted the MT and his supporting group of fighters. A Healers
channel was set up and I was graciously invited to participate for bridge
healing. All of this preparation, all of this energy, I was convinced that
all of us were going to die after a three hour fight and all our extended
buffs had worn out!

The main tank prepared us for the charge. He said that he would enter, gain
aggro and then give the shout to "GO" at which point we would all charge.
Now,  Naggy knows better than to wait alone to be killed week after week and
so he has a protective NPC nearby, the Magus Rokyl. Apparently this huge,
turbaned Giant complicates things so we assigned a team dedicated to taking
the Magus out, while everyone else would pour it on the dragon. I hadn't
heard anything about a Magus beforehand, now I knew we were all going to
die.

And then it happened. The MT shouted "GO" and the rush was on. Suddenly 50
people were rushing through the archway and into the big open, rocky cave
area. The Ranger was totally beside himself, running over everyone in his
path to glory. To the left, as we entered, stood the Magi Rokyl. And to his
right, there he was, the Lord Nagafen. Long and wide, spindly and red, and
he was PISSED. Millions of little greenish white skulls flooded our way as
the Dragon's Roar started to assail our team with Fear. I saw bodies drop in
place and people running back out the entrance, no doubt Feared and out of
contol. I found an uncrowded spot near the action and waited and watched. No
dent in the dragon's hp yet, but I didn't expect any different. Amazingly,
however, within seconds the dragon's HP started going down and going down
fast. As everyone took position and started laying into the beast, the
damage just flew and Naggy started disappearing. At about 60% I threw a Slow
at him and it was resisted. Another, resisted. Finally, a third, resisted. I
was going to throw a Malosi at him but before I could think to load it I
started involuntarily running toward the entrance. Ack! I was Feared! I
watched in horror at the thought that I was going to wind up in some stupid
hallway while everyone was celebrating victory and then suddenly, I was back
in control. I ran back into the room, took my position and started throwing
nukes. And amazingly, the dragon's hp bar disappeared. The great  Lord
Nagafen was dead and the whole thing was over in less than four minutes.
Hah!

Coirnav? Hah! Bring him on!

Heh, ok, with the exception of a few of us (like Splendid), we were just a
bunch of excitable newcomers to the raid scene, drunk with our first chunky
taste of raid victory and we wanted more. Unfortunately, there wasn't enough
experienced leadership interest to lead the charge on to Lady Vox, so off we
flew to the Nexus for the loot split. For me, the battle had been fun enough
and I didn't stick around to participate in most of the loot split, the odds
were against it anyway. I just kept thinking about Vox and wondering if I
should keep waiting for the next Vox raid or resume leveling.

I decided to resume leveling. The journey is the reward.

Oh my god, what a game. What I have got myself into?

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Mystic-Shaman of 53 Winters
Citizen of Firiona Vie




