From 8161912583575424871
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e9bc21ff9f6127b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-17 01:16:30 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!cyclone.tampabay.rr.com!cyclone.austin.rr.com!twister.austin.rr.com.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: dday@houston.rr.com (Dan Day)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Points systems and why I hate em
Message-ID: <3d35144b.521027945@news-server.houston.rr.com>
References: <3D345F67.A4B0B971@dejazzd.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.01/32.397
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 172
Date: Wed, 17 Jul 2002 08:14:21 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.25.13.184
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: twister.austin.rr.com 1026893661 66.25.13.184 (Wed, 17 Jul 2002 03:14:21 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 17 Jul 2002 03:14:21 CDT
Organization: Road Runner - Texas
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:212663

On Tue, 16 Jul 2002 18:02:10 GMT, Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com> wrote:

>OK, so there you are in a guild.  They run loot on a points
>system.  What happens?  Some people have more points
>than others; basically they play more so they go to raids more
>and accumulate points faster.
>
>They get all the loot they want at those raids.

Then you need a better system.

I'm an officer of a raiding alliance on the Quellious server.
Several smaller guilds band together to achieve things
that would normally take a much larger guild.

It's working pretty well, overall.  But we're about to
institute a points system, because we learned that no
matter how much we'd like to do things on the honor
system, there will be a significant number of people
who simply won't come to raids where they personally
don't expect to get loot.

I'm a "all for one and one for all" player, but a lot
of folks are strictly "what's in it for me" players.

We tried just letting people come to the raids they
wanted to come to, but it caused several big problems:

1.  We'd be awkwardly overloaded with players on some
raids, and critically short-handed on others, depending
on what drops were expected for which classes.  If we
invited more guilds into the alliance to cover possible
shortfalls on some raids, it would only make the
overloads worse on other raids.

2.  Epic raids (i.e. going to kill some tough mob to
help player X achieve a step in his epic weapon quest)
were even worse, since *no one* could expect any
tangible results except player X.  And yet, being
able to marshall the forces needed to do epics
was one of the big reasons for forming the
raiding alliance in the first place.  This issue
came to a head when a Chardok raid we had planned
was sidetracked to kill Ixiblat in BW for one of
our member Cleric's epic.  The raid leader put
the change of plans to a vote, and just about
everyone on the raid decided to help the Cleric.
Then:

   a_shaman_01 tells chardok:3, 'fine im leaving'
   a_shaman_01 tells chardok:3, 'i vote that i came hereto 
       get shm loot but it seems only the casters are in on loot'
   a_shaman_01 tells chardok:3, 'gnight'
   a_shaman_01 tells chardok:3, 'adios im off to get 
       some lewt in kc or somethiung'

Needless to say, this same Shaman wanted all of
us to help him on *his* epic fights...

3.  Every time we had the regular raiders experienced
and trained to work together like a well oiled machine,
we'd have a gaggle of other folks finally show up
for a raid because something they wanted dropped there.
And chaos would ensue, because they had seldom if
ever raided with us before, had little raiding
experience, and thought that raid leader orders to
the team were just suggestions which could be ignored
if they wished.

4.  The regular raiders resented it (and rightly so,
IMNSHO) when they had done all the long hard work scouting
out zones, learning how to raid efficiently, dying
a lot until they got things right, and so on, and then 
some Johnny-come-lately who couldn't be bothered to
do any of that jumps in and wins the hard
won loot on his first day riding on their coattails.


So the necessity of a points system became obvious,
not just to the officers but to the members of the
alliance as well.

A points system would give everyone a reason to come
to as many raids as possible, even if nothing they
needed was likely to drop on a particular raid --
the points they earned doing the "help out" raids
would enable them to acquire the things they *did* 
want on other raids.

However, we weren't really happy with any of the
points systems that are currently written up on
the net.

As you point out, some are poorly executed and
reward regular raiders *too* much at the expense
of newcomers or more casual raiders.

And as officers, we weren't happy with any
system that would require a large time investment
like setting "prices" for every worthwhile item 
in the game, especially since such figures would
be pretty arbitrary and open the door to arguments
from raiders.

Finally, we really hated systems that, as James
mentioned, could lead to good items rotting for
lack of "buyers".

Another prime consideration was the KISS
principle -- Keep It Simple, Stupid.  Some
points systems I've read are about as
simple and easy to understand as the US Tax Code...

We haven't yet solidified our proposed points
system yet, but here are the basic ideas
that are taking shape:

1.  Players earn points for attending raids,
and for staying until the raid wraps up,
and for arriving on time -- and for any other
activity we may decide needs to be encouraged
which people don't always care to do when
left on their own...

2.  When loot drops, you may roll only if
you meet a Need Before Greed criteria -- it
must be an upgrade for you, and it must
be something you can and will use on the
character you have at the raid.  Raid
leader is arbiter of any disputes.  (We've
always used this rule anyway.)

3.  Anyone who can roll (as per #2) can
roll to 100.  Anyone who has raid points
can "buy" additional rolls, however.
X points will buy you an extra /random 100.
You can buy as many extra rolls as you
can afford.  This buys you better odds,
but there's still the possibility that you
could lose to someone raiding for the
first time who is rolling a single 100.  This
way *everyone* has a chance (newcomers aren't
locked out entirely), yet people who have
been on more raids get bonus odds.

If you win the roll, you "spend" all the
points you used to "buy" the bonus rolls.
If you lose, you spend a fraction of the
points you used to "buy" your bonus rolls.
This way people don't get screwed by losing
all their raid points on a string of crappy rolls
with nothing to show for it, but there's still
a price to be paid for buying bonuses
every time you roll (plus the system needs
"point sinks" wherein more people raiding
results in larger point expenditures in
the system).

4.  Raiding time is a limited commodity
(people want more raids than we have days
to do them).  So we let the points system
regulate the supply/demand curve.  Anyone
who wants a raid on their behalf (epics,
usually, but perhaps some other type)
bids in an auction against other people
who also want a raid.  The highest bidder
gets the next raid, and his point total
is deducted accordingly.  (We still do
"officer decided" raids, but this is
how we will fill the "elective" raid
calendar).



