From 1372654987470014402
X-Google-Thread: fb739,fbb3ba6d495af71b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 30 Jun 2007 07:57:00 -0500
Date: Sat, 30 Jun 2007 08:56:57 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.12 (Windows/20070509)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Even Bars
References: <deudnS9R8ody0RvbnZ2dnUVZ_syunZ2d@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <deudnS9R8ody0RvbnZ2dnUVZ_syunZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <g9Sdna4r1qGBzhvbnZ2dnUVZ_qSrnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 75
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.55.237
X-Trace: sv3-NfAcw4IYF2HwMpPQO0PBDxRU18aTXKAzlFyvOhOeJoyeeXsxrmzcqGDbxDL/LnLZXgFsGOlHJoY97rZ!OGcs8VZTAfRjYFH3m6P3OW/VmRAnItdDywQR2v23CHmzSNVhzP719tMxRBVaTRiRnUw40jtxnf1y!vgLMeUIbkQw=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.35
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11488

Advanced notes:

DOTs can be a good way to do substantial damage to a mob thats going to 
live for a while.  But with even bar strategy, you need to get a feel 
for how well that investment is going to pay off; essentially you burn 
mana heavy early in the fight, your mana bar drops much faster than your 
hp bar.  But then you stop spending mana, your HP bar gradually drops, 
and if you've guessed correctly, you end up with even bars at the end... 
which is how I worded the strategy.

For an SK, the Lifetap Over Time line is particularly interesting here, 
as you'll be getting heals while damaging the mob.  Do the math, though, 
and its only mana efficient if the mob survives the entire run of the 
LOT, otherwise  you'd have been better off using straight taps, or 
straight DOTs.

Pets are a special case; they make up a third bar, but one that follows 
different rules.

The out of combat rest system, which is the rock this strategy is built 
on, applies differently to pets.  They don't have to wait 30 seconds for 
it to kick in, and their regen rate is much faster than the bars of a PC 
when it does kick in.  You can even kick it in artificially by using Pet 
Hold once you get that AA; in the middle of combat, if they aren't 
getting hit, they'll regen HP at that crazy rate.  This means the most 
efficient plan would be one that drops your pet's HP bar down to nearly 
dead as often as possible.  For an SK, this can be problematic... but 
getting lil'bones some serious HP buffing can make a difference in a 
tough fight.  Let the pet take some hits while you back off or FD or 
whatever, hopefully with a LOT and maybe even a celestial regen potion 
running, it can make a difference.

FD is another special case.  Under FD, you don't get OOCombat regen, you 
  don't even get Sit regen rates.  You're stuck.  Here's where even bars 
strategy fails; to be really efficiently regenning while FD you'd have 
to know your actual regen rate and your total FT rate, and the ratio 
between them and your HP and mana bars respectively.  Maybe you'd want 
half your HP bar and a quarter of your mana bar, or vice versa. 
Luckily, its rare that you'll care about efficiency if you're actually 
relying on FD regen, at that point you'll probably take whatever you can 
get.  A good plan, though, if possible, is to lay on a LOT and a 
Celestial Regen potion before you drop to the ground, if possible.  If 
you have a healer partner (I know, this strategy is mainly aimed at 
soloers) then she can heal you while you are down without getting any 
aggro transfer at all.

Five minute mobs are also an annoyance for this strategy.  It still 
applies if you're taking some down and then sitting to regen.  But if 
you're chaining thru them well, see what I said above about trivial 
content.  At any rate, either way you're in sort of the same boat as 
when FD'd; your actual mana and hp regen rates will be in force for the 
five minutes before OOCombat regen kicks in.  Your goal would be to have 
the bars reach even just as you cross that line.

Come to think of it, for true efficiency the same would be true of even 
the non "raid" mob, 30 second period before OOC.

One thing I tend to do if I have more mana than HP going into a regen 
cycle is to cast some buffs, if they're getting close to expiring. 
Indoors, doing this in the 30 second interval is best, since your regen 
rate is much lower then anyway.  Outdoors, assuming you are mounted, you 
can do this at any time, in fact it would be the most efficient to do it 
fairly late in your meditation cycle, at the point where your mana bar 
has just hit full.  This would give max duration to the buff, which 
won't be doing you much good -during- the regen phase.

Healers can use this same theory in groups, not on their own HP bars, 
but rather on that of their tank.  If your mana bar and your tank's HP 
are at the same point when you go into OOCombat regen, thats going to be 
the most efficient use of your two resources.  This strategy only makes 
sense if you're actually doing the fight fight fight, regen plan, 
though, for the most part the actual advantage to it is too small to 
worry about, particularly at higher levels where the tank's HP bar 
probably goes from full to 10% and back up several times during even one 
fight.


