From 5468927153612854766
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d9f47597a66b6ec8,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 22 Aug 2004 09:32:08 -0500
Date: Sun, 22 Aug 2004 10:32:06 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: You are the weakest link
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <gdCdnZH4O9z0M7XcRVn-pA@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 211
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.252.109
X-Trace: sv3-3gBQIBUVj3MaqL9F/VJpiyHU5Z6BGi3lGnSr2ECXwOYdQ4TfX5Nrfyd5Rxt8jTvRwa8DfEr9u237YEQ!8Ff/YuObkWEx6s/UkNRwAhy1F6EgDQ7ns4nXKqzDf2QiKSnIhk1VDMlpgxHiF+meaZYhuuV0JKh0
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.13
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14210

Got an invite to a POJ group, which tends to be a bit boring but safe 
exp... and I rarely turn down an invite anyway.

SO off I go.  Good news, I'm told they are at Cappy... whooo, one of the 
rare groups that doesn't just sit at zone out.

I zone in, run to Captain... its empty.  I send a reply saying as much 
while poking my head into the next room in case they are wandering. 
They say go to POI.

Scrolling back up, I did get a tell saying to go to poi.. which in lower 
case, at the bottom of the screen, looks just like poj because the 
formatting cuts the tail off of the j.  Hadn't paid enough attention.

But I'm a bit distracted at this point, because inside the next room, 
which I guess I've never opened, are several KOS mobs, Tormented 
Wraiths, all coming right for me.  I'm running down the twisty 
corridors, getting beat down and collecting rat adds, can't snare em 
fast enough to keep up, with my 1 every 12 seconds snare cycle. 
Meanwhile I'm foolishly trying to converse with my missing group...

You can see what's coming; SOWless, no Run AA yet, I'm trying to hop 
skip and jump my way ahead of the mobs... but I'm in a tell, so instead 
of jumping I'm just adding blank spaces to my tell line, like a bard 
saying 33 44 55.

By the time I clear up this little bobble I'm down to 12% hp, and I keep 
gettting stunned before I can get clear of the mass of rats on my tail 
(the wraiths are all still snared back there somewhere)... I die within 
steps of the zone line.

Run back from POK soulbinder, as I reach body the group I trained offers 
me a rez; that Train warning key paying off again.  Its a pally rez, 
75%, but its better than the dry loot I was about to eat, plus I don't 
like to turn down generous offers even when they aren't top of the line.

I do manage to politely get him not to heal me up though, the man is 
working, after all, no need to spend mana on something I can do myself.

So, buffless, rez effects still on, off I go to POI.

When I arrive (5 minutes after being asked, which is sad for a run from 
POK to POI, but not nearly as bad as what many group invites will pull)

Group is right there at zonein, I get Follow message before I'm finished 
zoning.

Mage, Necro, Shaman, Monk and me, Zerker.  I mention that I'm utterly 
unbuffed, even as I start clicky buffing myself; I've found that 
anything good overwrites my stuff, and anything that doesn't get 
overwritten is at least an improvement over nothing.  Skin like Steel, 
Spirit Strength, Inner Shielding, Fungal Regrowth.

Shaman announces he's not going to buff anyone, will need mana for 
heals.  I shudder.

Shaman is willing to haste, at least.. then oddly puts regen on me even 
though I've said my regen is fine.  His is certainly better than mine, 
mind you, but mine is free and I'm much sooner have 
IOS/HOS/Stamina/Strength, any of the above, on a "mana is too tight to 
fully buff" situation.  Not that such a situation exists anyway, but 
thats another matter.

Warrior arrives, says he's got full buffs on.  Which is a relief as I'm 
certainly not going to be able to tank this stuff with Skin like Steel 
as my only hp buff, slower or no slower.

We have a brief discussion about adds, its inconclusive, no answer as to 
whether we are rooting or off tanking... only thing we do decide is that 
necro mezzing isn't going to do the job here, he's only 46 or so and 
hasn't been able to stick mez reliably at all in the zone.

Monk goes out and pulls, brings back a single, and we go to work. 
Warrior has a hella time keeping aggro, mob ping pongs between him, me, 
monk, and shaman.  We manage to get the job done, but its sloppy.

Shaman complains this is going to be impossible.  He's right, of course, 
but that was the first mob, and we have to adjust tactics, IMO, you 
don't expect perfect right out of the gate.

Second pull goes a bit better, but its still a general melee, shaman 
announces he's only going to heal the warrior, which is fine with me.  I 
still can't find a rythm, though, keep getting aggro and keeping it for 
a while.  Stop stunning of course, slow down on the frenzy, but I'm 
still too annoying just with WMBS; frenzy every 15 seconds or so still 
gets me the love if I manage a double shot triple frenzy.

Shaman is spitting mad, even though he didn't spend any mana on me at 
all; I understand I'm not supposed to get hit any, but to be honest 
thats not something I'm good at thus far, I have to really throttle back 
on my DPS and utility to the group to not get hit at all, and I'm really 
happy to take a round or two every now and then in order to push the 
envelope, since if I'm FHP my regen is going to waste.

Now comes the blowup.  Monk is trying an FD split, but something goes 
wrong; looks to me as though he brought mobs back too close to us, but 
later someone says someone healed him while he wasn't FD, someone else 
says warrior pulled off him without orders.  I'm not really sure what 
the details are, but the result is two mobs in camp.

Necro is too low level, can't stick mez to either.  Both are on warrior 
and chewing him up bad, shaman healing isn't keeping up.  I switch to 
the add and pull it off him, which is childs play, only competing with 
buddy aggro.  I try off tanking the add, but thats not going well, I'm 
down to 50% hp when I change tactics and start running laps around the 
GY.  Its fairly easy to keep the mob on my tail, with snare and stun to 
pump aggro up, I do a bit of damage throwing axes too, but nothing 
consequential.

Shaman is bubbling with rage that I'm running instead of fighting, I 
ignore him.  He's having enough trouble keeping the warrior afloat.

First mob dies, and group starts chasing my mob.  Shaman is still 
shrieking, warrior asks me to stop so he can get aggro.  Now I stop, go 
from 50% to 20%, and take off again.  I run a few more laps till shaman 
finally heals me, then I stop again and soak damage with my attack off 
till the warrior's taunt finally works.  After a bit I try attacking 
again and instantly the mob is on me, so I jolt and back off, and go to 
throwing.

Mob dies, nobody in the group does, I count this as a success; sloppy 
perhaps, but it worked.

Shaman, however, is still livid about my inability to play my class, 
about not running around with mobs chasing me, about my ancestry...

Now that I have time to do more than bark responses while trying to run 
circles, keep aggro, not get hit by the original target (who took time 
out from slapping the warrior to punch me whenever I got close for some 
reason), and not get too close to the potential adds just outside the 
GY, I try to explain what I felt was going on.

Mysteriously, I'm given leadership by the mage who invited me.  Sort of 
a message.

Now here's my thinking.  I don't have root or mez, monk doesn't have 
root or mez, warrior doesn't have root or mez and is busy anyway, mage 
doesn't have root or mez (flame pet up), necro can't stick root or 
mez... only person who might be able to do something about the add is 
the shaman, and I'm willing to grant that he's too busy chain healing 
the MT to do so.  This means CC is down to two choices, tank it or kite it.

This ain't my first ro-de-o, I can compare how fast my HP bar is 
dropping compared to how fast the original target's HP bar is dropping, 
and conclude that I'll be dead before the team can come pull the add off 
me; with no healing its a foregone conclusion.

That leaves kiting.  What did this hurt?  Well, the team had to take 
down the original mob without my DPS.  But I already wasn't stunning 
because I couldn't do that and keep the mob on the MT.  And if I was off 
tanking the add I also wouldn't be using my DPS on the original target. 
  So realistically, the original target died just as soon as it would 
have if I'd off tanked, and the shaman didn't spend any more mana on the 
project than he would have if I'd off tanked.

Now when it came to the add, I'll admit it would have been more damaged 
when the team got to it if I'd off tanked longer.  BUT the fact is, I'd 
have died and the add would have gone to work on someone else, any one 
of which would likely also have died; the mage and necro were too 
fragile to tank long at all, same to a slightly lesser extent is true of 
their pets, the MT was barely kept standing by the shaman with one mob 
beating on him, and the shaman... well the shaman could have survived 
off tanking, but he probably couldn't keep the MT alive while doing so.

Shaman says when -he- gets aggro from slow, he doesn't run around, he 
stands there and waits for someone to take the aggro off him.  I respond 
that A) he's not a berserker, he's a shaman, he can just slap stoicism 
on himself and stand up for quite a while.  B) He has roughly twice my 
hp total, due to being buffed up while I'm wearing a level 30 druid buff 
as my sole HP bonus, and C) he doesn't have snare, so shaman kiting is a 
lot trickier, requiring more room (due to relying on SOW to stay faster 
than mob, bigger circles) which we don't have and D) no matter how long 
I waited, nobody was going to take aggro off me, if anything that was my 
job, what, am I going to take aggro off myself?

We exchange a couple more salvos, then I disband him.

Group applauds.

We replace him with a druid (the monk's character, he swaps to druid), 
which means no more slows, no more hastes, and really no improvement on 
heals.... nonetheless this goes better than with the shaman, because by 
now we've figured out the rythm needed to keep aggro on the MT; he's 
stopped taunting willy nilly, and instead waits till I get hit.  So I 
still get aggro as often, more often really, as before, but its only a 
few hundred points of damage before it goes back to MT.  There is, 
however, a fair amount of medding/hp regenning involved.  Druid is 
having trouble splitting mobs, too, as many are immune to harmony.

Then we get a cleric, another cleric passing thru hits me with Virtue, 
we get the monk back instead of the druid, and start doing fairly well; 
fast enough that the cleric ends up spending some mana using HOTs on me 
as I'm still dipping down as low as 50% hp at times, when I get aggro 
and MT's taunt fails to work; his mana bar is staying full enough that 
waiting for me to regen HP would be slower than just spending the couple 
hundred mana on the HOT.

Finally an enchanter shows up LFG, and as its late, I offer to leave so 
they have a slot open for him; with slow and haste and a cleric for 
heals they'll be in much better shape even though they are losing my DPS 
in exchange.

If thats not the first time I've disbanded someone, its close to it, 
can't be more than two or three; certainly its the first time since 
returning to the game in June.

Grage, 53 Berserker, Luclin






