From -1280749326892934856
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9dc386de50d30759,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-05-03 03:59:48 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Nortlav the Scalekeeper
Date: Fri, 03 May 2002 06:56:17 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3CD26CD1.5EF65BE9@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 102
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:192191

A friday morning tale to hopefully entertain and possibly enlighten you:

I logged in last night, rather later than normal, to immediately find my
Guild Leader blasting /tells at me to assemble the raid force and get to
the Hole. He claimed that Nortlav the Scalekeeper had been pulled all
the way to the *ENTRY* of the Hole, and he wanted a shot at him. I have
NO fucking clue how anyone could pull him all the way up there, but
being the Raid Leader and Elder for our guild, I sighed and put out the
call to arms.

(Apparently, ever since my somewhat pyric victory over VSR with only
nine people, he's gotten it into his head that I can pull stuff out of
my ass like that on demand. *sigh*.)

I looked at the /who all GUILD list and was not encouraged. About
fifteen people. Myself and a 56 warrior were the only tanks. Two
clerics. Two chanters. A rogue, two wizards, and a handful of druids and
rangers. I was not encouraged.  However, it turned out that a warlord
friend of the GL's  from an ally guild was having a bit of a problem
that worked to our advantage. He'd been on his way to Stonebrunt
(something to do with Titans, I believe) and had gotten hit with a huge
lag spike as he ran into Paineel and done the 10K faceplant into Master
Yael's cavern. With no necro's online, in exchange for my CR mule
pulling him out, he was willing to MA for our attempt on Nortlav.

Sure enough, I arrived there and Nortlav himself was swimming about in
the pool by the entry, happily splashing and testing his water wings. I
pulled the Warlord out and in about ten minutes I had assembled the raid
force. So I concocted... "The Plan".

I was going to have somebody with a no-damage debuff of some sort pull
Nortlav up out of the water into the open area by the front door after
we cleared out the elementals. Then the MA would get aggro, call in the
troops and go for it. The clerics would have a two person CHeal chain
going (is anyone smelling burnt troll yet?) while the two chanters would
chain cast Rune V on him to keep the lifetap from proccing. (Forgot that
VI fixed that. Did you want a side of fries with your trollburger?)
Then, when we got him down below half, everybody with any sort of Nuke
would burn Nortlav to the ground, we'd roll on the many red scales which
would surely drop, and all march off in victory.

Buffing complete. I check with my group leaders. It's a go. I give the
signal and our wizard nails Nortlav with her Staff of Temperate flux in
preparation for pulling him up onto dry land. Nortlav seems unimpressed
with this portion of The Plan and slaughters the wizard right there in
the water. (You may want to ask the children to leave the room at this
point.) The MA goes to "Backup Plan A" as I had laid it out. He goes to
pull Nortlav up to us himself. Amazingly, he makes it back up to the
raid force alive with Nortlav in tow. Unfortunately the first CHeal had
been cast when he was down in the water and got a failure message. The
next CHeal hit a corpse. Our 56 warrior was SA and gamely jumped in on
Nortlav. Since I was now SA I jumped in also to get a few taunts in for
a smooth transition should we lose him.

It was at this point that I realized that I hadn't bothered having Rune
cast on the SA or myself, so confident was I in our mighty Warlord MA.

(Pickup! Table fifteen! Troll stew platter with a side of half elf!)

Nortlav tore through my raid force in, quite literally, less than a
minute. The clerics survived by zoning out. Nortlav was left standing in
the entryway arch. Everyone else was dead.

The 58 cleric rezzed everyone while I chatted with the guild leader. I
opined that we simply didn't have the firepower to do this guy and
another attempt would be futile. He agreed. I was kind of pissed off and
curious at the same time, however, about the changes to how Rune reacts
with the lifetap procs, and figured that while we had the big guy there,
I would Rune up, attack him again solo, and see exactly what happened
when I parsed the logs later. (Had a 96% rez standing by, so I figured
it was a small investment to gain some knowledge.) I decided to taunt
him a bit, well away from the other raiders, while Tiru and the Chanter
buffed/runed me. I attacked Nortlav the Scalekeeper all by myself.

Now, in retrospect, (and I think you really may see the humor in this)
it should have been obvious that, while Nortlav is non-aggro to
everyone, he *IS* social. If you get in his aggro range while fighting
Master Yael, he'll come charging in to help his buddy out. It should
have also been obvious that it had been a while (apparently 21 minutes)
since we'd cleared the elementals out of the first two spawn positions
at the entry. So while Nortlav daintily sliced me into prime cut New
York Troll Strip Steaks, an elemental popped and attacked the casters
sitting at the entry. He apparently chain aggro'd everyone there onto
his hate list.

Nortlav didn't care for that at all.

Two total wipeouts in nearly record time.  When I left, Nortlav was
paddling in the water right by the zone in the tunnel.  We may have to
petition today to get him put back in his normal spot.

Well, lessons learned, and at least I didnt' unding.

/em sighs, clearly disappointed
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"This viewpoint's always baffled me. How does taking care with the
written word in a text medium constitute some kind of pedantry? Is using
the precision tool that is English to bang open coconuts accepted
practice these days? Did I not get the memo?"
- Tom Salyers


