From -4319457796289202072
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,65d19d7d8617f680,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-06-19 10:10:07 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-pas-nf2!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!newsfeed2.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!easynews-local!news.easynews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Lewzephyr <lewiszephyr@clotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Pains and woes of reviving a shelved cleric.......
Message-ID: <d0q3fv40acb4jcf2h708fcivms2eqooja7@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.91/32.564
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 61
X-Complaints-To: abuse@easynews.com
Organization: EasyNews, UseNet made Easy!
X-Complaints-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
Date: Thu, 19 Jun 2003 17:09:19 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:288910

	Some time back, I put my 53 cleric on the shelf to be just a
rez mule.  This is when I started my Iksar monk.  My monk has reached
the glorious age of 55, and my guild has been in need of more healing
power.  I, being the team player, have announced to the guild that I
will resurrect, if you will, my cleric.
	In the process of shelving my cleric, I sold off most of his
decent gear (which wasn't really that great).  I put enough gear on
him to be useable, but in no way is his gear up to par of my guild.
We are a family guild.  We do raid, but not on any grand scale.  Most
"raids" are to help complete an epic, quest, or common spots such as
Kael, Hate, Fear.  (no we are in no condition to do Inny or the big
boss mobs).

	Well, last night a guildie asked me if I wanted to join a PoI
group.  Of course I asked if they wanted the Monk or Cleric.  He
request the Cleric.  I say Id be happy to join as long as there was a
slower in the group. (PoI, or most plane exp areas are murder without
a slower).  He has a slower.  I go through the usual process of
getting KEI and meeting the group.
	Long story short.  Inside of 15 min, we have 4 deaths. I am
just ill with my self.  2 of the deaths were melee, and 2 were
casters.  One of the melee died in a massive train someone drug to the
zone, so I can escape blame on that.  But the other 3, were
inexcusable in my eyes.  Waiting too long to cast the Complete heal...
confused on my spell layout, since its been so long
		At this point, needless to say, the group breaks up
with various reasons.  None directly saying its due to the suck ass
cleric.  But I knew the truth.

	I start to wonder....    "what happened to me?" "I used to be
a great cleric".  Truth is know to us all... A character is all stats
and numbers... but the skills needed are in the player.  With some
such as my self... lack of use, causes em to go away.
	Now, this is my first group with the cleric since he was
shelved... and I have been reflecting since last evening.  PoP
encounters are not "anything" like the old world.  Last exp grind I
did with him was either in Velks or Karnors.
	I have not let this incident deter me from reviving my cleric.
I have just decided that I will bring him back to some of the old
world zones, preferably with guildies to rebuild MY skills.  Time to
re-educate and indoctrinate me back on the healing path.

	So, I have some questions:

	Where should I bring my broken skill ass to revive these
skills, at the age of 53?  I am thinking Velks, and Karnors again, but
any other suggestions are appreciated...

	and,

	Please take a look at my gear, and give recommendations on
what I should do.  I am not rich, but could spend around 10k give or
take a little.  Keep in mind the gear I have on right now has be
mainly for just being a rez mule.  The head and neck piece are the
only pieces that have been upgraded recently from guild runs.

http://www.magelo.com/eq_view_profile.html?num=720432

You time, advice, and insight are appreciated.




