From -1708852373733950017
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d6b4d03d27649896,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-08 11:07:33 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!ps01-chi1.MISMATCH!chi1.webusenet.com!c03.atl99!news.webusenet.com!telocity-west!DIRECTV!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Winterfury" <winterfury@DELETETHISplanetperez.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Warrior 30, Shaman 31 seek advice
Date: Wed, 8 Jan 2003 11:07:18 -0800
Organization: Firiona Vie Server
Message-ID: <v1otn4qa7p8fc1@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Winterfury" <winterfury@DELETETHISplanetperez.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 78
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:256788

Hail and well met, friends of the fight! Good it is to come to this place
and lift a pint over tales of adventure and battle. My wife, Summerbreeze,
and I have been verily entertained by many of the intriguing tales we have
heard in this very spot. Most interesting to us are those stories describing
worlds we have never seen. We are not overly familiar with the world of
Norrath and its moon, and we continue to explore, seeking out new treasures
and discoveries. This is why I am here today.

I am a Barbarian Shaman of 31 winters, and Summerbreeze a Barbarian Warrior
of 30 seasons. We are both followers of the Tribunal and have spent much of
our youth in Everfrost, the Blackburrow, the Karanas, the Paludal Caverns
and, most recently, joining goblin-elimination squads for the good folk of
HighKeep. Upon hitting our 30th season, we now desire advice and experience
from the more seasoned among you, seeking an answer to the ages-old
question. Where might we hunt and with whom?

We began our individual Epic quests and are now at a point where we will
need to acquire much more time and experience under our belts in order to
progress further. Additionally, we have sought out the individual components
of our class armor (I have assembled now several pieces of Totemic and
Summer has done the same for Crafted). The armor quests have been difficult
and challenging, particularly when we discover that in the community of
Firiona Vie, there are times when we cannot loot the creatures we slay for
their quest deliverables because they are trivial to us! We will likely
continue to pursue those, but we need new adventures to intermingle with
these responsibilities.

We seek a place where the two of us can adventure together alone or in small
groups. We enjoy the company of others, but we are very disciplined soldiers
and our experiences with pick-up groups has been very erratic and often
troubling. Example: last night we fought Frost Giants in the Great Divide
and watched as our group took on three simultaneous battles, pulling to a
spot that spawned additional adds. A wizard nuking new adds, casters Fearing
Giants and then following them to new adds, and no one to answer my
questions of who the MT or puller was. My magical power was quickly
dissipated trying to simultaneously heal 4 different individuals all running
around out of range. Death ensued multiple times, including the death of
those recently resurrected at the site of their death. Once re-assembled and
healthy, we bade our farewells and reaffirmed our desire to find new places
to hunt alone, or find better partners.

Advice is sought on two issues:

1) Locations that will be challenging yet appropriate for soldiers of our
age and experience as a duo team. We seek experience and adventure. We have
come to realize that the loot curve in this world is such that we rarely
find things of great value to us on the things that we kill. It seems to be
the case that the money obtained from selling loot is used most effectively
to buy gear in the Bazaar that is more powerful and useful than anything we
could loot. I am concerned about this experience and I wonder if it holds
true across other hunting locations. To date, we will never forget the
exhiliration we felt when we randomly discovered the great Reishicybern of
Paludal Caverns. This beast emmanated a dark blue aura to us both, and
spawned on a 90-minute cycle, but oh the treasures it yielded! We stayed for
days at this one location and funded many more seasons of my Alchemy
research. We both long for such discoveries again!

2) How does one unite with a guild? We seek the community of well-organized
partners, and we have much to offer, but we have no experience with this
aspect of the world. How does one evaluate the wide variety of guilds in
existence and come to a judgment? There are so many to choose from! Is there
a consolidated resource somewhere that will allow Summer and I to peruse
information on the overall community, or is it simply a matter of finding a
guild member that one likes and starting an inquiry at that level? And why
would they be interested in having us as members?

Thanks for any thoughts or ideas you have on these topics. We wish you well
in your travels, and hope to see you on the battlefield!

--
Winterfury Thunderwolf - Barbarian Shaman of 31 Seasons
   Loving Husband to ...
Summerbreeze Thunderwolf - Barbarian Warrior of 30 Seasons
Followers of the Six Hammers of The Tribunal
Residents of the Community of Firiona Vie





