From 6085147812876806217
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,dc93cd57890bb2e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-03 21:55:34 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: The Spirit <3d6mathews9@ev1NOTTHIS.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: I'd like your opinion please
Date: Mon, 03 Nov 2003 23:54:33 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <vqefp7r2opho8c@corp.supernews.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.0; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <vq2kf8hcntoe1@corp.supernews.com> <bnsq52$d3e$1@terabinaries.xmission.com> <vq85i0c572fa53@corp.supernews.com> <vqdlc4o968ivee@corp.supernews.com>
In-Reply-To: <vqdlc4o968ivee@corp.supernews.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 104
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:5701


I did a good bit of Cut & Pasting so I might have got some of your 
statements out of order or context.

Wilson wrote:
> 
> I REALLY wish I liked the game and I'm sure it has it's good points but I
> just can't get past interface, when I look at a button or a shortcut I want
> to know immediately what it is, I want a lot of information but I don't want
> the screen crowded,

I can understand your dislikes about EQ.  There are many things I wish 
that worked differently.  The interface definitely feels clunky to me. 
But so did AC's.  I do agree that it's default setup is not very 
intuitive.  Primarily because I've gotten used to them working a 
particular way.  That's the good thing about having competition, there's 
something out there that will suit most people.  It took me about a week 
to figure out where I wanted the sub-windows.  I'm still not satisfied 
but I can now see what I'm trying to hit.  And dealing with AC2's 
interface helped a little.  Not much, but some.



 >... when I'm walking around I want to see something other
 > than pitch black sky.....I couldn't even tell you if I was indoors or 
 >out for god sakes!

That was my first impression too.  I'm guessing we both started in the 
Vah Shir(the cats) city from the description of the mobs you were 
attacking and the sky.  The Ogres and Wood Elfs also start out in an 
area with no sky.  That got me wondering and worried about the rest of 
the game.  It certainly doesn't do anything to improve the feeling of 
immersion.

I didn't and still don't understand why there is nothing in the sky. My 
initial impression is that many of the starter zones are that way.  The 
other non-starting zones I've visited so far have a sky or ceiling.  And 
yes, to my eye the graphics are dated.  But I knew that when I picked up 
the box.



 > No map?  No radar?  Camera that won't follow from >behind your 
avatar?  >The only thing I could kill by myself were grubs?slugs?

Map:
     It sounds like you bought to same package I did.  The EverQuest 
Evolution pack.  All expansions exept the most recent one.  The map is 
activated by the Backspace key.  It also seems to me that you have to 
spend some time in that zone before the map starts to get filled in.  It 
is a very basic map that you can edit and modify.  One of the first 
things to learn about the map is to toggle off the height filter /most/ 
of the time.

Radar:
      I got used to the radar, and Sixth Sense, but they did reduce the 
fear factor and the "what am I going to find on the ground next" 
feeling.  I also got used to watching the radar instead of the 
environment.  I do miss the radar.  But not having one helps me play the 
game and not the interface.  Well... to some point anyway. ;)




 > If I'm way off base I'd be glad to hear about it, I didn't spend $30 
 >just to get a pretty box.(and it is pretty btw)....so much so that I 
 >expected a lot more from the game.  The game reminds me of a MMORGP 
 >played with E&B spacestation avatars.
 >
 > Dave

Only going from what I've seen of your post history, here and in AC 
newgroup, you are more selective and demanding of what you get than I 
am.  Another way to say it is, your standards are higher than mine.  I 
would definitly say our playstyles are different.  Hell, I even enjoyed 
the EVE beta.

I hadn't even gotten out of the city in the first three hours I played, 
much less tried to kill anything.  I would say to try it out for a 
longer period than you have so far.

This is probably the longest post I've made to any newsgroup I frequent. 
  Most of mine are 2 - 3 sentences long.  I won't be making a change to 
that.  I never really joined in the debates of what was good and what 
was bad in the AC newsgroup.  That won't change here either.

I tend to play the game that's in front of me.  If I can't deal with it 
I go to another game.  That applied to AC and it will apply here.  I 
played AC for over two years before becoming bored with it.  Right now 
I'm not sure if EverQuest will keep me entertained for that long.  I'm 
still keeping a 'weather' eye out for 'the next one' that grabs me.

You've tried more MMORPGs than I have and you appear to stop playing 
them when they don't do it for you.  If EQ doesn't do it for you? 
Well...  there's about 20 other MMORPGs in the pipe that I know of.  I 
know I'll be looking and lurking.  Something will grab my attention as 
I'm sure that something will grab yours.

In the end it's all about playing a game and having fun.  If it isn't 
fun, it isn't worth it. :)


The Spirit



