From 7837157532503190582
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1c53e02490cf6551,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-17 10:50:04 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!zeus.visi.com!news-out.visi.com!green.octanews.net!news.octanews.net!cox.net!news-xfer.cox.net!in.100proofnews.com!in.100proofnews.com!prodigy.com!prodigy.com!newsmst01.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr28.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Eric J. Hawman" <ejhawman@ameritech.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: [DELURK][LONG] Hail, a.g.e!
Lines: 236
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <px1Eb.16973$P%1.15760907@newssvr28.news.prodigy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 67.37.24.34
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr28.news.prodigy.com 1071686869 ST000 67.37.24.34 (Wed, 17 Dec 2003 13:47:49 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 17 Dec 2003 13:47:49 EST
Organization: SBC http://yahoo.sbc.com
X-UserInfo1: SCSYQNONPRTCRVT[CJKXOFP@XB]BAAXOGHTVOBPLAH[\BTUCCNSKQFCY@TXDX_WHSVB]ZEJLSNY\^J[CUVSA_QLFC^RQHUPH[P[NRWCCMLSNPOD_ESALHUK@TDFUZHBLJ\XGKL^NXA\EVHSP[D_C^B_^JCX^W]CHBAX]POG@SSAZQ\LE[DCNMUPG_VSC@VJM
Date: Wed, 17 Dec 2003 18:47:49 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:12160

 Oh, no, not another "Monual's Quest."

  Oh, yes. Sort of. I won't go into as much detail in some parts.
But it seems necessary to be long-winded in introducing myself
to the newsgroup.

  First, the long-range background:

  Does anyone remember the name James Dallas Egbert III? His
was a fmaous disappearance case in 1979, the case which bought
Dungeons & Dragons to national attention. And to my family's
attention: that Christmas, our parents gave my older brother
a D&D rule set. We quickly learned the game terminology, rules,
and conventions and began playing with each other and our friends
at school.

  (At this time I was heavily into science fiction via Star Wars, but
SF and fantasy were considered a united genre on the shelves at
the bookstores, and it was not hard to branch out.)

  Many years later...

  On my own in 1998, living in a new city, making my own way, I
was resolved to do a few things of my own, like play all the video
games I *really* wanted. Like Final Fantasy VII, then the hottest
thing in gamedom. I decided to wait for the PC version so that I
wouldn't have to invest in a PlayStation, then found the PC version
needed a heftier system than I had. But it was an aging system
(the best that $3200 would buy in June of 1995) so I figured I was due
for an upgrade.  And so I got a new top-of-the-line system in June of
1999, and quickly got addicted to FFVII.

  Impressed by the game, I just *had* to have FFVIII as soon as it hit
the shelves. And, with money no longer being tight, I got a Playstation
to play it on. Which led to things like Parasite Eve, the Lunar games,
Oddworld, and numerous others. I was becoming a game freak.

  Yes, I *had* noticed EQ on the shelves in 1998. I knew I'd have to
try it someday. But as it was an open-ended game, I worried about
not having time for anything else, ever again, once I got it. So I put
it off. I wanted to finish my finite-length games before moving to an
infinite one.

  Kunark came and went; I resisted. Velious came and I was tempted
quite strongly - now the EQ world have to be well developed, now
would be a good time - but again I let the chance go by. Luclin I barely
glanced at. PoP seemed the right time again, but other things kept
getting in the way. By this time my co-workders were into the game;
there was a clique that would talk endlessly about the details of where
they'd been the night before and what strategy tips they'd picked up.
Still I waited until I could find a free moment.

  Which brings us to the True Beginning Of My Story...

  The moment finally came in July 2003. At last having a clear schedule,
I loaded in a copy of EQ Classic and got to work. I had a plan: I would
work my way up in complexity, starting with a basic easy-to-learn warrior
and move on to a caster who could make money. Once I had tons of money
I'd start making the kinds of characters that fascinated me.

  Starting with my Warrior, then, I resolved that he would be someone not
expected to have good social skills; I was unsure of how well I could
socialize
at that point, and wanted to take some time to get used to the sort of
people I would find online. This would turn out not to be necessary, but I
didn't know that at the time. So I decided on a Barbarian.

  I made another classic newbie mistake in spending most of his bonus
points on strength. My reasoning, coming from other games, was that it
was better to pump up DPS to eliminate enemies more quickly so that they
would do less damage. As it happened, I would find there was a limit to the
amount of damage per hit that you could get out of a weapon, and Barbarian
Warriors generally don't need their strength pumped up to hit that limit.
Far better to spend the points on stamina to make a fatter tank.

  Well, live and learn. I wanted to name my warrior some stupid-sounding
lowbrow thing: Grugg. I was not surprised to see the name rejected (no
doubt some Troll or Ogre had it) so I called up a couple of random names.
One was Goredil. I attatched Grug- to it and so was born Gruggoredil.
I creatide him on the server where my friends were: Tholluxe Paells.
My friends gave me a kit full of useful low-level  twink gear (coterie
stuff)
and 1000pp. I ignored the money and went off to kill things in Everfrost.

  The first five levels went quickly enough. Then I decided the time was
right
to try Blackburrow , whichwas true, but I was terribly clumsy and eventually
decided to return to EF and level up on the snow orcs and leopards. I needed
my friends' help in locating my corpse at level 10 after running off in a
random
direction in a futile effort to escape a train. Finally, I got fed up and
decided to
go whole hog.

  I went back to Best Buy and bought a Gold Pack. I had to unload the
Classic EQ
I had, as the Gold Pack was all on the same account number. After getting it
to work,
I was able to get to the Plane of Knowledge and go anywhere I wanted. I went
to Greater Faydark, got bound in Kelethin, and started having fun in
Crushbone.

  That carried me to level 16, where I went to Paludal Caverns. From there,
however,
things got tricky. I was impatient with the slower pace of levelling (two
hours to
get a level!) but now one seemed to camp the logical next step beyond PC:
Netherbian
Lair. Fortunately there *did* seem to be frequent camps in Marus Seru (which
have
disappeared since the advent of LDoN). This got me to level 28, and into
DSP,
which got me to level 36, which got me to monumental frustration as I seemed
unable to go any farther in a reasonable amount of time.

  I decided the time was right for Grugg to go into semi-retirement while I
made
a caster. At my friends' suggestion I made a druid. Wood elf, of course;
elves
are cool. Around this time my favorite writer was (is) Harry Turtledove, who
specializes in Alternate History. His Great Notorious Work of the 90's was
the
Worldwar series: how would the world *really* deal with a '30's - style
invasion
by Bug-Eyed Monsters From Outer Space? The story began in 1942, with
realistic
historical figures, while the BEM's were caricatures, so things didn't go
well for the
BEM's. (They only conquered most of the world, not all of it.) The BEM's had
two
other conquests under their belt at this time: the planets Halless 1 and
Rabotev 2.
Earth, Tosev 3 to them, was to be next.

  Serviceable enough names for me. I named my druid Rabotev. Shortly after,
I would
create a monk and call him Tosev (because he's human...an Earthling...a
Tosevite.)
I pumped up Rabotev's wisdom and some agility (I knew it was good to have a
large
mana pool), bought about 10000pp form my friends, and Rab was on his way.

  He leveled quite fast, with Grugg having blazed the trail. Gfay, CB, some
Blackburrow:
suddenly he was level 14 and had that coveted spell, Spirit of Wlof. Just
after scribing it,
I saw a newly-rolled High Elf cleric on the newbie lift; she looked just
sooo cute sitting
there. I gave her a SoW. She thanked me, and I went on my way. Her name was
Shampu.

  I decided to use Unrest as a bridge for level 14 to 16. In fact I made 17
the next night there.
On returning to Greater Faydark I saw Shampu, now level 3, say ooc: "Would
anyone like
to give high level buffs to Shampoo?" What's this...a Ranma fan? Yes,
indeed, as I would
later see; shou would take the surname "Saotome" and roleplay relentlessly
as Shampoo.
I, and several others, suggested she should have been a Barbarian Warrior,
because that's
what Shampoo is. But clerics never lack for groups. (Whell, hardly ever...)

  PC, MS, DSP, OT, DL...and suddenly Rab was 44 and had all he needed to
solo forever:
Drifting Death, Creeping Crud, Immolate, Snare, Enveloping Roots, and a set
of Elder
Spiritist's  Vambraces that cast Drones of Doom for no mana cost. He would
go up to 49
soloing in DL, though I now know Crystal Caverns would have been far more
lucrative.
At present Rabotev is level 52 and struggling to get higher; all the good
places - Plane
of Justice, Plane of Innovation, Karnor's - either have no groups or full
groups when I'm
looking. LDoN missions are good for three to five blue bubbles but can take
a while to
assemble.

  For now I've moved on to more interesting characters. Tosev is level 31
and working
in OT. I made a Shadow Knight, classic Dark Elf, a girl modelled after a DE
rogue Grugg
once worked with and who was later sadly deleted. She got the entirely
random name
Neuveniu, and gives great vent to my dark side. Currently also in OT, or
DSP, or
wherever fun groups are to be found. She uses most of Grugg's Acrylia gear
and a
Flowing Black Silk Sash to get a decent his rate while using eihter a Centi
Shortword
with shield for Bash, or a Nathsar Greatsword for good DPS.

  The next characters I will be developing will be female as well. I want
another Dark Elf,
a classic Enchanter who will one day sell KEI. But she will be a ways off;
after you read
this post, I will work on a classic High Elf caster modelled after the
game's mascot. In fact
I have created three: one a Wizard, which I thought she should be; I named
her Adastraea.
One a cleric, when on further reflection I decided the mascot could easily
be that too; I
named her Celune. And, on Firiona Vie server, a blend of these two: a cleric
named Adastra.
TP-Adastraea will eventually take the surname Starwind, if allowed, while
FV-Adastra will
be Peraspera, of course.

  Heads up/warning/dire threat: I will be posting more inane rantings and
foolish musings
about the game in a few days. If I don't come to my senses and just play.

  EJH

  On Tholluxe Paells:
  [40 Warrior] Gruggoredil Dullwit (Barbarian)
  [52 Wanderer] Rabotev Startree (Wood Elf)
  [31 Monk] Tosev Starfist (Human)
  [29 Shadow Knight] Neuveniu Sinstorm (Dark Elf)
  [1Wizard] Adastraea (High Elf)
  [1 Cleric] Celune (High Elf)

  On Firiona Vie:
  [10 Cleric] Adastra (High Elf)


  PS. Splendid One: Do you remember a frog named Visitus looking at you in
front of
the PoK bank last week or so? That was me, scouting the territory. Foxeye,
you may
expect a visit form him too; I use him/her/it to check out the action on
other servers.
Sorry if I spooked you.




