From -3554515351564868609
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3c3bda76bf54afec,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newshub.sdsu.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!news-feed01.roc.ny.frontiernet.net!nntp.frontiernet.net!nntp.giganews.com.MISMATCH!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!atl-c02.usenetserver.com!news.usenetserver.com!prodigy.com!newsmst01a.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr21.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!0b7332a6!not-for-mail
Sender: drwoods@pacbell.net@ca.icynic.com
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: AGE FAQ, 2004-11-01
From: Don Woods <age-faq@icynic.com>
Message-ID: <7wacu1geb1.fsf@ca.icynic.com>
Lines: 2634
X-Newsreader: Gnus v5.5/Emacs 20.3
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.169.53.198
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr21.news.prodigy.com 1099363490 ST000 64.169.53.198 (Mon, 01 Nov 2004 21:44:50 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 01 Nov 2004 21:44:50 EST
Organization: SBC http://yahoo.sbc.com
X-UserInfo1: [[PA@SVEGZSMRQXY]BCD^VX@WB]^PCPDLXUNNHDK@YUDUWYAKVUOPCW[ML\JXUCKVFDYZKBMSFX^OMSAFNTINTDDMVW[X\THOPXZRVOCJTUTPC\_JSBVX\KAOTBAJBVMZTYAKMNLDI_MFDSSOLXINH__FS^\WQGHGI^C@E[A_CF\AQLDQ\BTMPLDFNVUQ_VM
Date: Tue, 02 Nov 2004 02:44:50 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:21597

Last Updated: October 31, 2004

Latest Changes:
* Changed answer to Q1.3 to reflect new owner of the FAQ.
* Lots of restructuring/rearranging to try to group more things by topic.
* Lots of typos/grammatical errors fixed (and undoubtedly new ones added).
* Added Q1.4 regarding where to find the FAQ.
* Added Q2.6 on how to pick which server to play on.
* Added a paragraph to Q3.14.1 about begging for spells vs begging for money.
* Rewrote Q3.24 (autosplit) to have fewer examples and more discussion.
* Added Q3.25 regarding stat food.
* Added Q4.4 describing things you can change about the user interface
  without resorting to a full-blown UI folder.
* Added Q7.3 regarding using a.g.e to discuss EQ II.
* Removed some items from Miscellaneous Tips that were covered by other more
  specific questions, e.g. how to make hotkeys.
* Combined several different sections that all talked about jargon and
  abbreviations, and added definitions for many more terms (e.g., KEI, ding).
* Moved the rather long "Grouping 101" answer to a separate document.
* Added sections on druids, monks, and mages to the Grouping 101 writeup, as
  well as some additional general tips about grouping.

This FAQ is the work of the community of the alt.games.everquest newsgroup.
If you would like to visit this newsgroup but don't have usenet access, you
can access it through this portal at the Erollisi Marr community forums:

http://www.erollisimarr.com/forum/forumdisplay.php?f=64

If you see any errors or invalid links in this FAQ, or if you want to submit
content to be considered for inclusion, please contact the current Keeper of
the FAQ, Don Woods, at age-faq@icynic.com.  I will edit submissions as I see
fit for correctness, size, or style.  I will not add any in-document credit
for any work submitted.  This is not because I am ungrateful, but because
this FAQ is the product of many different people, over a very long period of
time, and I am simply unable to track them all down to provide proper credit.
It just doesn't seem right to give credit to some people and not to others.

A short list of changes still in the works:
* Moving some of the more detailed questions into sub-FAQs on various
  topics: LDoN points, LXP, AAXP, Tasks, Tribute, PoP flags, PvP, etc.
* Better organisation of the glossary section (suggestions welcomed).
* Adding a question about in-game languages.
* Adding class writeups currently missing from the Grouping 101 document.

============================================================

Contents

1.  General Questions
2.  Questions about EverQuest
3.  Questions about How to Play
4.  User Interface
5.  Chat Channels
6.  Posting in alt.games.everquest
7.  EverQuest II
8.  Miscellaneous Tips
9.  Glossary
10. Useful Links
11. Comical Links and More

Note:  In the web version of the FAQ, clicking on a question in the list
of questions takes you to the answer, and clicking on the question in the
answers section takes you back to that section of the questions list.

1.   General Questions

1.1  What is the FAQ for?
1.2  What is the newsgroup for?
1.3  I think something in the FAQ is wrong.  What should I do?
1.4  Where can I find the FAQ?

2.   Questions about EverQuest

2.1  What is EverQuest?
2.2  What do I need to play the game?
2.3  What are these expansions I keep hearing about?
    2.3.1 What is Ruins of Kunark?
    2.3.2 What is Scars of Velious?
    2.3.3 What is Shadows of Luclin?
    2.3.4 What is Planes of Power?
    2.3.5 What is Legacy of Ykesha?
    2.3.6 What is Lost Dungeons of Norrath?
    2.3.7 What is Gates of Discord?
    2.3.8 What is Omens of War?
2.4  What is EQ Macros and where can I get it?
2.5  Where are the EverQuest servers located?
2.6  There are so many servers!  Which server should I choose?
2.7  What is the newest server?
2.8  What are the special servers all about?
    2.8.1 What is EverQuest Legends?
    2.8.2 What is the Test Server?
    2.8.3 What are the Zek Servers?
    2.8.4 What is the Firiona Vie Server?

3.   Questions about How to Play

3.1  What do all these acronyms and jargon mean?
3.2  What is the best race/class combo to play?
3.3  Can I change which deity I worship, or become Agnostic?
3.4  What are the Priests of Discord for?  Can I become a PK on regular
     servers?
3.5  Can I transfer a character from one EverQuest account to another?
3.6  It would really be helpful if I could use Notepad or the web while I'm
     playing.  How can I switch out of EverQuest to a different window
     (Alt+Tab) and return to the game?
    3.6.1 How do I get Alt+Tab to work for Windows XP?
3.7  What is a hotkey?
3.8  How do I make a hotkey?
3.9  How do I make a spell a hotkey?
3.10 What is a social?
3.11 How do I make a social?
3.12 Where can I get an up-to-date list of commands and/or emotes?
3.13 Where should I hunt given my level/class/race?
3.14 How can I make money to buy spells and armor and stuff?
    3.14.1 That's taking too long!  How about I just beg some money?
    3.14.2 Well, how about just buying plat then?
3.15 Why can mobs hit through walls?
3.16 Hey, I can't even play at all!  The servers are down!  What gives?
3.17 Why did I get chewed out for inspecting someone?
3.18 How can I send a message to my friend on another server?
3.19 Can I ignore someone on another server?
3.20 What is grouping about?  What am I supposed to do in a group?
3.21 All those expansions, plus regular free patches that have tweaked the
     game... I've heard that EverQuest's game balance has changed a lot since
     it first came out.  Is that true, and if so, how so?
3.22 What is a "guild"?
3.23 What is being in a player guild like?
3.24 What is autosplit and why is it unfair?
3.25 What is "stat food" and how do I use it?

4.   User Interface (UI)

4.1  How can I increase my frame rate to make the picture move more smoothly?
4.2  How do I change the colors of the text?
4.3  How can I see where I'm going when my map window fills so much of my
     screen?
4.4  What else can I change about the User Interface, and how?
4.5  I've heard I can use a different User Interface (UI) from the one that
     comes with EverQuest.  How do I do that?
4.6  How do I get the UI I have downloaded to work in EverQuest?
4.7  I play a warrior and do not need a caster or mana bar with my character. 
     How can I change this?
4.8  My UI does not work after the last patch.  What happened?
4.9  I want to design and code my own UI.  How do I go about it?

5.   Chat Channels

5.1  What are chat channels?
5.2  How do I join/start a chat channel?
5.3  How do I leave a channel I have joined?
5.4  Can I automatically join a channel every time I log in?
5.5  How do I stop automatically joining a channel?
5.6  What are some current serverwide channels?
5.7  I've joined too many channels and now the text is flying by too fast! 
     What should I do?  Can I have separate chat windows?
5.8  How do I find out how many people are in a channel and who?

6.   Posting in alt.games.everquest

6.1  I posted one innocent little question, and got flamed.  Why?
6.2  So does that mean that I can't ask any questions here at all?
6.3  What is top posting, and why is it so hated here?
6.4  I've noticed a lot of unfriendly posts coming from the same people.  This
     newsgroup sure has its share of jerks, eh?
6.5  Will everyone hate me if I make an off topic comment or post?
6.6  I posted something I heard was true, and then some guy jumped all over me
     for being wrong!  Why did he make such a big deal over it?
6.7  What else should I know about newsgroup etiquette?

7.   EverQuest II

7.1  What is this EverQuest II game that I hear about?
7.2  Does this mean that the EverQuest I am playing will end then?
7.3  Can I post about EQ II on alt.games.everquest?
7.4  How can I find out more about EverQuest II?

8.   Miscellaneous Tips

8.1  Performance / Raid settings
8.2  Spellcasting
8.3  Corpses and other Targets
8.4  Socials and Speaking
8.5  General
8.6  Lost Dungeons of Norrath
    8.6.1 How do I earn/spend points in the LDoN camps?
    8.6.2 What is the Adventurers Stone for and how do I get it to improve?
    8.6.3 What are some general LDoN tips?

9.   Glossary

9.1  What abbreviations and jargon show up in the game?
9.2  What other abbreviations and jargon show up in the newsgroup?

10.  Useful Links

11.  Comical Links and More

============================================================

1.   General Questions

1.1  Q: What is the FAQ for?

A:  This FAQ is designed for a newcomer to the game and/or to this newsgroup.
It attempts to answer some basic questions about the game, but owing to the
complexity and depth of EverQuest, it is not possible to answer all queries.
If you have a question that requires more detail, there is a list of URLs at
the end of this document that you might like to visit.

1.2  Q: What is the newsgroup for?

A:  For the discussion of all things related to the game of EverQuest.  Other
online games are occasionally mentioned, but generally only in passing or for
purposes of comparison.

1.3  Q: I think something in the FAQ is wrong.  What should I do?

A:  The current keeper of the FAQ is Don Woods, which is to say, me.  I'm
relatively new to the game (started in late 2003) and don't have any really
high level characters yet, so I rely on community input to help me come up
with answers.  If you see something wrong in the FAQ (or just have a
suggestion for an improvement), the best way to let me know about it is
either to reply to the thread that FAQ was posted to, or to send mail to
age-faq@icynic.com.  If you send mail, please include FAQ or EQ or EverQuest
in the subject so it'll be sure to get past my spam filters.

1.4  Q: Where can I find the FAQ?

A:  A text version of the FAQ is posted to the newsgroup once a month; the
subject will always be the date of posting, but the "Last Updated" line will
show when significant changes were last made.  The FAQ is also available as
a web page (with active links to answers, etc.) at
http://www.icynic.com/~don/EQ/age.faq.htm.  Copies of the FAQ are also
maintained at http://webpages.charter.net/lenny13/age.faq.htm and
http://www.derfy.net/agefaq.html.

2.   Questions about EverQuest

2.1  Q: What is EverQuest?

A:  EverQuest is a real-time 3D massively multiplayer online role-playing
game (MMORPG) run by Sony Online Entertainment (SOE).  Another equally
accurate way of describing EverQuest is to call it a graphical MUD.

2.2  Q: What do I need to play the game?

A:  Ideally you should check Sony's web site regarding system requirements,
since they are subject to change as the game evolves.  But here's what Sony
said as of fairly recently:

Minimum Required Specs:

* Windows(R) 98/2000/ME/XP
* Pentium(R) II 400 equivalent or greater
* 256 MB RAM
* Graphics card: ATI Radeon 7500 / NVidia GeForce 1 equivalent or greater
* DirectX Compatible Sound Card
* 28.8k + Internet Connection
* 4X Speed CD-ROM
* 500 MB Hard Drive Space
* DirectX 9.0
* EverQuest Classic and a valid EverQuest account
* Note: Not all Direct 3D cards are supported.  See site for list.

Recommended Specs:

* Windows(R) 98/2000/ME/XP
* Pentium(R) 4 equivalent or greater
* 512 MB RAM
* NVidia GeForce 3 / ATI Radeon 8500 equivalent or greater
* DirectX Compatible Sound Card
* 56.6k + Internet Connection
* 16X Speed CD-ROM
* 2.5+ GB Hard Drive Space
* DirectX 9.0
* EverQuest Classic and a valid EverQuest account

Note that your graphics card and system need to support Direct X 9.0,
and that Windows 95 is no longer supported at all.

You will also need a valid credit card, or a pre-paid game card.

2.3  Q: What are these expansions I keep hearing about?

A:  Expansions add new content to the game: new locations, new quests, new
monsters, new skills, and also new user interface features.  If you want
access to the new stuff, you have to buy the expansion, but you can also
keep playing the game without the new features.  Like the original game,
you only pay once for the expansion; your monthly fee doesn't change.  Some
boxed versions of EverQuest (e.g., EverQuest Evolutions) include many of the
expansions as part of the package.

There have been eight expansions to EverQuest so far: Ruins of Kunark,
Scars of Velious, Shadows of Luclin, Planes of Power, Legacy of Ykesha,
Lost Dungeons of Norrath, Gates of Discord and Omens of War.

2.3.1  Q: What is The Ruins of Kunark?

A:  Commonly called Kunark, The Ruins of Kunark was the first EverQuest
expansion to be released.  It included a new continent with many new zones
to adventure in, with lots of new dungeons, items, mobs, quests, and spells,
plus a new race that players could choose to play, the Iksar lizard-men.
People with this expansion also were allowed to advance beyond level 50 (up
to level 60), which was previously impossible.

2.3.2  Q: What is The Scars of Velious?

A:  Commonly called Velious, The Scars of Velious is an expansion similar
to The Ruins of Kunark, including another new continent with new zones,
dungeons, items, mobs, quests, spells, level 60 cap, etc.  However, it
was geared towards higher level players (level 30+) and did not include
a new playable race.

2.3.3  Q: What is The Shadows of Luclin?

A:  Commonly called SoL or Luclin, this expansion added new zones on the
moon, including new hunting areas for all levels, and four new cities.  It
added the beastlord class and a new playable race, the Vah Shir cat people.
It added Alternate Advancement abilities as a new way to spend experience
(especially for characters who were already at the level cap and thus could
not use experience to gain levels).  It also added the Nexus spires to
somewhat facilitate transportation, The Bazaar as a place to trade items
with other players, and new, more detailed player character models.

2.3.4  Q: What is Planes of Power?

A:  Commonly called PoP, this expansion raised the level cap to 65, greatly
expanded the Alternate Advancement options available, added the ability to
form raids of up to 72 people, and added a very efficient transportation
system, with direct teleportation between the Plane of Knowledge and most
major cities.  It provided additional hunting grounds for levels 46 and up.

2.3.5  Q: What is Legacy of Ykesha?

A:  Commonly called LoY, this expansion added expanded bank space, in-game
maps, armor dyes for all slots that show a graphic, the story window, a log
journal, Frogloks as a playable race, and a few new hunting zones for levels
40 and up.

2.3.6  Q: What is Lost Dungeons of Norrath?

A:  Commonly called LDoN, this expansion provides "instanced" dungeons.  An
instanced dungeon can be accessed only by the group that activated it.  To
activate a dungeon, the group must have at least 3 members, and the members
must all be within 7 levels of each other.  For example, a group that had a
20th level member and a 27th level member could get assigned a dungeon, but
they could not include anyone who was 19 or under or 28 or over.  Dungeons
have missions that must be completed within 90 minutes, or 120 minutes for a
lesser reward.  A win or partial win grants each member a number of Adventure
Points that can be spent in the Wayfarer camps (which is also where missions
are assigned).  Also, monsters in LDoN dungeons drop Augmentations, which
can be used to add stats or abilities to armor and weapons.

2.3.7  Q: What is Gates of Discord?

A:  Commonly called GoD, this expansion adds a large tradeskill-oriented
boat/city zone, as well as the berserker class, plus normal and instanced
zones aimed at characters level 50 and higher.  It adds a "tribute" system
where one can trade plat (game money) or items for buffs by talking to an NPC
in the player's home city.  It also adds "Leadership Experience", wherein
the leader of a group of three or more members, or the leader of a raid, can
choose for 20% of the experience they earn to be diverted into Leadership
Points, with which they then purchase various abilities that enhance the
performance of people in their group, including later groups.  (Only members
who also have the GoD expansion get the direct benefits of the group leader's
Leadership Abilities.)

2.3.8  Q: What is Omens of War?

A:  Commonly called OoW, this expansion raises the level cap from 65 to 70,
and adds new zones for the high-end crowd.  It adds quests for upgraded
"Epic weapons", voice macros, more Alternate Advancement skills (including
one that will provide an extra spell slot, and ones that let players have
more active buffs), new player titles, and a "task" system which is a series
of specialized individual quests geared towards characters of most levels
(with varying degrees of success).  It also expands the tribute system from
Gates of Discord to let tribute be shared by all players within a guild.

2.4  Q: What is EQ Macros and where can I get it?

A:  EQMacros was a program whose purpose was to provide a way for users to
circumvent some of the more tedious aspects of the game.  It also dispensed
with some character disadvantages, such as night blindness.  Third-party
macro programs, such as EQMacros, tend to be frowned upon by both SOE and
a large number of players.  Therefore, they will not be discussed in detail
in the FAQ.  This is a controversial subject in this newsgroup, and has been
argued to death.  Posting questions on this subject is generally frowned
upon.

2.5  Q: Where are the EverQuest servers located?

A:  The entire EverQuest universe (at present, 50 separate worlds) is run on
approximately 1,000 servers.  These are located in an onsite datacenter and
at AT&T CERFnet (in San Diego).  The Antonius Bayle server is located in the
UK.  The servers Kane Bayle, Venril Sathir, Kael Drakkel, and Sebilis are
located in Europe.

2.6  Q: There are so many servers!  Which server should I choose?

A:  For the most part it doesn't matter; the game is the same on all of them,
except for a few special servers.  Characters generally stay on whichever
server they start on (moving them costs real money), so if you have friends
who are already playing, you may want to play on the same server they're on.
All the servers, wherever they are located, tend to have players from all
parts of the (real) world, but depending on where you are you may find that
some servers have more or fewer people playing at the same times you do.
(More is usually better!)  The most recently added server tends to have a
slightly higher concentration of novice players and somewhat fewer top-level
characters, which has both good and bad points.

Incidentally, the servers tend to be named after deities and other major
characters from the game.

2.7  Q: What is the newest server?

A:  The last server added was the Morden Rasp server added in February, 2004.
This server allowed transfers from other servers from the very start, so
never really had a "virgin" economy.  The last server added that did not
allow transfers is Stromm, added in May, 2003.  While this server's economy
was not "contaminated" by an influx of transfers, it has had enough time to
be considered mature.

2.8  Q: What are the special servers all about?

A:  The special servers include EverQuest Legends, Test, the Zeks, and
Firiona Vie.  These servers have different rulesets or conditions that
change the gaming experience to varying degrees from the regular servers.
In general, all the special servers have lower server populations.  Your
regular subscription fee lets you keep characters on all of the servers,
regular or special, except for Legends.

2.8.1  Q: What is EverQuest Legends?

A:  EverQuest Legends refers to the Stormhammer server, a premium service
server which costs $40.00 US a month to play on.  The special features of
this server include Character Pages, which are personal homepages featuring
all the character's statistics and items.  Also included is a personal
journal, Legendary Items, Interactive Maps, Guild Halls (a website including
a guild calendar, message board, member roster, and pages for guild news and
history), and increased dynamic content and customer service driven by a
great presence of GM and support staff.

2.8.2  Q: What is the Test Server?

A:  This server is designed to be a place where the developers can see how
potential changes to the game will work when regular players interact with
them.  Players on Test often get to see new developments to EQ before
people on production servers do (if the changes get implemented at all).
They also play on the most unstable server available.  The Test server is
frequently taken off line, with and without warning, and there can be small
rollbacks where minutes or hours of gameplay may be undone.  Also there
is a chance that SOE might elect to do a total character or equipment wipe.
To date, there has never been a character wipe, and there was one total
equipment wipe.  To access the Test server you must go into your EverQuest
folder and run the application TestEverQuest.

2.8.3  Q: What are the Zek Servers?

A:  These are the servers in which all players are subject to Player versus
Player (PvP) gameplay as well as the Player versus Environment gameplay.
The server names are Sullon Zek, Rallos Zek, Tallon Zek, and Vallon Zek.
Many people love the PvP experience, while others hate it and consider the
inhabitants of the Zeks to be among the worst of griefers that EQ has to
offer.  While it is up to the new player to decide their feelings on this
matter, many would consider it a good idea for true new EQ players to get a
handle on the PvE aspects of the game before also having to deal with the
added challenges that PvP presents.

2.8.4  Q: What is the Firiona Vie Server?

A:  Firiona Vie is a "roleplaying preferred" server.  This server has
several special rules including a limit of one character per account (when
people say they have more than one character on FV this means they have more
than one account), Trivial Loot Code (TLC) where if a mob is green to anyone
in the party that killed it then any loot tagged Lore or Magic disappears
(poof!), a lack of No Drop items that extends to nearly everything in the
game save for certain high end keys, most Grandmaster Trophies, and Epics
and Epic drops, and a lack of Common Tongue (each race starts with their own
racial language, and Common is replaced with Human).  The old rules about
alignment grouping restrictions and language learning have been lifted.
SOE doesn't enforce any roleplaying rules, though several members of the
server do with varying degrees of commitment.

3.   Questions about How to Play

3.1  Q: What do all these acronyms and jargon mean?

A:  There are various glossaries online that can help you understand some of
the odd terms you'll see both in the game and in the newsgroup.  Here is one:

http://web.archive.org/web/20030604092025/http://amtgard.pinkpig.com/everquest/eqglossary.htm

If that's hard to follow because it doesn't fit on a line, try:
http://tinyurl.com/2qnmb

On the other hand, if you just want a short list of terms that are most
commonly seen, try section 9 of this FAQ.

3.2  Q: What is the best race/class combo to play?

A:  To answer this question you have to ask yourself what is important to you.
If you're familiar with other RPGs and games of this nature, you probably know
that each character will have his or her strengths and weaknesses, and that no
single class/race combo will give you all the good with none of the bad.  The
question to ask is not what race/class combo is the best, but which is best
for YOU.  The best way to answer this question is to learn about all of the
classes and races, and make your decision based on that knowledge.

The biggest factor will be your choice of class, since that determines most
(but not all) of your abilities and thus your typical role in a group.  Your
character's race mostly determines your starting city (not a big deal these
days since it's fairly easy to travel), and some abilities (seeing in the
dark, sneaking, more initial agility or strength or intelligence, etc.), and
may affect how some NPCs react to you, but its main effect is that each
class can only be played by certain races, so again your biggest decision
will be which class to play.  In section 3.20, grouping, there is a brief
description of the roles of many classes.

3.3  Q: Can I change which deity I worship, or become Agnostic?

A:  No, sorry.  The only way you can "change" your deity is to delete your
character and start over.  Even that may not help, because some races have a
limited choice of deities.  What you see on the character selection screen
is what you get.

3.4  Q: What are the Priests of Discord for?  Can I become a PK on regular
        servers?

A:  The Priests of Discord (PoD) will give you a Tome of Discord if you talk
to them and follow their prompts.  If you return the Tome to them, you will
become a "player killer" (PK) and your name will now show in red.  Becoming a
player killer has grave consequences that you may not understand completely
from reading the tome.  A player killer can engage in combat with other
player killers, but cannot kill or be killed by non-PK players (except in a
duel).  More importantly, if you are a player killer, you will NOT be able to
receive most forms of aid from other players, nor will you be able to aid
them.  This means that you cannot be healed or "buffed" by anybody who is not
a player killer.  Since more than 99% of the players on normal servers are
not player killers this totally ruins your ability to get in a group beyond
level 15 or so.  If you want to be a player killer, play on a PvP server.  If
you do turn in a Tome and later change your mind, there is no guarantee that
you will be able to change back to normal status, so only do it if you are
certain that you want your character to live a solitary life.

With the release of the Omens of War expansion, the Priests of Discord also
provide the means to access the new OOW zones.  Hail one to learn more.

3.5  Q: Can I transfer a character from one EverQuest account to another?

A:  Yes, you can, but it will cost you real money.  You can also move your
character to a different server, though not all servers can be transferred
to/from.  Full details can be found at SOE's web site:
https://store.station.sony.com/eq_char_moves/index.jsp

3.6  Q: It would really be helpful if I could use Notepad or the web while I'm
        playing.  How can I switch out of EverQuest to a different window
        (Alt+Tab) and return to the game?

A:  EverQuest now supports windowed mode.  To activate it, press Alt+Enter.
Alternatively, open the Options window (Alt+O) and turn off "Run Full Screen"
in the Display options.  (If you use both methods, you may find that the
Options window shows the wrong setting; just select the opposite setting to
switch between full screen and windowed mode.  You may have to wait a few
moments for the screen to settle down, so be patient, and don't switch modes
in the middle of combat!)  Then type Alt+Shift+R to release the mouse.  Once
that is done, you can minimize the window EQ is in, or use Alt+Tab to switch
to other windows and run other tasks, surf the web, or even open another
instance of EQ if your machine can handle that and you have another account
on which to play.  Note, this ability to break out of the EQ window seems
somewhat glitchy, doesn't work well for all users, and is sometimes less
reliable after major patches.

3.6.1  Q: How do I get Alt+Tab to work for Windows XP?

A:  (From the EQ Live FAQ, with some modifications owing to the dead link
they provide):  Windows XP keeps a list of program compatibility
information.  Up until recently, EverQuest was not built to allow Alt+Tab,
and so our executable ended up in this list explicitly preventing the Alt+Tab
functionality.  Obviously that has changed.  We are working on getting that
changed.  But in the meantime, if you are using Windows XP and you would
like to enable Alt+Tab, there is a way to get it to work.

First, you'll need the Windows Application Compatibility Toolkit:
http://www.microsoft.com/windows/appcompatibility/toolkit.mspx
(if that URL wraps around, try http://tinyurl.com/9bf1).

You'll need to download and install the toolkit. Then:
* Open the Compatibility Administration Tool.
* At the top go to Search - Query.
* Search for EverQuest.
* Double click the item the search finds.
* Right-Click the EQGame.exe entry and choose Disable.

3.7  Q: What is a hotkey?

A:  A key that is customized to perform an in-game function.  Most often this
refers to the keys 1234567890, because typing one of those keys will perform
the action(s) associated with the corresponding button on your "Hot Buttons"
window.  (If your Hot Buttons aren't displayed, type Alt+H to show them.)
There are actually 100 hot buttons, in ten sets of ten.  You can change which
set of ten is active (and thus what will happen if you type a number) by
hitting shift-1, shift-2, etc., or using the little arrows at the top of the
Hot Buttons window.  Often you'll tie a hotkey to a "social" (see Q3.10), but
you can also make hotkeys for spell gems, skills, and inventory items (but
not items inside containers).

3.8  Q: How do I make a hotkey?

A:  Refer to the in game help section, which can be found by clicking on the
question mark on the Window Selector.  But the short answer is, press and
hold down the left mouse button on the spell gem, ability, or item that you
want to make into a hotkey.  After a few seconds you should get a hotkey
button on your cursor.  Click on the desired hotkey box to place it.  (If
there was already a hotkey there, it'll pop onto your cursor.  You can place
it in another hotkey box or click on the ground to discard it.)  Some windows
(for instance, some of the skills in the Skills window that you can get to
from the Inventory window) let you click a button to create a hotkey, which
again you then place by clicking on a slot in the Hot Buttons window.

3.9  Q: How do I make a spell a hotkey?

A:  Left-click and hold down the button over the spell gem until the spell
icon appears on your cursor.  Then drag that icon to your hotkey window and
left click to drop it into the slot that you want.  (See section 3.8.)  Note
that if you change which spell is in that gem, it'll change the hotkey.
(The same is true when you make an inventory item a hotkey; the hotkey will
invoke whatever item is in that inventory slot, not the item that was there
when you made the hotkey.)

If you want to invoke a spell as part of a more complex hotkey, for instance
to have a key that announces the spell being cast, you must create a "social".
Within the social, the command to cast a spell is /cast 1, /cast 2, etc., with
the spell gems being numbered from the top down.

3.10  Q: What is a social?

A:  A social is a way of doing up to five typed commands with a single press
of a button.  Typical commands include casting spells or using skills (via
the /cast and /doability commands) and saying predefined phrases.  Socials
are often made into hotkeys to make them easier to invoke.

One important thing to know about socials is that you can't invoke a social
if you already have one that hasn't finished.  So if a social takes a long
time to do its thing (e.g., because it includes a slow action such as casting
or fishing) you won't be able to invoke other socials until it's done.

3.11  Q: How do I make a social?

A:  In the Actions window, press the rightmost tab; or just type ctrl-O.
Either will get you the Socials window, which has several buttons with
pre-made sets of commands.  You can modify a social by right-clicking it.
To edit a line of a social, just click it and start typing.  You can edit
the name of the social in the same manner, and can also select what color
the name shows up as.  Note that there are actually 100 socials available;
you can find blank ones by clicking on the arrows in the Socials window.

When you finish (press Accept), you can invoke your social by clicking on
it, or you can make it into a hotkey by pressing and holding down the left
mouse button on it.  When you activate the social, it executes whatever you
typed in on the lines of the social key.  For example, you can make a social
that looks like this:

/afk
/groupsay I'm going away from keyboard for a sec, guys.

If you activated this social key, it would flag you AFK, and you'd tell your
group "I'm going away from keyboard for a sec, guys."  Any "line command"
(command that starts with a slash) can be used in a social.  There are even
a few commands that are specifically intended for use in socials.  For more
information on these commands and others, read eqmanual_supplement.doc in
your EverQuest directory.

You can also create a new social by typing /ho somename /blah blah.  (The
/ho is short for /hotbutton.)  This particular example would create a social
named "somename" that invokes the nonsense command "/blah blah".  The social
is left attached to your cursor so you can drop it right into your hotkeys.
If you want to include a space in the button name, put the name in quotes.
(But note that the name can't be very long since it has to fit on a button.)
When a hotkey is tied to a social (either using /ho or by dragging it from
the Socials window), you can right-click on the hotkey to modify the social,
just as though you were in the Socials window.

3.12  Q: Where can I get an up-to-date list of commands and/or emotes?

A:  Type /help to get a list of commands.  You can also try the
eqmanual_supplement.doc file in your EverQuest directory, though it tends
to be out of date.  Also, if you visit http://everquest.allakhazam.com/ and
scroll down for the links to "Commands..." you will find 3 links: Emotes,
Game Commands, and Chat Terms.  These are again not necessarily up to date,
but will give you a good base to work from.

3.13  Q: Where should I hunt given my level/class/race?

A:  The following sites have good level-based charts on this:

http://www.eqatlas.com/huntguidelevel.html
http://everquest.allakhazam.com/zones/Level_Chart.html

Race tends not to matter too much, unless you're kill-on-sight to high level
guards (e.g., at Highpass Keep).  Some classes prefer fighting vs. undead,
or prefer fighting in spacious outdoor zones, etc., so you might use class
considerations as a way to choose among the level-appropriate zones listed.

3.14  Q: How can I make money to buy spells and armor and stuff?

A:  Kill things, loot them, sell the proceeds, repeat.  If you are a level
one lowbie then you might want to check out the Qeynos newbie yard.  Kill
snakes and rats; some of their drops sell for 2 gold or, more rarely, 2 plat
(if you manage to find a Plague Rat Tail).  Once you outgrow this little
gold mine of a spot, the best you can do is probably to find items to sell
to other players in the bazaar.  Spiderling silks, spider silks, bone chips,
and various pelts can all be sold to players for considerably more than
merchants will pay for them.  Check the prices these are going for in the
bazaar and you might be pleasantly surprised.

Before you set out on low-level hunting with a level one character, however,
you should consider going through the Tutorial.  You might not want to hunt
there, but you should at least get the Kobold Skull Charm and fully activate
it (by visiting all of the Tutorial NPCs).  It's a very nice item and you
won't be allowed back into the Tutorial to get it once you reach level 6.

Also, if your character has the Forage skill, you can forage many things to
sell in the bazaar that higher level players need for trade skills.  Even
common forages like vegetables may sell for a few plat each, depending on
what new trade skill recipes people are trying out.

3.14.1  Q: That's taking too long!  How about I just beg some money?

A:  Sure, there are tons of fabulously wealthy people walking past you.  And
if you beg from them, there is a fairly good chance that some of them might
give you something.  But DON'T do this.  Many people get angry at beggars,
considering them to be the lowest form of life in the EQ universe.  You will
damage your reputation, end up on ignore lists, and stand a good chance of
being insulted with varying degrees of venom.  Also, if someone is trying to
beg from you, feel free to ignore them.  Not giving them money does not mean
that you're a bad person, any more than not making an effort to feed
cockroaches makes you an animal hater.

In contrast, it's not unusual to see people asking for spells to be cast on
them (such as SOW -- Spirit of the Wolf -- which makes you run faster, or
Temp -- Temperance -- which makes you tougher to kill).  Though some spells
do cost money to cast (because of physical components being used up), many
cost "only" time and mana, so people are often willing to cast them for you.
Even so, the people able to cast such spells are often deluged with requests,
and they may prefer to get on with their own business, so always be polite,
even if nobody will cast the spells for you.  Also if it's within your means,
it's common practice to offer a few plat to the caster (who may decline to
 take your money, in which case you should be especially grateful).

3.14.2  Q: Well, how about just buying plat then?

A:  You've seen the banners and advertisements at various EQ sites, and it
does seem to be a quick way to get the plat/item you're lacking.  Should you
do it?  Well, there are a few different schools of thought on this matter.

First is hell yes, we need your business and all your friends are doing it
and you can't play without it and give us your freaking credit card number
already!

Second is more laid back.  Some people think that buying plat and is a
personal decision, and if someone has enough real life money to spend it
this way there's no harm done.

Third is perhaps the most common, or at least has the most vocal proponents.
They feel that EQ plat buyers/sellers are doing a Very Bad Thing, and they
have several reasons for this that many find to be compelling:
* It is against the End User License Agreement (EULA).  You know, that thing
  you click past every time you play EQ.  When you do that, you are in effect
  agreeing to what is written there.  One of the things it says is that you
  won't do this.  You're not a scummy liar, are you?
* That plat and those items are "farmed", and farmers hurt the honest folk
  who are trying to play the game.  Are you trying to earn your very own
  Shiny Doodad of Awesome Wowzer, but some guy named Eqpharmer always seems
  to be at the camp where the Enraged Snow Pea that drops it spawns?  You
  pay the same money to play EQ that he does, so you should have a chance to
  earn the item same as he, instead of being shut out because he has to sell
  it to support his on-line porn habit.  Same thing for good money camps.
* People that buy their equipment/plat/characters are not really learning
  how to play the game, and thus are more likely to hurt the poor saps that
  have the misfortune of being in the same zone (or group) as them when they
  blunder through, causing trains and mayhem.

Soooo.... should you do it?  That is up to you, of course.  Just know that,
if you do, a great many of your fellow EQ players -- including many who
frequent alt.games.everquest -- will think less of you because of it.

3.15  Q: Why can mobs hit through walls?

A:  You were happily trading inside a vendor's shop, when suddenly you got
smacked by a Griffon for 300 points... Loading, please wait...  WTF?  Mobs
and other NPCs in EQ are controlled by a computer AI, which is no substitute
for a (supposedly) intelligent human being controlling an avatar.  Monsters
all behave according to strict rules on pathing, aggro-range, etc., and don't
really employ sophisticated tactics and strategy in the same way a human
player would.  To avoid unbalancing the game, mobs are given some "unfair"
advantages: they can hit through walls, they ignore the z-axis of 3D space to
hit from a long way above or below a player, and generally have the ability
to hit back from seemingly unreachable locations.  This is to avoid exploits
like getting easy experience by raining down spells or arrows on a mob from
a location which that mob (because of its programmed pathing) cannot reach.
Pet-using classes may gain some satisfaction from knowing that their pets
have the same unfair advantages as other mobs, and can hit back at that pesky
monster whacking you from under the ground.

There are other things NPC monsters are immune to that would be good for you
to know:  NPCs and monsters can't drown, take falling environment damage, or
be burned by environment lava.  They can also "warp" (teleport instantly) to
you if they get stuck in the world geometry.

3.16  Q: Hey, I can't even play at all!  The servers are down!  What gives?

A:  SOE is ripping you off, the sons of bitches.  Well, that's the sarcastic
answer.  Actually, EverQuest is an evolving game, and it requires periodic
maintenance known as patches.  Patch time is also when various changes to
gameplay are made.  SOE does not promise you'll be able to play 24/7/365.
SOE will not compensate you the 40 cents per day or whatever it is for the
time you could not play.  Also, SOE will bring down the servers with little
or no notice if they learn of a bug or exploit they consider to be major.
You can check on scheduled downtime by going to:
http://eqlive.station.sony.com/support/scheduled_downtime.jsp

Scheduled downtime is usually accompanied by an estimate from SOE as to when
the servers will be available again, e.g., "Going down at 4am PST, estimated
downtime is 8 hours."  If you try connecting shortly after the servers are
due back up, you might not succeed.  This could mean the downtime is taking
longer than they expected, but it could also mean that the servers are back
up and are trying to handle the flood of players all trying to reconnect at
the same time.  Patience, grasshopper!

3.17  Q: Why did I get chewed out for inspecting someone?

A:  Many people feel it is very rude to inspect someone without asking first,
akin to walking up to a woman and pulling down her pants to read the label on
her underwear.  Others feel it's no big deal, and that people who make a big
deal out of it need counseling, or a long flame session, or something equally
useful.  Regardless of how you feel about the matter, if you want to do your
best to get along with your fellow EQ players, it is best simply to ask
before you inspect.

If you find you keep inspecting people by mistake (e.g., because they're
standing too close to the banker you meant to click on), you can turn off
your ability to inspect players by typing "/toggleinspect off".  (To
re-enable it, use "/toggleinspect on".)

3.18  Q: How can I send a message to my friend on another server?

A:  ";tell servername.friendname message".  For example, to send to your
friend Giggals on the Karana server while you are playing on The Seventh
Hammer, you would simply type:  ;tell karana.giggals Tag! You're it!
Note that you must NOT include a forward slash ("/") when you do this; start
the command with a semicolon (";") instead of the customary slash.

3.19  Q: Can I ignore someone on another server?

A:  You betcha.  If it turns out that Giggals simply hates tag and is now
threatening to kill you, over and over again, type /ignore karana.giggals.
This also can be used to stifle people who are being pests in any serverwide
channels you might be in.

3.20  Q: What is grouping about?  What am I supposed to do in a group?

A:  This question warrants a rather detailed answer, so it's being put into a
separate document, which you can find at
http://www.icynic.com/~don/EQ/grouping101.htm
It talks about some of the different types of group, the various roles that
group members must fill, and which classes are better suited to each of
those roles.  It also discusses some typical group tactics and etiquette.

3.21  Q: All those expansions, plus regular free patches that have tweaked the
         game... I've heard that EverQuest's game balance has changed a lot
         since it first came out.  Is that true, and if so, how so?

A:  Yes, definitely.  EQ has been adjusted fairly continuously from the
get-go, in ways big and small.  The developers have always said that the
game would never be frozen in time, and they've meant it.  Here is a very
brief summary picture.

The initial learning curve has been eased, a lot.  It's easier and quicker
to get a character up to level 10, and the game has a lot more helpful hints
and more obvious directions on what to do.

The developers have regularly adjusted the powers of the various classes,
trying to keep them balanced.  Several classes are now significantly more
or less powerful relative to each other than they were at various times in
the past.  As of mid 2004 there isn't any particular class that is really
widely seen as in need of being "nerfed" (reduced in power) or boosted, but
the game is dynamic and that will undoubtedly change.

The consequences of dying in EQ have been made much less severe, though once
you hit level 11 death does cost you experience.  The dreaded "corpse run"
to reclaim your gear is now much easier than back in the day, and it's
easier to get "resurrected" by another player (which gets you back some of
the experience you lost by getting killed).  Dying in EQ is still annoying,
but it's not much more than that except in a few unusual circumstances.

Traveling around in Norrath is far easier and quicker than was originally
true (even though the game world is much larger).  One side effect of that
is that racial faction is less of a factor now -- being a dark elf or troll
used to have a pretty severe downside in terms of moving around the world
without NPCs attacking you on sight.  They added an in-game player market
(the Bazaar) which made the in-game player-to-player market of gear and items
much more efficient and therefore more ubiquitous.

While the developers have drastically eased the game for newbies (old-school
players call it "training wheels EQ"), they've also repeatedly extended and
broadened the endgame.  In any game there is a point at which a player
character has seen it all, done it all, and advanced in power to the point
of there being no challenges left.  EQ began with a level cap of 50, that
jumped to 60, 65, and then 70; "alternate advancement" levels were added,
then deepened; "leadership abilities" were added as yet another way for
characters to advance.  More high-end zones have been added, many with big
tough "boss" mobs that can be killed only by large parties of high-end players
(called "raids").  Entire tiers of such zones, called the "Planes", now have
a complex lengthy "trials" process for which reaching the level cap is just
the start.  In general, hard-core players now tend to view the level cap as
just the first step towards becoming "uber".

The Lost Dungeons of Norrath ("LDoN") expansion added a fundamentally new
way to play the game.  That expansion's "instanced" zones are timed quests,
where a single group must accomplish a certain mission within 90 minutes in
order to get certain rewards.  A group can have only 6 players and group
line-ups vary based on who's available, and once they enter the dungeon the
group can't get help from any other players.  A single group cannot possibly
include the top specialist class of every group function (tanking, healing,
offensive spellcasting, crowd control, etc.); that forces some creativity in
tactics and makes versatile classes more useful (some other aspects of EQ
tend to reward specialization).  The time limit focuses players' attention
-- many veteran players say that LDoN adventuring "makes people really learn
how to play their class."  Unlike the planes and some other content, LDoN
adventuring is available from quite early in a character's lifespan, level
20 (or even level 15 if you're daring).  The rewards for these adventures
are in addition to earning regular experience, and provide a way to get
fairly high-end equipment without joining Planes raids for 10-hour sessions.

3.22  Q: What is a "guild"?

A:  The word "guild" is used two different ways in EQ and they have nothing
to do with each other.  In the game's cities there are buildings called
class guilds (the warrior guild in Kaladim, say); not every city has a
guild for every class.  In each guild are NPCs you interact with: one or
more guildmasters where you train your character's skills, and vendors
where you can buy your spells and some other stuff.

The other form of guild is player guilds, which are voluntary associations
formed and managed by players themselves on each server.  The name of the
guild displays in the game under the character's name, and guilds get their
own private chat channels in-game.  Many guilds have websites with
discussion forums and schedules of group outings in the game.

3.23  Q: What is being in a player guild like?

A:  It's like being a member of any other self-directed voluntary
association: as good as the people in it.  The best way to find a guild is
to chat with players you've grouped with repeatedly in the game and enjoyed
playing with, and at some point mention that you've thought about joining a
guild.  If they're enjoying playing with you, you may receive an invitation.
Guilds that run around randomly inviting players they haven't even met tend
to end up about as cohesive and enjoyable as any other group of complete
strangers thrown together.

Player guilds fall into about three categories at the moment, these being
completely unofficial but widely recognized.  First, each server has some
high-end "raiding guilds", which can include hundreds of players, focus on
lengthy well-planned raids of the Planes and other high-end zones, and have
increasingly stiff prerequisites for membership (you must have reached a
certain level in the game).  Most servers now have unofficial schedules that
the top few raiding guilds agree on for raids of the very top zones, where
it can take hours or even days for targets to reappear.

Next, there are newer/smaller guilds that aspire to become raiding guilds; at
any given moment most servers have several of these.  Such a guild might have
anywhere from 30 to 60 active members, and be recruiting players who either
have reached the top levels or appear serious about getting there quickly.
Since serious raiding requires playing for 8 or 10 hours at a stretch, such
guilds tend to include mostly people who are single, not raising kids, don't
have jobs that require a lot of travel, etc.  These guilds are trying to
build up their strength (numbers of top-level seriously-equipped players of
enough classes) so they can join the top-end raiding rotation of their server;
some make it and some don't.

Finally, there are "family guilds".  This phrase isn't literal; it refers to
guilds of more casual players who aren't strongly aspiring to the high-end
raiding.  In practice this often means players who are married with children,
etc.  These guilds tend to have fewer than 50 active members (maybe a lot
fewer), though they can be much larger.  They may do some entry-level Planes
raiding now and then; two family guilds may band together for the occasional
joint raid.  Mostly these guilds do regular "experience grouping", and
increasingly they tend to do a lot of LDoN adventuring.  Some family guilds
were started by longtime EQ players who had been in raiding guilds but burned
out on that or found that it wasn't actually how they most enjoyed the game.

All guilds, even the raiding guilds, act as a ready source of friends to help
each other out in various ways: finding people to fill out a group, casting
buffs or resurrection spells, doing high-level trade skill combinations, etc.

3.24  Q: What is autosplit and why is it unfair?

A:  This question is the source of much angst, and isn't as simple as it
might seem on the surface.  Autosplit is something each person turns on or
off (using the /autosplit command, or /au for short).  If the person looting
a corpse has it turned on, any cash found is split evenly among all players
in the group (even those who have it turned off).  (This doesn't apply when
a player loots their own body, of course.)  Sounds fair, doesn't it?

The catch is, it's implemented in a logical way in a roleplaying environment,
which is to say it splits the COINS you get, instead of splitting the CASH
VALUE of those coins.  It doesn't make change.  And it does this separately
for each type of coin.  If, as is often the case, the coins can't be divided
evenly, the game gives any left over coins to the looter.  So suppose a mob
drops 5pp.  In a two-player group, the looter gets 3pp and the other player
gets 2pp.  In a three-player group, the looter still gets 3pp and the others
each get 1pp.  In a six-player group, none of the 5pp can be divided evenly,
so the looter keeps all of it!  Even when there are some coins given out to
the rest of the group by this method, the looter is more often than not
getting twice or three times as many coins as the rest.

The innocent (such as yourself) will loot freely, thinking they are being
fair.  They will also happily allow others to loot, thinking that they are
getting a fair share.  The unscrupulous will arrange to do most of the
looting while allowing the uninitiated (such as yourself) to think they are
getting a fair share.  And of course, if someone in your group is looting
with autosplit on, you can't know if they're innocent or unscrupulous, which
can lead to some bad feelings.  What's worse, if you try to work around the
problem by looting with autosplit OFF, planning to split the money later
(preferably after selling off any vendor trash items as well), the innocent
may get upset because they think you're planning to abscond with all the
money (which has, alas, been known to happen also).

The best compromise seems to be to have the group choose one person to be
"main looter" (ML), and that person is responsible for selling the items
and splitting all the cash when the group is ready to break up.  This still
gets awkward if some people leave the group early and/or other people join
partway through, but it's still a lot more fair.  Another approach that is
sometimes used is "open looting", where everybody is free to loot (usually
with autosplit ON), which works well if the group is killing lots of mobs
so everyone gets lots of opportunities to loot some.

3.25  Q: What is "stat food" and how do I use it?

Stat food is food that adds to your character's stats, such as HP, MANA, or
STR.  There's also stat drink.  Most stat food and drink items are crafted
by players using the Baking and Brewing skills.  If you don't feel like
making your own, you can usually find stat food for sale in the Bazaar.

The trick to using stat food is that you don't actually want to eat it.
You get the benefits of the food if it is the first food in your inventory,
and thus is the food that will get eaten if the game decides you're hungry
enough to need to eat something.  You can see if it's in the correct place
as soon as you put it in, by seeing if your stat(s) change.

Since stat food can be expensive, some players are careful to munch ordinary
food and drink often enough that the game never has them "automatically" eat
or drink the stat items.  (Note that explicitly eating/drinking means the
items consumed stave off hunger and thirst for only half as long as they
normally would.)

4.   User Interface (UI)

4.1  Q: How can I increase my frame rate to make the picture move more
        smoothly?

A:  Add this to the file EQCLIENT.INI in your EverQuest folder, under the
[Default] section:

UseTnL=False
VideoModeBitsPerPixel=16

Note:  This may not help all systems.  Use at your own discretion.

Other things you can try:  In the game under Options (Alt-O pop-up window),
choose lower settings for spell and environment particles, and/or lower the
setting for the far clip plane (how far away you can see).  The less the game
has to draw, the better it can keep up.  Paradoxically, it may even help to
LOWER the frame rate Options setting, because the game may keep up better if
it's not trying to generate as many frames.  You may also want to turn off
Luclin character Models, which you do from the main startup menu (before you
log in) under Options.  This can help in raid situations where lots of
characters are around.  See section 8.1 for more tips on improving system
performance for raids.

Also, the /shownames command has several different levels to hide/show parts
of names such as titles, last names, and guild names.  Showing less of each
name helps frame rate in crowded situations.  Some people like /shownames 1,
which shows just the first names of characters.  Type /shownames alone to
get a list of the levels, and then try /shownames 1, /shownames 2, etc. to
see what each level does.

Finally, if you're having trouble in a crowded area such as the Bazaar or
Plane of Knowledge, it may help to change your camera angle so you're not
trying to see as much.  Use "Page Down" to angle the camera slightly toward
the ground, or use F9 to find an overhead view.

4.2  Q: How do I change the colors of the text?

A:  To do this while in the game, bring up the Options pop-up (Alt-O) and go
to the colors section (the far right tab).  Click on the button of the text
type you'd like to change, then adjust the color to your liking.  (You may
have to scroll a bit to find all the text types.)

4.3  Q: How can I see where I'm going when my map window fills so much of my
        screen?

A:  The map window, and in fact any window, can be made transparent by
right-clicking on its title bar to open its menu, then hovering the cursor
above the first option, "Window".  This will show another drop down menu.
Move the cursor over "Alpha" and left-click on "Faded Level".  (This is for
making the window transparent a few seconds after the mouse moves out of the
window.  To make it transparent always, select "Normal Level".)  You'll get
a box in which to enter a value from 0 to 100.  0 will make the window frame
and control elements, but not the contents, completely transparent, 100 will
make it completely opaque, and 50 will make it semi-transparent.  Note that
you cannot generally click on or target things through a transparent window.
You can also obtain smaller map windows from the eqinterface site,
http://www.eqinterface.com/.

4.4  Q: What else can I change about the User Interface, and how?

A:  Quite a bit, depending on how much you're willing to fiddle with.
Note:  All of the things listed in this section and the next are changes
that get stored on your computer, so if you go to a friend's house and log
onto your EQ account from there, your changes won't be there.

Within the game, you can rearrange the size and locations of the windows,
and can set their "alpha" levels to make them become more transparent.  (But
be aware that you generally cannot click to target things that are covered by
a transparent window.)  You can split up your chat messages across multiple
windows (per question 5.7) so the important stuff is easier to notice and
doesn't get pushed off the top of the window too quickly.  The Options window
(accessed via Alt-O) has many settings you can adjust; the Keyboard options
in particular let you change which keys invoke various functions.  Browsing
the rather long list of available functions may give you some ideas of ways
to make the game play more smoothly for you, e.g. by making shift-F9 and
control-F9 switch directly to certain camera angles rather than having to
hit F9 repeatedly to cycle through all the cameras.  (Note:  Changing which
keys do each function will affect ALL characters played on that computer.)

If you're a bit braver, you can edit various files in your EverQuest folder.
This can be an easier way to fine-tune window locations, alpha settings,
etc., or to copy your favorite socials from one character to another.  Be
careful to save a copy of the file before changing it, in case you screw up
and need to change it back.  Also, changes might not take effect until the
character involved changes zones.  The files most likely to be worth looking
at are:

eqclient.ini
	stuff that affects all characters played on that computer, including
	key mappings and text colors, as well as pre-login stuff such as
	whether to use more details character models and whether it's time
	to bug you again about buying the latest expansion
charactername_servername.ini
	friends/ignore lists, hot buttons and socials, action/skill/combat
	buttons, and the text people see when they "inspect" you
UI_charactername_servername.ini
	everything else specific to the character, including window positions
	and alpha levels, chat filters and autojoin list (and lots more, but
	those are the main things you might fiddle with)

If you want to make more sweeping changes to the UI, see question 4.5.

4.5  Q: I've heard I can use a different User Interface (UI) from the one that
        comes with EverQuest.  How do I do that?

A:  The UI that comes with EverQuest has evolved over the years to reflect
in-game changes.  Thousands of players use the default user interface, or
make small changes using the Options window, but many have chosen either to
write their own or to use the clever UIs written by other people.

The largest collection of UIs for EverQuest is at http://www.eqinterface.com/.
You will have to register to get the new UIs but doing so is free.

Once on the site you will see that there are a number of complete UIs that
change all of the parts of your EverQuest world to a specific theme.  Other
areas give you the ability to load smaller map windows, tailored items for
specific classes, maps for zones and even the ability to view recipes and
spell lists in your storyline window (via alt-N).

4.6  Q: How do I get the UI I have downloaded to work in EverQuest?

A:  In your EverQuest folder (which can be seen in Windows Explorer) there
are a number of sub-folders.  If you are changing your complete UI, go to
the "uifiles" folder.  You will see one folder there called "default".
This contains the stock standard interface you see on the screen if you have
no other UI loaded.  LEAVE THIS FOLDER ALONE AND MAKE NO CHANGES TO IT.  In
the "uifiles" folder create a new folder named "me".  (It can be called
anything, but simple is good in this case.  If you're going to use different
UIs for each of your characters, name each folder after the character.)
Unload your downloaded new UI files into the "me" folder.  In the game you
will start out with the stock standard UI provided by SOE.  In your chat
window, type "/loadskin me" and hit Enter.  For a few seconds your screen
will stop, then it will reappear with your new UI loaded.  You will have to
rearrange the screen to suit your style of play.

Some UI elements such as spell lists or maps (which can be downloaded from
http://www.mapfiend.net/) require their own folders or can be downloaded
straight into existing folders.  For example, the maps mentioned above are
downloaded straight into your "maps" folder inside the "EverQuest" folder.
Spells and trade skill notes normally appear under the storyline button in
game and (you guessed it) will be under the "storyline" folder in your
"EverQuest" main folder.

Each of the UIs normally carries instructions for its use, either on the web
site or in "readme" files.

4.7  Q: I play a warrior and do not need a caster or mana bar with my
        character.  How can I change this?

A:  Most of the complete UI sets include modifications for specific classes.
Warriors can reclaim the space taken up by their blank mana bar, druids and
rangers can find new tracking interfaces, and so on.  If you are happy with
the general theme you are using, make another folder in the "uifiles" folder,
call it "warrior" or something else appropriate, and copy all the files from
your "me" folder into the "warrior" folder.  Then copy any additional
class-specific files from the http://www.eqinterface.com/ site.  In game,
playing your warrior, at the chat window type "/loadskin warrior" and your
new UI should appear without the mana and casting bars.  You can have as
many UI folders as you need to outfit the different classes you play; just
ensure that they have all the base files in them first, and then add/replace
the class-specific files.

4.8  Q: My UI does not work after the last patch.  What happened?

A:  Sometimes SOE changes the files for the way their own interface operates.
Sites such as eqinterface will normally have files to add to your custom UI
after a patch.  Download the new file(s) and overwrite the versions in each
of your custom UI folders.

4.9  Q: I want to design and code my own UI.  How do I go about it?

A:  Sites such as http://www.eq-toolbox.com/ give you the necessary tools to
do so.  Their forum area is also very good for picking up hints on where
to go.  Most of the contributors to eqinterface start out at eq-toolbox.

5.   Chat Channels

5.1  Q: What are chat channels?

A:  Chat channels are like chat rooms that everyone on your server can
access.  Unlike /shout and /ooc, which can be read only by people in the same
zone with you, chat channels can be read by everyone on the server, if they
choose.  (Some channels require a password, but you can think of the password
as being just part of the channel name, since you need to know the name to
be able to join it, too.)  There are also established chat channels that can
be joined by everyone on EVERY EverQuest server, if they so desire.

5.2  Q: How do I join/start a chat channel?

A:  Type /join channelname.  For example, if you wanted to join the market
channel on your server, you would type /join market.  (Most servers do have
a market channel of some sort, though they might be named something else like
auction, bazaar, or whatever.  If you want to find out, ask around or
experiment.)  If you want to join a channel that has a password, type /join
channel:password.  For example, to join a market channel with the password
of shop, you would type /join market:shop.  To create a new channel, type
/join followed by the name of the channel you want to create, and a password
if you think it should have one.

To join a channel on another server, type /join servername.channel:password.
For example, if you wanted to join the market on the Drinal server, you would
type /join drinal.market.  There are also channels that are not associated
with any one server; these are named serverwide.channelname.  For instance,
the channel for alt.games.everquest readers is serverwide.age:age.

In all cases, when you join you'll see a message in which the number to the
right of the channel name tells you how many people are in that channel at
the time you joined.  The number to the left of the channel name is what you
use to talk in that channel:  use /1 to talk to channel 1, etc.

5.3  Q: How do I leave a channel I have joined?

A:  Type /leave Channel#.  For example, if you have only joined the drinal
market channel, it will be channel 1.  To leave it, you would type /leave 1 .
In general, the channel number is the number shown to the left of the
channel name when you joined.

5.4  Q: Can I automatically join a channel every time I log in?

A:  Yes; this is called "autojoining".  If you know that you want to be
participating in a certain chat channel every time you are online, type
/autojoin channelname (or /autojoin channelname:password if there's a
password).  If you want to autojoin more than one channel, then type it
like this: /autojoin channelname:password, nextchannel:nextpassword, and so
on.  For example, to autojoin both the market channel and the serverwide
alt.games.everquest chat, type "/autojoin market, serverwide.age:age".  Note:
autojoining channels sets them to be joined the next time you log in, not
for the session you are in.  If you want to be in the channels you have set
in your autojoin list that session, you must join the channels manually by
using the /join command.

5.5  Q: How do I stop automatically joining a channel?

A:  You have to type the /autojoin command again, leaving out the channels
you no longer want to include (but listing all the ones you want to keep).
(Some people claim you can just type /autojoin for a channel that's already
on your list, and it'll un-autojoin you, but experiments show this not to be
the case.  In fact, that will un-autojoin all the OTHER channels and leave
you autojoining only the one you were trying to remove!)  If you don't want
to be in any channels, you can either type "/autojoin , " (slash, autojoin,
space, comma, enter) or go into the file UI_charactername_servername.ini in
your EverQuest folder and edit down the autojoin list as it is shown there.

5.6  Q: What are some current serverwide channels?

A:  Here are a few.  Others will be added as they are discovered.

* serverwide.age:age (chat channel for this newsgroup)
* serverwide.beastlords:beastlords
* serverwide.bards:bards
* serverwide.cleric:cleric
* serverwide.druidsgrove:password (main druid's chat channel)
* serverwide.eqlive:tnz (The Newbie Zone; official Sony EQlive Forum)
* serverwide.enchanter:enchanter
* serverwide.eqdruids:eqdruids
* serverwide.eqtraders:eqtraders (trade skills, not character trades!)
* serverwide.magicians:fluffy
* serverwide.paladins:paladins
* serverwide.ranger:ranger
* serverwide.rangersglade:glade
* serverwide.sk:sk (shadowknights)

5.7  Q: I've joined too many channels and now the text is flying by too fast! 
        What should I do?  Can I have separate chat windows?

A:  Chat windows allow a player to use separate windows for specific chat
tasks.  For example, if you are on a guild raid you can have all your say
and guild text in one window, and your raid and battle spam in another.  You
can create as many windows as you like, but most players opt for at most two
or three, as the screen gets too busy.

Right click on the black title bar of your main chat window where it says
"Main Chat".  The second option down on the list is "New Chat Window".  Left
click on that to bring up your new chat window.  The new window will appear
over the top of the main chat window, and can then be dragged to another
location and re-sized if you wish.

In the new chat window, right click on the title bar and choose "Filters".
Another menu opens which allows you to choose which types of messages go
into the new window.  You can continue customizing these windows with the
filters to split the different types of chat among the windows.

5.8  Q: How do I find out how many people are in a channel and who?

A:  Type /list #, where # is the number of the channel.  For example, if you
are in serverwide.age:age and it's the only channel you joined, type /list 1.
Typing /list with no number lists all the channels you're in.

6.   Posting in alt.games.everquest

6.1  Q: I posted one innocent little question, and got flamed.  Why?

A:  alt.games.everquest has an established community, and several long-time
residents have strong personalities.  We also have a steady influx of new
readers here, many of whom make no effort to do any research at all before
they ask questions.  This combination seems to bring out the flame-throwers
on a regular basis.  We also have several here who enjoy long, repetitious,
self-imploding discussions laced with personal attacks and expletives.  If
you do find yourself getting flamed, probably the best reaction would be just
to shrug it off, and not reply in kind.  It is very useful to have a thick
skin in AGE, and a little common sense and perspective aren't a bad idea,
either.

6.2  Q: So does that mean that I can't ask any questions here at all?

A:  Not at all.  There are many people here who are very knowledgeable about
EQ and are happy to share what they know.  It would be helpful if you were to
do some basic research before you ask questions that may have been asked many
times before.  The fact that you're reading this FAQ is a good sign, but the
FAQ can't cover every recurring question.  One thing you might try is going
to http://groups.google.com/groups?q=alt.games.everquest and checking the
"Search only in alt.games.everquest" radio button, then typing in some key
words from your question.  But if that doesn't help, by all means fire away.
If you get flamed for it, refer to question 6.1.

6.3  Q: What is top posting, and why is it so hated here?

A:  Top posting is the act of posting your reply on top of quoted material,
that is, ahead of the text to which you are responding, rather than placing
your response either at the bottom of quoted material or interspersed
throughout it.  AGE is a newsgroup that on the whole feels strongly about
top posting, and the feelings are not warm and fuzzy.  The discussions in
AGE are often complex and wandering, and having to scroll to the bottom of
a post to see what the heck a person is replying to is awkward and annoying,
and breaks the flow of the post.  You might prefer top posting and that is
your prerogative, but if you insist on using it here you can expect to be
flamed and to land on a lot of folks' Kill Files.  And please don't try to
skirt the issue by just not quoting anything at all, either.  People are
not going to go back through the thread playing detective to try to figure
out what the heck you're responding to.

6.4  Q: I've noticed a lot of unfriendly posts coming from the same people. 
        This newsgroup sure has its share of jerks, eh?

A:  It would be hard to find an active newsgroup that doesn't.  However,
many of the more virulent posters we have are basically right in what they
say, once you look past the rudeness of manner of their presentation.  They
may be enthusiastic in going after people who post facts or opinions that
they dispute.  But if you can get past that, you might find that they can
teach a lot about EQ.  If you can't get past it, no worries.  Just ignore
them or place them in your Kill File.  Endless arguing with them will not
generally make anyone think you are especially clever, or put them in their
place, or do whatever it is you are hoping to do.  Also, if you make some
clever misspelling of a regular's posting name in an effort to win an
argument, you automatically lose that argument.  /nod

6.5  Q: Will everyone hate me if I make an off topic comment or post?

A:  No, not everyone.  Almost every active newsgroup out there experiences
some degree of topic drift; you have about as good a chance of stopping it as
you do of stopping continental drift.  AGE is a fairly active group, and the
drift is quite noticeable at times.  If this annoys you then it is best just
to start ignoring a thread when it goes from talking about the best offhand
weapon for a halfling ranger to the best way to make nachos.  If you are
starting a new thread that is clearly not related to EQ, it is a good idea
to give it a subject starting with the letters OT (off topic) so that those
who want to avoid such threads can do so from the start.

6.6  Q: I posted something I heard was true, and then some guy jumped all over
        me for being wrong!  Why did he make such a big deal over it?

A:  Because that's something that is important to several posters here.  In
this place, a.g.e., we do check facts.  We will google while we post, and we
will google and research other people's assertions if we feel they are in
error.  And we do ask for and expect cited sources.  This might be viewed as
both good and bad.  Bad, because we can come across as niggling, harsh, and
overly intolerant to dubious statements.  But also good, because if you read
a fact here about some aspect of EQ, you can be fairly certain that if it
isn't correct at the start, it will almost certainly be corrected quickly.
Of course, in many instances the "facts" aren't really available, and it
might even be questionable whether anyone at SOE knows the answer.  Then you
will get a long, drawn out discussion, usually with flaming, where people
will discuss their opinions on the matter at hand.  Once you get used to the
place, and learn the standards to which we hold ourselves and others, you
might find that it is well worth the effort.

6.7  Q: What else should I know about newsgroup etiquette?

The following are a couple web sites regarding common etiquette techniques
for newsgroups.  (Note that, in case it's not obvious, the "emily" page
is written tongue-in-cheek, giving exaggerated examples of what NOT to do.)

Quoting Style in Newsgroup Postings:
http://www.xs4all.nl/~wijnands/nnq/nquote.html

General Net Etiquette:
http://www.templetons.com/brad/emily.html

Here is a brief, generic Netiquette guide.  You can take most of this to
almost any newsgroup you go to.

* Newsgroups are like self-governing communities; there are no "Newsgroup
  Cops."  Instead, posters regulate themselves.  Below are some simple rules
  of newsgroup etiquette to understand before you venture into a newsgroup.
  Think of these as a set of guidelines that will keep you from making
  mistakes and will make you look and sound like a veteran newsgroup poster.
* This is not a "binary" newsgroup, please do not post binaries (images,
  programs, etc.).
* Do not post in HTML.  Many people still read newsgroups as "plain text".
  Posting links to web sites is fine.
* Lurk.  Read the newsgroup without posting for a few weeks.  This is known
  as "lurking," and it will give you the flavor of the newsgroup.
* Read the FAQ.  Find and read the newsgroup's FAQ (list of Frequently Asked
  Questions and other important information).  It can answer questions you
  didn't know you had, and is the quickest way to learn about a newsgroup.
* Stay on-topic.  Know what's on-topic and what's off-limits.  Every
  newsgroup is a little different in what it talks about, and how it does
  the talking.
* DON'T SHOUT.  TYPING IN ALL CAPS IS CONSIDERED SHOUTING.  It's easier to
  read a mix of upper- and lower-case letters.
* Never, ever post "MAKE MONEY FAST."  It doesn't work, it gets people
  really mad, and no matter what it says, it's probably illegal.
* Everyone hates commercials.  Don't post advertisements or commercial
  messages.  They also get people really mad.
* Ignore "trolls."  Some people get a thrill from posting "flames" (really
  obnoxious messages) just to get a rise out of people.  Sad, isn't it?
  Such people are called "trolls".  (No relationship to the troll race in
  EverQuest!)  Don't feed the trolls.  Witty responses can sometimes be
  amusing, but they are really aimed at other readers and are not attempting
  to reply to the troll.
* Don't "spam."  Spam is posting the same message to dozens, even hundreds
  or thousands of unrelated newsgroups.  No matter how important you think
  your message may be, it's not worth it.  Think about it:  If everyone
  posted about every topic, and posted copies everywhere, no one would be
  able to find anything.
* Be Original.  Don't over quote:  Copying a long post (more than 20 lines)
  just to add "I agree" or "me too" is considered bad form.  Make clear who
  and what you are replying to.
* The Golden Rule:  Do unto others, as you would have them do unto you.
  Remember, every expert was a newbie once.

7.   EverQuest II

7.1  Q: What is this EverQuest II game that I hear about?

A:  EverQuest II is another MMORPG that is under development by SOE and is
due to be released in November 2004.  It is set in the world of Norrath,
several hundred years in the future, after the planet has suffered some
major cataclysm that destroys much of the known world.

7.2  Q: Does this mean that the EverQuest I am playing will end then?

A:  EverQuest II is not meant to be a replacement for EverQuest Live.  The
two games have different development teams, and SOE steadily maintains that
it means to maintain both games for as long as there is enough of a demand to
keep them both going.  EverQuest is currently a very popular title, and it
has managed to remain so despite challenges from other MMORPG's that people
were certain would mean its decline.  That said, few things in life are
guaranteed, and if EQ drops in popularity for whatever reason to the point
that is no longer profitable, it is unrealistic to expect that SOE will
continue it.  Still, the day when they do pull the plug on EverQuest Live
seems to be remote at this time.

7.3  Q: Can I post about EQ II on alt.games.everquest?

A:  For the time being, yes.  At the moment many of the EQ II posts are
comparisons between the two games, so the relevance to "traditional" EQ is
clear.  Once EQ II has been released and had a few weeks or months to settle
down, the a.g.e readership may decide that too much of the EQ II discussion
is no longer interesting, at which point a separate newsgroup may be formed.

To make sure people know which game you're talking about, it's considered
polite to include EQ2 or EQII somewhere in the subject if you're discussing
EQ II.  If you don't, you should accept your inevitable chastisement.

7.4  Q: How can I find out more about EverQuest II?

A:  There is a section in the links portion at the bottom of this document
that will lead you to EQII websites.

8.   Miscellaneous Tips

8.1  Performance / Raid settings

Here are some tips for helping your computer keep up during a raid or in
other situations where there's lots of stuff going on on the screen.  See
also section 4.1.

* "/showgrass off" reduces lag in newer zones with moving tree branches.
* "/showspelleffects off" removes most of the pretty spell effects.  To
  remove the rest, go to the Display Options and turn off particle effects.
* "/shownames off" turns all names off so you don't get lag from all the
  names.  "/shownames 1" shows just everyone's first name.
* "/hidecorpses all" or "/hidecorpses allbutgroup" gets rid of dead
  bodies that you don't need to loot and that interfere with targeting.
* Ctrl - (minus) lowers the clip plane (so you don't see as far) without
  having to open the Options window.  Ctrl + (plus) moves it back out.
* If you are on a high-speed connection, find the file datarate.txt in
  your EQ Directory and change it so the value is 8.  This causes larger
  packets to be downloaded to you (decreasing lag).  (Word has it that
  values higher than 8 may cause frequent LD when zoning.)

8.2  Spellcasting

If you're casting a spell and need to interrupt it (for instance, to cast
a different spell), you can duck (type the "d" key) rather than trying to
run or jump.  Ducking interrupts casting immediately instead of waiting
until the casting time finishes.  Another way is to type shift-S, which
does a /stopcast command.  (Neither ducking nor /stopcast works if you're
riding a mount, though.)

"/target xxx" targets the closest thing (within 50 feet) whose name starts
with "xxx".  This works on both players and mobs.  So suppose there are two
players named Fred and Fredrick on the raid, neither of them in your group,
and Fredrick needs healing.  Type "/tar Fredr" and if Fredrick is within 50
feet of you (forwards or backwards, doesn't matter) she will get selected
to be your current target.  If you type "/tar Fred" you'll target whichever
of Fred or Fredrick is closest, if within 50 of you.

"/tgb on" lets you cast group spells on another group without having to be
invited.

"/rt" targets the last person that sent you a /tell, provided they are
within range (very handy when someone asks you to cast a spell on them).

Pressing a number key while holding Alt (Alt-1, Alt-2, etc.) casts the
spell in the corresponding numbered gem.

The left/right arrow keys flip through the pages of your spellbook if you
have it open.

"/book #" opens your spellbook to the given page #.

Right-click on a empty spell gem will bring up your spell list menu.

Right-click on the "open spell book" image at the bottom of the gems window
lets you manage "saved spell sets".  "/memspellset blah" changes your gems
to contain the spell set named "blah".  You can have up to ten saved spell
sets (so you might even devote one set of ten hotkeys to them, if you have
many saved sets).  If you save a spell set that includes some empty gems,
those gems won't change when you /memspellset that set.

If you need to cast after running, tap a short turn before casting to
avoid having an interrupted spell.  (This forces the server to update
your location so it doesn't think you're still running.)

If you are any type of caster, go to PoK after every few levels and practice
your spells until you max out your casting skills for that level.  Get a
mana regen buff if you can, load up your cheapest, fastest casting spells for
the skills you wish to raise, cast the spells on yourself.  Any detrimental
spells, be they de-buffs, damage, or whatever, will not affect you, but will
still raise the skill.  Buffs will work as normal.

Cure disease will cure Slow.  Cure poison will cure Tash.

If the cleric has Divine Aura on, or the bard is playing their Divine Aura
song, they will not teleport with you nor will they succor.

8.3  Corpses and other Targets

Make an /assist key (a hotkeyed social that does "/assist").  This is very
important in groups.  The /assist key will place your target's target in
your target window.  For example, you target me, Teapray.  I have a nearby
wolf targeted.  You hit your /assist key.  Now you have that very same wolf
targeted.  This is useful in many contexts, such as when there is more than
one mob attacking the party, and it's important to get all or most of the
party on a single target to make it die faster; you all target the "Main
Assist" (the person whose job it is to pick the target) and then use /assist
to target the selected mob.  The /assist key can also be used to /consider
mobs if you can't get close enough to target them; I target the mob, you
target me and assist, then /con to check the level and attitude of the mob).
You can even /assist a mob to see which party member it's beating on (e.g.,
so you can heal that person).

If autoattack turns on when you type /assist, and you'd rather it didn't,
either type "/assist off" or go into your EQClient.ini file and change
AttackOnAssist=TRUE to read FALSE.  (Note that, by either method, the same
choice will affect all of your characters.)

Pressing F1-F6 targets the respective person in your group, F1 always being
yourself and the others in the order listed in the party window.  Pressing
the same key again targets the individual's pet, if they have one.

F7 targets the closest player in view.  F8 targets the closest NPC in view.
(The game's idea of what is "in view" may not match yours, so always check
the name in your target window or look for the target ring or flashing name
to make sure you've got the target you wanted.)

If you target a corpse (yours or a mob's) you can type /loot to loot it.
This is especially useful in conjunction with /target, especially if a mob
leaves its corpse inside a wall (or atop a player corpse) where it's hard
to click on it.  E.g., since many mobs have names starting with "a" or "an",
you can make hotkeys that do "/target a_" or "/target an_" plus "/loot".
(Note the underline, which is treated as a space by the /target command.
This keeps you from trying to target players or NPCs whose names start with
"A".)  For pet classes, your pet will always have its last target's corpse
targeted if you haven't cleared its target or given it a new attack order.
So if a mob dies inside a wall, assist your pet, go next to the wall, and
type /loot.

When you are looting, right-click on an item to /autoinventory it.

To find a corpse that is missing, make a hotkey with /target playername
and run around hitting the hotkey.  (If it's your own corpse, make it
/target playername's_corpse, or you'll just target yourself!)  When you
are in range of the corpse, you will see the name appear in your target
window.  Then type /corpse to summon it.

A relatively new feature (added in Fall 2004) is the ability to drag up to
two corpses without having to repeatedly type /corpse to keep summoning
them.  To begin dragging a corpse, target the corpse and type /corpsedrag.
To stop dragging a corpse, target the corpse again and type /corpsedrop.
You do not have to keep hitting /corpse or any other hotkey, the corpse(s)
automatically follow at your feet, stopping wherever you stop.  Be careful
using this method; it is easy to accidentally loot the corpse at your feet
if it is your own.  If you loot all the items from the corpse, it will poof
before you can get a rez.

The /consent command lets you give permission to another character to drag
(but not to loot) your corpse.  You can even give consent to a character who
isn't logged in at the time, even to another of your own characters!  Also,
instead of naming a character, you can use the commands "/consent raid",
"/consent group", or "/consent guild", even before you die, to let anyone in
your raid/group/guild drag your body should tragedy strike.  Use "/deny
raid", etc., to remove the consent.

"No rent" items, which normally vanish half an hour after you camp (unless
you come back before then), will stick around forever if they're on a corpse.
So if you have no-rent keys, quest items, or anything else you don't want
to disappear, just /duel someone, have them kill you, and leave the items
on the body for later use.

8.4  Socials and Speaking

"/ttell", or "/tt", sends a tell to your current target.  It can send a tell
to the owner of a corpse.  It works for the living, too.  Ever had trouble
typing someone's name in order to talk to them?  Target them and use /tt.

/rsay or /rs talks to the raid channel (PoP only).  /g talks to your group.
/gu talks to your guild.

Pressing a digit (1, 2, ..., 0) on the main keyboard initiates the
corresponding hotkey.  See section 3.11 for more about hotkeys.

You can invoke skills and combat abilities in socials (hotkeys) using
"/doability #", or "/do #" for short.  Abilities 1-6 are general abilities
(the second tab in the Actions window, displayed by ctrl-A) and 7-10 are
combat abilities (the third Actions tab, displayed by ctrl-C).

If some lines of your hotkeyed social aren't taking effect, try adding
a small pause to each line using the "/pause #" command.  (The # is in
tenths of a second.)  Note that, even though the /pause is added at the
front, the pause takes place AFTER the other command on that line.  (Go
figure.)  For instance, to get multiple lines of /auction to appear:

/pause 3, /auction Look what I've got for sale today:
/pause 3, /auction This
/pause 3, /auction That
/pause 3, /auction and the other Thing!

When writing hotkeys, you can use some special notations to fill in parts
of the command based on your current target.  You can use either upper- or
lower-case letters.
* %t becomes the name of your current target
* %r becomes the race if your target is a player character (or "NPC" if not)
* %s becomes the subjective pronoun (he, she, or it)
* %o becomes the objective pronoun (him, her, or it)
* %p becomes the possessive pronoun (his, her, or its)
* %m becomes your pet's name
Thus the puller might press a social that says
/g Incoming, %t!  Kill %o and take %p stuff!
and call out, "Incoming, a giant rat!  Kill it and take its stuff!"

' is a shortcut for /say
: is a shortcut for /emote

You can shorten any command to just the letters required to make it unique.
Some common commands also have explicit shortcuts.  Examples of shortest
unique commands are /shown (/shownames), /tt (/ttell), and /tar (/target).
Examples of explicit shortcuts are /t (/tell) and /g (/gsay).

After you hit the "r" to reply to the last person who sent you a tell, you
can then hit the "tab" key to cycle through all the people that have sent
you tells (up to 10, I think).  Useful if you are talking to several people
at once.  If you overshoot, shift-tab goes through the list backwards.
Also, if you camp one character and log in another, the "r" key will still
reply to whoever last sent a tell to the previous character (until someone
sends you a new tell).

If someone's bothering you with tells, shouts, etc., use "/ignore Soandso".
You will see nothing from that person from then on.  This can be very useful
when people get abusive and you just don't want to deal with it.

If you need to submit a /petition and the text in one of your chat windows
is relevant (e.g., you fell for 20000 damage due to a bug in the game, or
you want to complain about someone harassing you), you will need to use the
/report command to send an official record of the chat window text.  Type
"/report yourcharactername".  Be sure to do it as soon as possible after the
incident so that not too much other text has gone by; /report includes only
the last 15-20 or so lines.  Also, if you have multiple chat windows, click
first in the one with the important text, so that the /report command will
capture the text from that window.

8.5  General

Hold shift down and hit pageup or pagedown and you will scroll your current
chat window (whichever you last clicked in) up or down 1 page at a time.

Hold shift and the up/down arrows will cycle through the commands you have
typed.  You can press Enter to do the currently shown command again, or you
can modify it first.  This comes in handy when someone has missed your tell
or reply, or when you're doing a quest multiple times and need to repeat
something to an NPC.

Ducking significantly reduces falling damage when running on hilly terrain.
(Actually, anything that makes you move more slowly will reduce damage,
because you won't move as far between falls and thus the ground won't have
dropped as far.  Just don't think that because you've ducked it's safe to
jump off a cliff!)

Though everyone now starts out with maxed skill in Sense Heading (this was
not always the case), it may still be useful to know that:
* Dropped swords/daggers point north.
* Clouds always move east to west.
* Moss only grows on the north side of trees.

To stop moving quickly while on a mount, just click off the mount icon.

Sitting (except on a mount) causes Agro with mobs.  This can work to your
advantage if the mob doesn't summon.  If you need to keep a mob off the tank
for a moment, sit; as it comes towards you, stand back up.  This is known as
ping-ponging the mob.  The mob will go back and forth between you and the
tank.

The minus key on the numberpad is the Default Key for taking a Screen shot.
Screen shots are stored in the screenshots folder in your EverQuest folder.

Control-click picks up a single item from a stack (or a single coin from
your inventory or bank).  Shift-click picks up an entire stack of items or
coins.  This also works when you are purchasing/selling items.  To buy only
one of a stackable item, hold the CTRL key and click BUY.  To buy a stack,
hold the SHIFT key and click BUY.  Do the same thing with the SELL button
for selling single units or whole stacks.  This also works when clicking on
the Donate button at the Tribute Master.

/autoinventory will take whatever is on your cursor and put it in your
inventory.  This used to be very useful for tradeskills, but the new UI for
tradeskill containers has its own Autoinventory button.  The command is
still useful in hotkeys, e.g. to stash whatever your fishing or foraging
hotkey has turned up.

When looking at a merchant's inventory, hold your cursor over the inventory
and press ALT.  You'll see the names of all items without having to click
on (or move the mouse over) each one.

To put a comment in your profile that others see when they inspect you, go
to a non first person view (using F9), target and inspect yourself, and type
in the box.

/guildstatus when targeting a person will tell you what guild that person
is in, even if they are "anonymous".  It will also tell you if they are an
officer or the guild leader.

If you need help raising your offense and melee weapon skills, go duel a pet
class friend who has gotten the "pet hold" AA.  Don't use an arena, where
others might interfere.  Just go to any zone other than PoK and duel.  This
works for defense as well, as long as the person controlling the pet backs
the pet off instead of killing you!

If someone in your group has a green bar under their red HP bar (in the group
window) it means they have a pet (and shows the pet's HP).  This is one way
you can check whether an enchanter or bard in your group has charmed a mob,
especially if you're wondering why you're not allowed to attack that mob.  If
you want to verify which mob is the pet, type the F2-F6 key that targets the
group member, then type it again to target their pet.

For tanks, if you expect a mob to start running in its last 20% of health,
turn it around so you face the way you want it to run to.  Half-dead mobs
tend to turn 180 degrees and run away from you.  Even before the mob runs,
you should turn it (by moving around so it turns to face you) so its back is
to the group, especially when you have pets in the group.  This is because
the mob can't parry, block, or riposte attacks that come from behind it.
Make sure you tell your group you will do this before pulling, though.

When firing arrows, make sure there are no other NPCs between you and
whomever you're shooting.  You will hit them and end up fighting more than
you planned, possibly even an otherwise friendly guard.

Invulnerability spells such as Divine Aura and Divine Barrier cause you to
lose aggro almost instantly if the mob has another on its hate list.  DA and
DB also protect you from environmental damage.  This is great for reaching
places that would kill you to walk to.  DA and drop into the chasm near
Howling Stones; DA and jump off the Highpass ramp in East Karana; jump into
the Hole from Paineel and DA the instant you zone, to resurrect a raid into
the bottom of The Hole.

For another way into The Hole, go down to the bottom where the pond is in
Paineel.  When you are in the water, in the upper right portion of the rocks,
there is a hole you can squeeze through.  Wolf form helps in doing this (as
does Enduring Breath, of course).  Keep trying and eventually you'll make it
through.

8.6  Lost Dungeons of Norrath

8.6.1  How do I earn/spend points in the LDoN camps?

A:  You have ONE pool of Adventure Points that can be spent at ANY adventure
merchant.  There is no such thing as MM points, or EC points, etc.; all
points earned at any dungeon contribute to a common pool of points.  If you
hit alt-V and click on the "View Stats" button you'll see one entry called
"Adventure Points Available", which shows you your unspent total.

When you want to buy something from one particular camp, you are limited in
what you can SEE (and therefore what you can purchase) by how many Adventure
Points you have EVER EARNED at that particular dungeon.  The more points
earned at a particular dungeon, the higher up in the list you can see (and
therefore buy) at that camp.  However, the points you spend to BUY something
come from that common pool and thus could have been earned at any camp.

For example, suppose you've earned 350ap at MM, 300ap at Tak, 300ap at Ruj,
100ap at Guk, and 500ap at EF, and let's say you haven't spent any of those
points ever.  So you have a combined total now of 1550ap.  This is the
number that shows up as "Adventure Points Available" when you do Alt-V and
"View Stats".  You read somewhere that "Incorporeal Chain of the Spectre"
sells for 1492ap at EF.  Woohoo!  You've got 1550ap, so you run over to EF
eager to buy it.  Unfortunately, because you've earned only 500 of those at
EF, when you go to the EF merchant you're not even shown the chain; you're
limited to seeing only those items that are 500ap, or just slightly above
that.  (So you can see items selling for around 650 or 710, for example, so
you'll know what will become available if you earn a few more points there.)
You'll notice that anything above 500ap is greyed out, and items 500ap and
below appear white and selectable.  The UI is telling you you have enough AP
earned at that location to buy a 500ap item, but nothing higher.

Despite what many people may erroneously tell you, there is NO WAY for you
to consolidate your points and spend them all at EF to get that chain.  You
will never be able to see, let alone buy, items substantially above what
you've earned at a particular dungeon.  In order to do that you just have
to buckle down and go out and earn the points at that dungeon.  However, what
you CAN do is use points earned at another dungeon to PAY FOR things that you
are allowed to buy.

Let's say you go out and earn another 1000ap at EF.  Now you have a combined
total of 2550ap, 1500 of them earned at EF.  When you go visit the adventure
merchant at EF you find that you can see everything on his list (because the
prices all top out at 1492).  You can now buy that chain.  Select it, hit
Purchase, confirm, and you now own the Chain and still have 1058ap in your
pool.  Notice that you can STILL see everything on the list at EF, including
the other 1492ap items, even though you only have 1058 to spend and only 8
of those were earned at EF.  Once you've exposed items for sale at any
merchant and can see them, you will ALWAYS be able to see them, and you can
pay for them using points earned at ANY camp.  You can go out and earn 80
million ap in Guk and spend it all on items offered at EF.  Once you've
reached the top of the list and can see everything for sale at a particular
merchant, you are said to have "unlocked" that dungeon.

To summarize:  To buy something of cost X at a particular camp, you must
satisfy two conditions.  First, you must have a total of X or more unspent
Adventure Points across all camps combined.  Second, you must have earned at
least X points at the particular camp.  It doesn't matter if you previously
spent X or even more than X points at that camp.  If you earn 1000ap at MM
and 100ap at EF, you can't buy any single item for more than 100ap at EF,
but you can still spend all 1100 points at EF as long as no single item
costs more than 100ap.

On Firiona Vie, where almost nothing is NoDrop, there's a trick you can use
to get stuff from a camp you haven't unlocked yet.  Go to any merchant and
spend your Adventure Points buying a bunch of 100ap NON-LORE augmentations.
Give them to a friend who has unlocked the camp you're interested in.  Your
friend can then go to the Gnome at the SRo wayfarer's camp and just give
each aug to the gnome.  The gnome will say something like "Ok, you didn't
like that, go buy something else" and will "refund" 100ap to your friend for
each aug turned in like this.  When your friend is done turning in the
augs, he can go to the merchant you were interested in, buy the item, and
give it to you.  This works on FV, but not on normal rules servers.

8.6.2  What is the Adventurers Stone for and how do I get it to improve?

A:  You must get your Adventurers Stone (by following the instructions
that you get when you hit level 15) before you can go on any LDoN missions,
but you don't need to carry the Stone with you.  The Adventurer's Stone is
also an augmentation for the Charm slot, which means you can attach it to an
item worn in that slot.  If you don't own a charm, purchase a cheap one
from one of the wayfarer's camps.  (If you're starting a new character, you
should always run through the first parts of the Tutorial in order to get the
Kobold Skull Charm there.)  Use the "birdbath" to combine the charm and the
stone.  The stats you earn upgrading your Adventurer's Stone work everywhere,
even if you put it on a charm that only works in LDoN dungeons.

If you combine your Stone onto a charm and later get a better charm, you can
destroy your old Stone and get a new one by talking to the NPC in the LDoN
camp just like when you got the first.  The new Stone will reflect the stats
you'd accumulated onto the old one.  [You might have to talk to those NPCs
as well?  I'm not sure; does anyone know?]

To update the stats on the Stone, hail the appropriate NPC after completing
some number of successful missions in each camp.  The NPCs, and the number
of wins needed before you can further improve your stone, are claimed to be as
follows, though other claims state that you get "a new piece of information"
every 2 wins and the stone improves after every 5 pieces of information
(hence, every 10 wins).  In any event, these appear to be the NPCs involved:

Takish-Hiz:
* 2 wins: Ruanya Windleaf - North Ro Adventure Camp
* 15: Farwein Windrun - South Ro at -2800,+500
* 30: Ruanya Windleaf - North Ro Adventure Camp
* 50: Nifel Faliwae - Greater Faydark at -1960,+2400
* 78: Ruanya Windleaf - North Ro Adventure Camp

Deepest Guk:
* 2 wins: Selphra Giztral - South Ro Adventure Camp
* 15: Bealya Tanilsua - West Commonlands at -455,+2600
* 30: Selphra Giztral - South Ro Adventure Camp
* 50: Deblik Grumblok - Innothule Swamp at -1700,+1150
* 72: Selphra Giztral - South Ro Adventure Camp

Mistmoore Catacombs:
* 2 wins: Vual Stoutest - Butcherblock Adventure Camp
* 15: Henai Silentwalker - Dagnors Cauldron at -1660,-1230
* 30: Vual Stoutest - Butcherblock Adventure Camp
* 50: Elwinn Prelilaen - Lesser Faydark at +700,-580
* 76: Vual Stoutest - Butcherblock Adventure Camp

The Rujarkian Hills:
* 2 wins: Barste Songweaver - East Commonlands Adventure Camp
* 15: Ginehl Wiquar - West Freeport at -606,+180 (near PoK book)
* 30: Barste Songweaver - East Commonlands Adventure Camp
* 50: Shumpi Wimahnn - East Karana at +185,-20 (near succor point)
* 76: Barste Songweaver - East Commonlands Adventure Camp

Miragul's Menagerie:
* 2 wins: Teria Grinntti - Everfrost Adventure Camp
* 15: Ubzial Iyeaql - Qeynos Hills at +3300,-500
* 30: Teria Grinntti - Everfrost Adventure Camp
* 50: ?? information needed here
* 68: Teria Grinntti - Everfrost Adventure Camp

When you've reached the maximum level shown in each camp, the stone will
grant +10 AC, +10 to all stats and resists, and +100 hp and +100 mana.

8.6.3  What are some general LDoN tips?

Be careful nobody stumbles into the dungeon zone-in before the group is
ready to start (finished buffing, medding back to full mana, etc.).  It's
not always obvious where the zone-in is, especially if it's someone's first
time at a particular dungeon entrance.  Once anybody enters the dungeon,
the timer starts counting down on the mission.

If someone has the Eye of Zomm spell, have them use it to scout ahead so
the mobs can be lulled before the pull.  If no one in the party has Zomm
then the puller can go to 3rd person view and slowly back up to the doorway.
Then they can see around the corners for adds to be lulled.

Make a hotkey for looting.  See question 8.3 for how to do this.

The chests you find in a dungeon may have good treasure or fire off a useful
magical effect, but they can also set off area effect poisons that affect
nearly the entire dungeon.  Many groups don't feel it's worth the risk to
try for the rare reward; some people would rather not try even if someone
in the group has the appropriate skill or spell to disarm the trap.  You
should at least discuss the matter before trying to disarm or open a chest.

9.   Glossary

9.1  Q: What abbreviations and jargon show up in the game?

There's a lot of terms and abbreviations you'll run into, too many to cover
them all here, but I'll try to describe the ones that get asked about most
often (since this is, after all, an FAQ).  Certainly if you see any jargon
used in the FAQ itself and the term isn't explained here, let me know!  The
terms here are grouped into categories rather than listed alphabetically.

Generic chat shorthand

Many of these terms are not specific to EverQuest, but show up in chat rooms,
IM, and other places where people type messages to each other.  The terms are
often used in lower-case but are shown here in upper-case for clarity.

AFK
	away from keyboard (EQ even has an /afk command)
BRB
	be right back ("afk for a soda, brb!")
BTW
	by the way
JK
	just kidding
NM
	never mind
NP
	no problem
THX, TNX, TY
	thanks, or thank you
YW
	you're welcome
WTF
	what the ...?
LOL
	laughing out loud
ROFL
	rolling on the floor laughing
LMAO
	laughing my ass off (also, ROFLMAO = ROFL + LMAO)
K
	short for OK (no, really!); also seen as "kk", this shorthand may
        have arisen because messages between players sometimes arrive with
        the last letter cut off, so "kk" may appear as "k" whereas "ok"
        could appear as "o"
GTG
	good to go, i.e. ready; sometimes confusing because the same
        shorthand in a chat room or IM often means "got to go"
OMW
	on my way
PST
	Please Send Tell, used when someone uses /ooc or /auction to ask for
        or offer something and wants responses via /tell rather than having
        the whole zone have to listen to the answers

Money and Economics

plat, pp
	platinum, the largest unit of EQ currency
WTB, WTS, WTT
	want to buy / sell / trade

Monsters and Combat

These terms come up in lots of different contexts.  Several terms (e.g.,
mob, PvP) are used by players in other MMORPGs as well.

PC
	player character
NPC
	non-player character, especially one you might imagine talking to
mob
	any monster or NPC (short for "mobile object")
PH, place holder
	a mob that, if killed, sometimes reappears as a rarer mob
con, also /con
	short for /consider (which by default is tied to the "C" key),
	refers to the "color rating" of the mob and how much it hates or
	likes you:  "What does that con to you?"  "Yellow and scowling."
faction
	most mobs belong to one faction, and your standing with that
	faction can affect how the mobs react when you /con them
KOS
	kill on sight, a /con of "scowling" or "threatening", such that
	the mob will attack you even if you don't attack it:  "I'm KOS to
	the guards at Cabilis"
green, blue, LB, DB, white, yellow, red
	the color portion of a /con, i.e. the mob's level relative to yours
camp
	as a verb, this can mean "to exit the game", but as a noun it refers
	to an area where a certain set of static mobs spawns, such that a
	group (or solo) can wait nearby and kill the same mobs over and over
	as they reappear (see discussion in Grouping 101 document); hence
	also a verb "to camp" a set of mobs, or to camp a rare mob by killing
	its "placeholder mobs" hoping the replacement will be the rare one
breaking a camp
	killing all the mobs in a camp but spacing out the kills over time,
	so eventually the mobs respawn one at a time for easy killing
camp check
	also "CC" (though less often since that also means crowd control),
	this means someone is asking which camps are claimed so they don't
	waste their time going somewhere that other people are hunting
pop
	a mob suddenly appearing as the game world creates it; can be used
	to call attention to an anticipated respawning (often then called a
	"repop"), or to warn of a mob appearing amidst the group
aggro (also agro)
	a mob becoming aggressive; this term is used in lots of ways: "aggro
	radius" is how close you can get before a mob notices you, "social
	aggro" is when a mob attacks because another similar mob nearby is
	attacking, "aggroing" a mob means to make it mad at you, etc.
train
	lots of mobs chasing a player (who is usually running for the zone
	line); it's considered good form to shout a warning (or even to stop
	and let yourself be killed) if you think your train might run over
	other players
zone!
	used as an exclamation, this is a warning that you should run across
	the boundary to the adjacent zone to avoid being killed (e.g., if
	your group is fighting near a zone line and too many mobs appear)
wipe
	when your entire group dies, or a significant fraction of a raid
KS
	kill-steal, killing a mob after someone else has aggroed it and
        they haven't asked for help, such that you get the experience and
        loot; doing this deliberately can cost you your EQ account
PvP
	player-vs-player (see question 2.8.3)
hp
	hit points
xp
	experience points: "these DBs give good xp"

Spells in General

buff
	a long-lasting beneficial spell, or the action of casting one
        (see the list of shorthands for oft-requested spells, below)
DD
	direct damage, something that applies damage once and is done
DOT
	damage over time, doing partial damage every 6 seconds
DS
	damage shield, a buff that does damage to anything that hits you
nuke
	a big DD spell
AE, AOE
	area effect (centered on a target, usually affecting at most 4)
PBAE
	point blank area effect (all mobs near the caster)
HOT
	heal over time

Miscellany

[Ed:  If anyone can suggest ways to organise some of these into new
or existing categories, please do!]

bubble
	one-fifth of a mana bar, hp bar, or experience bar
ding
	gained a level, as in "I just dinged 13!" (the proper response,
	no matter how trivial the level, is "Congratulations!" or something
	of the sort); this usually means a character level, but sometimes
	is used to refer to other skills:  "Ding! Tailoring 250!"  "Grats!"
lag
	lowered responsiveness of the game, caused by a combination of
	network speed, machine power, and how much stuff the game is trying
	to draw:  "Turn off all spell effects on a raid, it'll reduce lag"
LD
	linkdead, lost the connection to the game server; this is what the
	game tells everyone else in your group when you're looking at a
	"You have been disconnected" screen
CR
	corpse run (or corpse recovery), the act of finding your corpse
	so you can loot it (and possibly resurrect it to regain some xp)
nerf
	what SOE is said to do when they take a useful (though perhaps
	overpowered) feature of the game and make it useless:  "They nerfed
	that shark that was dropping a million plat"
twink
	a character with equipment far above what is accessible to its
	level; it either got a lot of plat and bought gear in the Bazaar
	(a "bazaar twink") or a higher-level character, usually belonging
	to the same player, has supplied hand-me-downs ("twinked" it)
main
	the highest level character a player has, or the one he plays
	most often (frequently these are the same thing, of course)
alt
	other characters of the same player (i.e., other than the "main")
toon
	character (short for "cartoon"); some people dislike the term
loc?
	"what's your location?" (type /loc and report the numbers)
DPS
	damage per second, i.e. how fast is a mob being smacked down
LDON
	the Lost Dungeons of Norrath expansion, often used to refer to
	going on an "adventure" into one of the dungeons in that expansion
PoK
	Place of Knowledge, a popular gathering spot because it is easy
	to reach from so many places; many other zones also have common
	abbreviations, but they're too plentiful to list here
lull / pacify
	a spell or skill that prevents one or more mobs from aggroing on you
	while you drag off one of their friends
FD, feign
	feign death, a skill/spell used by monks/necros/shadowknights
FOM, LOM, OOM
	full of mana, low on mana, out of mana
GM
	either an NPC guildmaster, or a character run by a SOE representative
inc / incoming
	the puller's report of what's being brought; a puller should have a
	hotkey for "/g incoming %T", or something more colorful but to the
	same point:  "/g %T followed me home, can I keep %o?"
RL, IRL
	real life, in real life
Kite
	to get a mob to run after you, either for crowd control (keeping
	it busy while the group kills something else) or so something or
	someone else can kill it while it chases you; sometimes refers to
	getting the mob to flee from you (fear-kiting)
mem
	memorize one or more spells
mez
	mesmerize, the enchanter's specialty, and really annoying when a
	mob does it to you
epic
	the reward at the end of a particularly long quest; each class has
	available a different set of epic quests unique to that class
No Drop
	an object that cannot be dropped, traded or sold; if you place
	a No Drop item inside a container, the container becomes No Drop
	until the item is removed (a frequent source of confusion)
No Rent
	an item that will go away 30 minutes after the bearer logs out
	(if it's a container, everything inside goes away too, so beware!)
Lore
	an item that no character can have more than one of (but if it's
	droppable -- i.e., not No Drop -- there can be one in your shared
	bank as well)
PL
	power level, usually by having a high level character provide
	buffs, healing and other aid to accelerate a low level's progress
runner
	a mob that's trying to run away from you, especially if there's
	a risk it'll attract the attention of some friends
warp
	sudden change of location, particularly referring to a mob that
	gets stuck trying to chase you and suddenly appears in your face
LFG
	looking for a group
LFA
	looking for an LDON adventure
med / medding
	meditating, when a caster sits to regain mana faster
rampage
	a special extra attack some high level mobs get that attacks someone
	other than their current target (sometimes an AE vs multiple targets)
flurry
	two extra attacks on a mob's current target, an ability of some mobs

Commonly requested spells

In crowded places (especially PoK) you'll often hear people asking for buffs
and other spells.  Here are some of the most common ones:

KEI
	Koadic's Endless Intellect: adds INT, WIS, and mana regen, but
        the target has to be level 45 or higher
Clarity
	adds mana regen, not as much as KEI but it can be cast on
        characters of any level (and can be learned at lower levels, too)
C1, C2
	C1 is Clarity; C2 is Clarity II, which gives a bit more mana
        regen but only works on characters level 41 or higher
SOW
	Spirit of the Wolf, increases your running speed
Temp
	Temperance, adds a lot of HP and AC
V
	Virtue, adds even more HP/AC, but works only on levels 46 and up
HOV
	Hand of Virtue, group version of Virtue for levels 47 and up
Kitty Crack
	Spiritual Light, a beastlord spell that gives HP and mana regen
	to an entire group
Port
	Transport: druids and wizards can transport other characters to many
        locations, so you may see someone asking for a "port to Iceclad" or
	other similar requests
rez
	resurrection, a spell that restores you to wherever your corpse
	is and (at higher levels of the spell) returns some fraction of the
	experience lost when you died

Here are some other spells that come up often in discussions, especially of
raid tactics:

CH
	Complete Heal (which heals 7500 hp but takes 10 seconds to cast)
COTH
	Call of the Hero: a magician spell that transports a groupmate to
	the mage from anywhere else in the same zone

Roles in a group

These terms are described in more detail in the discussion on grouping, at
http://www.icynic.com/~don/EQ/grouping101.htm.

Puller
	The person who goes out and gets mobs (hopefully in manageable
	numbers) to follow him back to the group to be killed
MA
	Main Assist, the person that tells everyone else what to kill
MT
	Main Tank, the person whom you try and get a mob to hit
ST
	Secondary Tank, backup for MT if stuff happens
SA
	Secondary Assist, backup for MA if MA goes down or MA misses something
CC
	Crowd Control, keeping extra mobs busy (rooted, mezzed, chasing
	someone around, whatever) while the group focuses on the MA's target
OT
	Off Tank, person who is tanking a mob that the main force is not
	trying to kill at the moment; off-tanking is a form of crowd control
ML
	Main Looter, the person who loots all cash and droppable items for
	later division (see question 3.24)

9.2  Q: What other abbreviations and jargon show up in the newsgroup?

Though these terms sometimes come up in game, they tend to be seen more
often in the newsgroup.

AC
	Asheron's Call, another online fantasy role-playing game
AGE
	alt.games.everquest
CIHYS
	Can I Have Your Stuff; made in response to an "I quit EQ" post
CoH
	City of Heroes, a super hero comic online role-playing game
EQ
	EverQuest (also called EQ Live or EQL, esp. to contract with EQ II)
EQII
	EverQuest II
MMORPG
	Massively Multi-player Online Role-Playing Game
NG
	News Group
OT
	Off Topic
PLONK
	Please Leave Our Newsgroup - Killfiled; a claim that your posts will
	be ignored from now on
PvE
	Player vs. Environment combat; i.e., you vs. the game
PvP
	Player vs. Player combat
RPG
	Role Playing Game
SOE
	Sony Online Entertainment, the people that bring us EQ
SWG
	Star Wars Galaxies, another MMORPG
UO
	Ultima Online, another MMORPG
WoW
	World of Warcraft, another MMORPG

10.  Useful Links

Official EQ home page:
  http://www.everquest.com
Official game FAQs:
  http://eqlive.station.sony.com/library/faqs/faq_index.jsp

For information on a wide range of topics including character creation,
quests, zones, maps, classes and equipment, check out:
* http://everquest.allakhazam.com/
* http://eq.castersrealm.com/
* http://lucy.allakhazam.com/
* http://www.everlore.com/
* http://pub57.ezboard.com/btheeverquestnewbiezone
  (The New Newbie Zone, with a great FAQ)

Maps:
* http://eqatlas.com/
* http://www.eqmaps.com
* http://www.eq-toolbox.com/ (In game maps)
About maps:  If you have the Legacy of Ykesha expansion it is a real good
idea to get all the maps from eq-toolbox and load them in your EverQuest
maps folder.  EverQuest is a HUGE game with over 200 zones; in game maps
help you to get around.  Here are a couple map tips:
* If you pull up the maps and can't see anything then zoom the map out by
  clicking on the "-" button near the upper right corner of the map.  You
  may have to click this button many times.  Alternately, if you have a mouse
  with a scroll wheel, you can hover your mouse pointer over the map and zoom
  the map in and out with the scroll wheel.  Also, turn off the height
  filter to make sure you're seeing all the lines on the map.
* If the map is hard to see because the lines are too light, right-click
  on the title bar of the map and change the "Alpha" (normal and faded)
  levels to lighten the background of the map.  This allows you to see the
  map and the screen behind it so it doesn't block your view.  This is why
  so many maps are drawn with grey lines.

EverQuest Terms Glossary:
  http://web.archive.org/web/20030604092025/http://amtgard.pinkpig.com/everquest/eqglossary.htm

Tradeskills:
  http://www.eqtraders.com (general)
  http://www.speakeasy.org/%7Edudley/ctg/ (tinkering)

Factions:
  http://eqbeastiary.allakhazam.com/factionlist.html
  http://tinyurl.com/3mgkl (Anezka's guide for Iksar)

Odds and Ends:
  http://home.stny.rr.com/jazzmanian/wedding.html (the Wedding FAQ)
  http://eqforums.station.sony.com/eq (more Sony forums)
  http://tinyurl.com/269yf (a grouping FAQ by John M. Clancy)
  http://cloud.prohosting.com/~talone/HasteData.htm (Compendium of Haste)
  http://www.cardplace.com/eq/ldon/list.cgi (LDoN Merchant Sorting Script)
  http://www.phantomraiders.org/members/data/ldonvendor.htm (LDoN items)
  http://www.eqzoneviewer.com/ (EQ Zone Viewer)
  http://www.foxeye-art.com/ (AGE member art site with some EQ-related art)
  http://www.worstofeq.com/ (complain and read about Norrath's Bad Apples)

For specific class information:

Bard:
  http://www.eqdiva.com/
Beastlord:
  http://www.beastlords.org/
  http://www.eqbeastlord.com/portal/
Berserker:
  http://www.berserker.org/
  http://www.eqberserker.com/portal/
  http://www.goberserker.com/forums/index.php?
Cleric:
  http://eqcleric.gameglow.com/
  http://membres.lycos.fr/niphreedil/aa.htm (Cleric Alternate Abilities)
Druid:
  http://www.eqdruids.com/
Enchanter:
  http://www.therunes.net
Magician:
  http://www.magecompendium.com/
Monk:
  http://www.monkly-business.com/
Necromancer:
  http://necro.eqclasses.com/forum/default.asp
  http://www.necrotalk.com/
Paladin:
  http://pub148.ezboard.com/bpaladinsofnorrath
Ranger:
  http://www.eqrangers.com/
  http://forums.interealms.com/ranger/
Rogue:
  http://www.thesafehouse.org/
Shadowknight:
  http://www.shadowknight.org/
Shaman:
  http://forums.interealms.com/shaman/
  http://www.eqshaman.com
Warrior:
  http://www.thesteelwarrior.org/
Wizard:
  http://www.graffe.com/

For the latest posts from the game designers, visit:
  http://eqlive.station.sony.com/
  http://eqlive.station.sony.com/lowsrc/community/dev_view.jsp
  http://eq.castersrealm.com/

For a log file parser and .ini editor:
  http://www.cws.org/~pasketti/

For player equipment prices:
  http://www.eqprices.com/ has a list of prices for various items, but the
  information it gives is suspect for a few reasons.  For one, the going
  price on any particular item can vary a great deal from server to server.
  Also, prices often rise or fall over time given to inflation, deflation,
  and newer, better items becoming more common.  Another problem with this
  site is that the prices are given by the player base, many of whom may be
  reporting the asking prices for items they were selling, instead of the
  prices that people were actually willing to pay.

For where to hunt at a particular level/class/race (see section 3.13):
  http://www.eqatlas.com/huntguidelevel.html
  http://everquest.allakhazam.com/zones/Level_Chart.html

Server Community Forums

There are offical community Forums at:
  http://eqforums.station.sony.com/eq?category.id=servers

Many servers also have unofficial forums, though in many cases they can be
more active than the offical ones.  Here are links to several:

Antonius Bayle
	http://www.antonius-bayle.org/forum/
Ayonae Ro
	http://pub142.ezboard.com/bayonaero
Bertoxxulous
	http://www.berthall.com/forums/
Brell Serilis
	http://www.brellrants.net/brell/
Bristlebane
	http://www.bristlebane.com/forum/
Cazic Thule
	http://cazic-thule.net/forums/index.php
Drinal
	http://pub40.ezboard.com/bdrinal28133
Druzzil Ro (need registration to see)
	http://www.druzzilro.com/board/vbindex.php
E'ci
	http://eci.ofasoft.com/
Erollisi Marr
	http://www.erollisimarr.com/forum/
Fennin Ro
	http://pub247.ezboard.com/ffenninrochroniclesfrm8
Firiona Vie
	http://pub94.ezboard.com/bfirionavie
Innoruuk
	http://pub142.ezboard.com/binnoruukserver
Kane Bayle
	http://pub34.ezboard.com/bkanebayleforums
Karana 
	http://pub76.ezboard.com/bkarana89215
Lanys T'vyl
	http://pub130.ezboard.com/beqasylum
Luclin
	http://pub106.ezboard.com/bluclin71335
Mithaniel Marr
	http://www.mmdn.org/HOME/modules.php?op=modload&name=PNphpBB2&file=index
Morrell Thule
	http://pub169.ezboard.com/bmtboards
Morden Rasp
	http://pub119.ezboard.com/bmordenrasp80173
Povar
	http://pub23.ezboard.com/bpovarservermessageboard
Prexus
	http://pub140.ezboard.com/bprexus81531
Quellious
	http://pub54.ezboard.com/bquelliousquaterstherebirth
Rallos Zek
	http://www.ralloszek.net/ubbthreads/ubbthreads.php?Cat=0
Rodcet Nife:
	http://vnboards.ign.com/board.asp?brd=5024
Saryrn
	http://pub40.ezboard.com/bthesaryrntavern
Solusek Ro (must register to access)
	http://www.solusekro.com/eq/news.asp
Stormhammer (Legends)
	http://www.stormhammer.org/forums/
Tallon Zek
	http://pub148.ezboard.com/btallonzektimes4735
Terris Thule
	http://pub19.ezboard.com/bterristhuleserverboard
Test Server
	http://www.l33tgeek.com/testserver/index.php
The Nameless
	http://www.namelesstavern.org/phpBB2/index.php
The Rathe
	http://pub6.ezboard.com/btherathetravelagency
The Seventh Hammer
	http://pub148.ezboard.com/b7thhammer
The Tribunal
	http://pub101.ezboard.com/bthetribunaldotorg
Tholuxe Paells
	http://pub222.ezboard.com/bsacredomen
Torvonnilous
	http://pub173.ezboard.com/btorvboard
Tunare
	http://pub13.ezboard.com/btunare
Vallon Zek (must register)
	http://pwned.inf7.net
Vazaelle
	http://pub41.ezboard.com/bvazaellecommunitycenter
Veeshan
	http://veeshanvault.org/forums/
Venril Sathir 
	http://www.venrilsathir.com
Xev:
	http://pub228.ezboard.com/bxevserverboards
Zebuxoruk
	http://www.zebuxoruk.com/phpbb/

EverQuest II Links:
  http://everquest2.station.sony.com/  (Official Website)
  http://eqiiforums.station.sony.com/eq2  (Official Forums)
  http://www.eqlounge.com/
  http://www.eqii.com/phpbb/index.php  (esp. check out the Moorgard index)

11.  Comical Links and More

EverQuest Comics:
  http://69.57.151.222/index.html  (WTF Comics)
  http://www.gucomics.com/  (Woody's GU Comics)
  http://www.ne.jp/asahi/robin/zander/translationmainframe.htm
    (Under the Sky of Norrath)

EverQuest Parody Video:
  http://home.att.ne.jp/surf/mirage/agent_sinzan_2.html
    (Celestial Healing chain)

Sayonara Norrath (a long-time player's farewell video):
  http://home.att.ne.jp/surf/mirage/sayonara_norrath3.html

Funny EverQuest Stories & Stuff:
  http://ancarett.com/eqhumour.html  (well worth the trip)
  http://www.geocities.com/zinphandelchianti/burnedwoods.txt
    (more on the Burned Woods story)
  http://www.notacult.com/fansythefamous.htm  (Fansy the Famous Bard)
  http://pub148.ezboard.com/f7thhammerfrm24.showMessage?topicID=6.topic
    (Linvarwen, 7th Hammer's Favorite Son)
  http://www.somethingawful.com/eq/newbieguide/  (Funny Guide for Newbies)

Stories from the Top:
  http://www.geocities.com/Area51/Nebula/8828/monual/
    (The Fantastic Adventures of Monual)


