From -134046291303249149
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7e51d703aab9f4d3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-04-02 15:33:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!ken-transit.news.telstra.net!news.telstra.net!nsw.nnrp.telstra.net!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3E8B7459.DB7DDC64@woa.com.au>
From: Terry Collins <terryc@woa.com.au>
Organization: WOA Computer Services
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.77 [en] (X11; U; Linux 2.2.15 i686)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: TradeSkill advise requested.
References: <16sl8vko4t13ks99c2ces46vcsed57vqis@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 114
Date: Thu, 03 Apr 2003 09:38:01 +1000
NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.14.211.104
X-Complaints-To: abuse@telstra.net
X-Trace: nsw.nnrp.telstra.net 1049326401 203.14.211.104 (Thu, 03 Apr 2003 09:33:21 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 03 Apr 2003 09:33:21 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:275250

Skinner1@asbestos_underwear.com wrote:

...snip.....

> What I would like is to hear some of your thoughts on the skills. I'd
> like some input as to which ones seem to be the best for
> profitability, higher in demand, difficulty and whatever you feel
> might be on help in my decisions in which ones I try out first.

Tradeskills is something that I think is totally wrong in the game.

Profitability, forget it. You do tradeskills when you are bored and have
tons of pp (platinum pieces) to burn. Or, you want the armour or
something else.

I'll recommend http://www.eqtraders.com as a good place to start for
everything(?) on trade skills. Print it, sort it and read it repeatedly.

Choose a trade. Choose ONE and only ONE at a time (your bank storage
space will fill very quickly [1] -keep all bags, boxes, etc that you
loot for use in bank) Sort everything "creation" by trivial rating 
(skill level where it no longer advances you) and work on the lowest
first as they are the most likely to be successful.

I can strongly recommend working a bit of every trade skill at every
level, just the same way as you work 1H slash, 1H bash, Piercing and
Hand 2 hand.

Okay, say start with baking. As a newbie you are up to your arm pits in
batwings (basic, not giant, myotis, etc). Buy some frosting and make
batwing crunchies.Warning, that is one slot that is now taken up in your
bank (or box in bank) for a pile of frosting. Look also at rat ears, rat
meat, spiderling(?) eys, spider legs. Warning, do not exceed 1 box (8
slots) of baking related supplies.

I brought a mixing bowl (>1pp) but I wouldn't buy a spit(again), unless
you are going to be the group/raid cook {:-). A mixing bowl is mostly
useful for dough, so that means you are going to forage for eggs, Stock
"cup of flour" and milk in your mixing bowl and make dough as you find
eggs. Cookies!. Initially, Watch out for recipes that require other
things, like skewer, pot, cake tim etc, etc. you can make these parts
later.

The result is that after a baking session, 5 slots in one of my
backpacks, contains 5 lots of baked good and can last me about a week
(RL) of playing time. The 6th is water. 


For smithing, do not buy ore. Do not buy quality ore (MQ, HQ), just use
basic ore. Sell all quality ore until you are ready for it. Buy
sharpening stones and forage, loot rusty weapons[2]. turn rusty weapons
into tarnished weapons. turn tarnished weapons into basic ore. Get a
smithing chisel and reduce ore to metal pieces. Make a file, turn metal
pieces into studs.

Try tailoring. I recommend this as your second tradeskill and you can
make your own raw-hide armour, before, whilst doing your newbie quest
armour. Ruined pelts (wolf, cat & bear) make rawhide armour - you can
make your own. Just need loom (touch bottom RH side), pattern for piece
and ruined skin. I found there was a little profitability in converting
ruined skins to raw-hide armour, for a short while. Ruined skins
typically sell to merchants for only 9cp. The great loss is the pattern
at arounf 5s+.

If you are up to your armpits in spiderling and spider silk, make
thread, and make cord and use for bandage, or use with other ?Q skins
for tailored bags. Spider silk is used in silk armour, which sells
nicely, compared to raw hide.

After you have reached trivial on raw-hide armour, then look at smithing
to create studs.

Does any one know what you actually use a toolbox to make? I made a
couple of these as it uses bits on the road to studs.

Again, don't buy raw materials if you can hunt, scrounge, loot or trade
for them

Save on books, don't buy any in games. Read all you need on EQTraders.
Or buy them, transcribe them and sell.

Sell everything through your guide. all those 2cp extras slowly add up.


Generally I do not recommend buying anything if you can hunt or create
it, unless you have spare PP to burn. If you work through tradeskills as
much as you do other skills, then you will do it cheapest

At some stage, you will find yourself hunting out your guide newbies and
giving them your crafty creations. It is a good thing to do. {:-)



[1] picture one lvl26 bard drum crawling across half on Antonica because
weight it 165/84 and he has rusty weapons and ore bricks he wants to
play with in forge. Final result 4 studs and the %$^^$# studded pants
combine failed. 

[2] corpse looting is much maligned, but it brings in the pp, gives you
raw stock for tradeskilling and provides a valuable community service by
cleaning up the scenery. Lots of players just go to power level
characters, that they fund from another higher level character, so they
leave the scenery strewn with corpses full of lootable stuff.

> 
> Thanks in advance!!!

-- 
   Terry Collins {:-)}}} email: terryc at woa.com.au  www:
http://www.woa.com.au  
   Wombat Outdoor Adventures <Bicycles, Computers, GIS, Printing,
Publishing>

 "People without trees are like fish without clean water"


