From 5359807069985264207
X-Google-Thread: fb739,75c2fd651fa6616b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news2.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 30 Jul 2007 06:03:49 -0500
Date: Mon, 30 Jul 2007 07:03:39 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.12 (Windows/20070509)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Rathe Council, take one
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <y-udnRAKOfsIWDDbnZ2dnUVZ_oSnnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 77
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.60.193
X-Trace: sv3-miWKtnRkzSKe58lRKcZ4VOdDx8FoZKHxtIznGBUWPjyC/na6j5Qz1oZYr8C4RIQoskMpX2Vvja/nqBM!ZlI5SeTpGkKEBHeCQt7zl68NhVF75YfmgepEuTEmh5mbZ6OovacPAPq7FjeXt2sTO/+aqZrRXV9Q!KSFlZWXRPEw=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.35
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:463

Just tried this last night on Combine, in a guild thats in a mix of gear 
ranging from NToV to DON Crystal. We're limited to a top level of 70 so 
far, and haven't had the long periods of farming that previous servers 
had that were at this point... tanks are lucky to push 10K hp and 2K AC.

Here's the drill: 12 mobs standing in the center of a large room.  Half 
can be mezzed, the other half cannot.  In order to spawn the Avatar of 
Earth, all must be killed with some incredible amount of time, 6 minutes 
I think it is.

The strategy, as we understood it, is to first pull each of the mezzable 
mobs, get it down to low HP without DoTs, then mez it and repeat till 
all mezzables are locked down.  Then go out and pull all the other mobs 
and work them down to low HP more or less simultaneously with a group 
for each.  We didn't have enough shaman to slow 6 mobs, and the bards 
and enchanters were all on mez duty, so we'd position the 3 shaman we 
did have such that each could reach two mobs.

As you might expect, no plan survives contact with the enemy.

When we pulled the first of the mezzable mobs, we got a real wake up 
call, he chewed thru several warriors before we got him locked down and 
sufficient heal stream going on; finally a 70 Sk with his 1.5 epic got 
aggro (easy enough once everyone with low HP aggro died) and held on for 
dear life, running Soul Guard and getting down to 10% hp repeatedly.

Hitting for up to 2800, quadding, plus a 200 a tic AE DOT and 1000 AD 
DD, these guys are mean mean mean. We took him down to around 20 % and 
called off the DPS,which was a little sloppy, we didn't get it landed 
till 18%. After some discussion and rezzing of the dead, we woke him up 
and took him down to 8%, remezzed.

Pulling the rest of the mezzable 6 was rough, we lost pullers right and 
left, because the mobs would mass AE the puller. Snared mobs would split 
nicely once the puller was dead, though. Sacrificial Ranger plan.

Using warriors going defensive, we managed to get the mezables down to 
under 10% much more easily now that we were prepared, this meant 
switching MT back and forth so the disc had time to refresh. Reports 
were that when low HP they didn't hit so hard. Some testing indicated 
that "low HP" meant somewhere south of 5% HP.

Plan changed.  Now we were going, as a raid force, to pull each of the 
non mezzables one at a time, reduce it down to very very low HP (the 
point where they stop hitting so hard, target of 3 or 4%) and then leave 
a tank and cleric only (we'd planned to leave a full group) on each.

While we were rebuffing before heading out to get the unmezzables under 
control, we got another surprise. Mez broke on one of the mobs, and it 
banished the enchanter who was on it. Luckily, not far away, but this 
meant getting the mob back under control was a scramble. This happened a 
couple more times as we tried to get the rest of the job done; mez team 
must remain very tight and ready to patch mez each other's targets.

We moved over to the island, and eventually pulled one of the non 
mezzables. Got him down to under 5%, then set an SK on him, with a 
cleric all his own, and a shaman he'd have to share to keep the mob 
slowed. Rezzed up and rebuffed (yeah, I didn't mention it but we were 
still taking losses getting pulls and getting the mob under control) we 
got another pull inbound... when it pathed funny and ate the TM SK.

Facing two RC at once we had a very hard time, but managed to get them 
split up and the nearly dead one dragged aside. We were working on the 
second when we noticed the first was dying. TM had no weapons, took 
gloves off, still mob dying. We think someone dotted it in the panic, 
not sure. Nothing we could do but watch it die.

Event pretty much blown, we tried taking out the remaining mobs in the 
short time available, but wiped on them... would have been better of 
course to just TL out, but we aren't that kind of guild.


First try, next time we'll be armed with better info and ready for whats 
coming up, I think we'll beat this segment of the fight with just a 
little better plan for parking the TM'd mobs and pulling the next. This 
encounter is our final barrier to the Plane of Time, so there's no doubt 
we'll keep at it till its beaten, one way or another.


