From 8802121701215105867
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,32de65cf253a55f1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-04-27 00:12:01 PST
Path: newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.cwix.com!intgwpad.nntp.telstra.net!news-server.bigpond.net.au!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3AE91BC2.4AFF9BAB@here.now>
From: Mutahq <too_stoned@here.now>
Organization: Zero-tolerance...err does that mean no more conez?
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (Win98; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Questions for you PvP players
References: <a0lgetkl7jltdik4hhb6jmnsilbk942anl@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 145
Date: Fri, 27 Apr 2001 07:11:59 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.45.143.107
X-Complaints-To: news@bigpond.net.au
X-Trace: news-server.bigpond.net.au 988355519 203.45.143.107 (Fri, 27 Apr 2001 17:11:59 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 27 Apr 2001 17:11:59 EST
Xref: newsfeed.google.com alt.games.everquest:70144



"Bat Child (Sue M.)" wrote:
> 
> I personally don't have any desire to be a PvP player, but I do have a
> few questions for you folks that play PvP:

Ok.

> What attracted you to make you decide to become a PvP player?

Wanted to kill other people, not computer controlled beasties. I can
kill npc's in many other games without paying for a net connection and a
subscription to a game.

> What strategies do you use that are different than what a non-PvP'er
> uses, besides the ones that I know of about banking most of your money
> and keeping your loot in backpacks?

Resist gear. If you keep all your gear in bags you will die a lot, get
very frustrated, and turn into a whiner. Many people on RZ (where I
play) have extended this theory to wearing only nodrop gear, hence
getting the benefits of basically second-rate pvp gear without losing
anything.

Personally I never bag and I very, very rarely die. I did die a few days
ago....I was lagging and died to a green mob. Looted corpse, stood up,
got hit by ice comet (it did like 141dmg), my gate collapsed (gah!) got
hit by draught of fire, then about 3-4 conflags from a conflag wand (no
casttime on that wand...so its instant damage as fast as you can click
the wands charges off). I was unbuffed, and I died, and I lost a 3kpp
ring. Yes it annoys me but the fun of most pvp battles outweighs the
disappointing aspects imo.

> I would think that there would be a lot fewer twinks on a PvP server,
> seeing that a twinked player could easily lose their stuff; is this
> true, or are there about the same number of twinks as there are on
> non-PvP servers?

Personally I havent spent much time on blue servers, they dont really
interest me. The twink population of RZ seems to focus on 3 groups.

1. Delevelers. These are people who level up to 20, or 40, then exp-loss
their character down to low levels. They keep the same skills (these are
almost always melees), so their 1hs or whatever is still at 150 or 175
yet they are level 12, same for defence and all the others.

2. People who can PvP. They can Pvp and are confident enough to wear
valuable pvp gear and not lose it.

3. Good pk's. A lot of these arent actually twinked, but spend a lot of
time pk'ing twinks at certain levels. Theres a few level 12 wizards who
hang out in ec who have basically decked themselves out with really nice
gear that they get off twinks/delevelers. A lot of people mistake these
people for twinks, when they arent.

> What is a "Care Bear server" (I've heard that phrase used often)?

A non-pvp server.

> When I /con a player on my non-PvP server, I get the "indifferent"
> message; it would make sense to me that /conning a PvP player would
> get the "scowling/ready to attack" message; is this correct?

No everyone is indifferent, at least on Rallos. Just don't believe it :p

> Is it true that PvP players actually have better game manners than
> non-PvP players (the theory being that a PvP'er who goes around
> KS'ing, ninja-looting, etc. risks getting their head handed to them on
> a platter so therefore is less likely to engage in that type of
> behavior)?

Not in particular. At lower levels the immaturity level is VERY high.
Also another thing is that the server is primarily "blue". What I mean
is that most people dont really want PvP the way RZ was designed. If you
kill someone, you will most likely get caught in a torrent of angry
tells. It can get quite nasty in those tells too.

> How does an Iksar become a PvP player since there is no POD in Cabilis
> (at least none that I know of)?  I'm guessing they have to do faction
> work and then go to another city and then turn in their book to the
> POD there?

The PoD serves no real purpose on Rallos Zek. You are born red.

> What are the better races/classes for playing PvP?  Worse
> races/classes?

What do you mean?

If you want to gank people, wizard or druid. If you want to PvP in a
somewhat more organized sense (ie not straight up ganking, say for
example your guild is at war with another guild or something similar),
then I would recommend Enchanters, necromancers, mages, wizards or
druids.

If you are interested primarily in guild vs guild pvp, melees arent too
bad provided you can get decent gear.

Clerics and bards are pretty much a non-event in PvP. At high levels you
wont be killing any bards unless you have a decent chanter, someone to
time pumices, and some major damage casters (druid/wizard/mage).
Clerics...well...good luck outhealing them.

> Do you PvP players have other non-PvP characters that you also play or
> do you exclusively play PvP?  

Exclusively PvP.

> What things do you like in PvP that you
> miss in non-PvP playing?  

Killing people and looting their items.

> What things do you dislike in PvP that you
> don't have to deal with in non-PvP (besides the obvious)?

Blue servers offer safety. LOTS of safety. On rz, you are never really
safe anywhere. There are no traders at the tunnel in EC, 99% of the
population is in /anon mode all the time.

If you tp yourself to gfay on a blue server, you dont run the risk of
copping half a dozen lures,draughts and ice comets when you zone in. If
your low on health with a mob beating on you, and you yell for help, you
dont just have to worry about the person simply not helping you....they
could well help themselves to your gear AND kill your mob for exp.

I love the PvP orientation, but it does make it hard to play alt's at
times. I currently play 3 characters, a lvl54 necromancer pk, a lvl24
wizard pk, and a lvl15 sk that is not a pk. The sk is just harder to
play, you cant just sit down and med, you have to go find a somewhat
safe place. When you are low on health you have to really watch out for
potential threats.

Of course none of that applies to most of Rallos Zek's population. They
seem content to run around with 25kpp worth of droppable gear in
unlootable slots (melee/ranged), and nothing but planar/velious nodrop
in their lootable slots.

It is kind of sad to attack someone and instead of them putting up a
fight, or even running, they just sit there and go "kill me ive got
nothing to lose". In the 50+ game, around 5-10% of players wear lootable
gear. Its kind of funny killing a level 57 caster and seeing on their
corpse - 8 backpacks, a gbs, an ors, students homework, and 4 peices of
carmine, with nothing in the remaining what...15 slots?


