From 4768198555238273465
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8d38a750ad02956
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-12 08:35:37 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!tethys.csu.net!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews3
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: From Upcoming for EverQuest
Date: Mon, 12 May 2003 10:15:35 -0500
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 77
Message-ID: <b9odqf025pu@enews3.newsguy.com>
References: <Xns93776AE5BE667RumbledorHotMailcom@204.127.204.17>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-051.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:281817

> Someone correct me if I'm wrong here, but if a guild
> is committed to getting all of their members flagged
> for these planes, isn't it just a matter of members
> (flagged and otherwise) putting the time into it? It
> appears to me that this is just catering to the guilds
> where the members cannot be bothered to help out
> guildmates.

Forgive me if this stuff has been harped on before... I only check
newsgroups during the weekday (when I'm at work, natch) and only skimmed the
other responses.

I think the problem isn't that this caters towards guilds that can't be
bothered to help out their guildmates.  I think this is geared towards
allowing lower-tier guilds from being run over my higher-tier guilds.

For example, Terris Thule is on a 3-day timer, I believe.  Let us assume
Guild_01 decides to take TT down on a Saturday, when most of their
membership is online and available for raiding.  Imagine their dismay when
they log on only to find that UberGuild_02 took down Terris Thule on Friday
in order to flag some recruits - and worse, let the loot rot because no one
wanted it.

It goes beyond that.  I belong to a large guild that's just moved into the
Elemental planes.  A lot of our "everyday" members are flagged.  But there
are some people who do not play every day but do play often enough to be a
member of our guild.  We have a terrible time trying to keep them all
flagged.  If Member_01 needs Vallon Zek still, and we raid on Wednesday and
kill VZ to get Member_01 flagged, Member_02 and Member_03 who also need VZ
aren't able to raid that day and thus don't get flagged.  So that means we
have to try to raid VZ another day to get Member_02 and Member_03 flagged.
Multiple this problem fby Member_04 through Member_20, and multiply that by
the number of flag-giving mobs (Grummus, Caprin, Bertox, Agnarr, Halls of
Honor Trials, Mith Marr, Bastion of Thunder keys, Vallon Zek, Tallon Zek,
Rallos Zek the Warlord, the five Tower of Solusek Ro mini-bosses, Solusek Ro
himself) and you begin to get an idea of what a hell it can be to have a
large guild get all its members flagged when not all of its members can raid
every day.

If UberGuild_02 spends all its time killing old flag bosses to get everyone
flagged, then it takes loot-giving mobs away from lower-tier guilds and
alienates its own membership that is impatient and wants to kill mobs in the
Elemental planes.

So this change is going to be quite welcome by the higher-end guilds, who
will find the number of mobs they have to farm for flags greatly reduced.
It's not that those guilds don't care about their members; it's just that
there are too many mobs requiring too many flags for any guild to be able to
keep up with while still progressing in the Elemental planes.

> Additionally, what's up with the "reward" for those that
> have gotten their flags?

Well, it's kind of annoying to have spent all that time and effort to have
gone through PoJ trials and then farmed giants in the PoS for hours in order
to get a key to the Bastion of Thunder, only to find that suddenly all the
effort is meaningless now that anyone who wants to can get in to BoT.
Giving those people who *did* have to go through all that effort some reward
for their efforts will make those people feel a little less like their time
was wasted.  I think it would be nice to give some AA points based on the
number of old, unnecessary flags you have, as acknowledgment for the XP you
could have gotten while you were spending time getting flagged.

Hope that clears it up for you, Rumble.  You may not agree that it's the
right thing to do, but I hope you understand why most guilds think this is a
good thing - and that they're not uncaring snobs.  =)


-- 
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Archon of Rodcet Nife
Winter's Light
Drinal server




