From -7689965498959525893
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,64c95a975d591a70,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-09-03 22:07:52 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!newsfeed2.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!easynews-local!news.easynews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Shock <somebody@nospam.org>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: * EQ Friendships, Real Life Friendships, or a Combination
Message-ID: <22gdlvoprbut5s8q3c1ts5ntmh0vhne6cn@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.93/32.576 English (American)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 51
X-Complaints-To: abuse@easynews.com
Organization: EasyNews, UseNet made Easy!
X-Complaints-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
Date: Thu, 04 Sep 2003 05:07:52 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:298925

I know that most of the questions asked in this thread is about
character classes, how things work in the game and so forth.
Well...that and a lot of venting.  lol

Instead, I wanted to ask everyone about the social aspect of EQ.  Most
of us have in-game buddies that we group with and interact with from
time to time...either in guilds or certain cliques..but these people
have no bearing on our everyday lives. We only see them when we log on
to the internet.   Most of the time, you may group with several people
in a day and never see them again.  That's just the way the game
works.

However, over the course of time, certain situations present itself
where you meet someone in some form or fashion, some bonding takes
place and you both agree to become friends outside of the game.
Instead of calling each other by your character name, you are now on a
first name basis and know more about each other's lives than the
regular EQ player.  You may email each other, talk on the phone or
even be asked to visit the other person.  

Without giving personal details, I'm sure many people would like to
hear some stories...whether good or bad.  Hopefully more good than
bad. That is the basis behind these questions:  


Would you even consider the option of personally knowing someone in
EQ?  Why or why not?

Have you ever met anyone in EQ that you later became good friends with
in real life?   How did that turn out and why? 

Have you ever met anyone in person at an EQ Fan Faire or elsewhere and
then established a lasting friendship both inside and outside the
game?    How did that turn out and why?

Finally,  did any of these friendships fill a missing need or void in
your life or was simply a bonus contributed to both of you enjoying
the great game of EQ?






 





"If I were to get to heaven, I would probably find an exhausted guardian angel who had been getting me out of trouble all these years."


