From 3394452161872104021
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1d0b470608f8cc17,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-05-31 07:08:06 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sunqbc.risq.qc.ca!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.232.MISMATCH!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3CF78169.52EBAB9E@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Bard Charm tips?
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 126
Date: Fri, 31 May 2002 13:58:16 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.188
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1022853496 66.109.232.188 (Fri, 31 May 2002 09:58:16 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 31 May 2002 09:58:16 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:199659

So my bardling finally got up to 27 and the long awaited Charm... now
I need to learn how to use it.

Its use as a single target Mez is obvious, although I'm about to get
a real single target mez (pixie strike, level 28)

But attempting to get actual use out of my pets is a lot more difficult.

Like most bard songs, this seems to have a max duration of 3 ticks.
This means that when I stop targetting my pet to pick his target, I
need to quickly tell him to attack, then switch back to him to keep
him charmed.  It also seems to break early with some frequency,
so I can't really swap back and forth between targets, or slap any
melee damage of my own on the victim

My pet attack hotkey isn't working for some reason (started a
thread on that above) so I need to type it in by hand, sloppy.

I also can't time things well enough to be sure of not attempting to
charm the target instead of keeping charm on my planned pet.

And I may be having trouble with charm not cycling if I keep it
on while swapping targets on and back.

Some ideas:
Sing AOE damage/debuff songs and get in close enough
that they hit the target.

use assist hotkey to rapidly check on the target's HP versus that
of my pet... and if my pet is losing, switch pets.

Use proximity aggro and rely on enchanter style pet command
(which is to say none at all) so I don't have to swap targets and
command attack.

Turn -off- charm, swap targets, command attack, swap back,
turn charm back on.  (clumsy but this sort of thing seems to
be par for the course for bards)

Do my Group buffs hit my pet?  I don't think they do, I know
my cleric group buff spells don't hit pets in the group nor do
cleric group heals... If they do, then I can significantly boost
pet performance just like I can for party members.

How do I get mobs off of me and on to my pet?  Half the point
here is to end the fight with a mostly dead pet I can drop charm
on and finish off, two kills for the effort of one.  When I grab
a target and then go find a pet for myself, it can be tricky getting
the mob to pay the slightest attention to the pet.

How do I get mobs on me and off my pet?  I've seen bards Hate
Kite, dragging a mob around with their pet beating on its back..
didn't occur to me how hard this might be... but when I get a
pet and then go find a mob, it seems the mob stays on the pet
if I send it in first.  Since I'm playing around with the wimpy
pet idea, this means dead pet and me having to go back to killing
on my own.

In a group, I can charm an add, send it in, and play group buffs
while twisting the charm in to the cycle.  Possibly I can even
charm a first add  and get it on a second add so as to "mez"
two at once.  Here its certainly going to be crucial that I can keep
the target aggro on my pet.

Another stunt I tried with limited success was to battle a mob
down in a losing battle, where I'm dropping HP faster than
it is, then charm it and twist heal for a while till I'm back up
on top, drop charm and go again.  Trouble being at the moment
that the mobs that are outdamaging me are also relatively
hard to stick charm to reliably... and I'm standing there with
a lute in hand when it does.

Charm seems to  work as a complete mem wipe, so if I'm
partnered and my buddy is getting into real trouble, popping
a charm in gets the mob off her... and when it breaks, keeps
it off her and onto me, since my charm is the only thing the
mob remembers.

I've seen people use charm to do quests, charmed mobs
are indifferent to everyone... so as long as higher than
indiff faction isn't needed they can get the job done.  Once
charm breaks, though, I'm suddenly on the aggro list even
if I was Ally before, right?

Whats the best way to ditch a charmed mob I don't want?
Do /pet sit down or /pet guard here work?  how about
the old classic /pet get lost?  Send a pet to attack something
thats in the opposite direction of where I'm heading?  How
about invis... if I go to clouding, does this break charm and
take me off the list (very doubtful but wouldn't that be nice)

Charisma.  Mine sucks at the moment, at around 100.  What
exactly effect does charisma have?  More sticks?  Fewer
breaks?  Are there any songs other than charm line where I
will care about Cha?

Instruments:  charm song is wind based.. what does holding
a flute in hand do when casting charm?  More sticks?  Fewer
breaks?

Resists:  is charm magic based?  Would reducing MR of
the mob help out there?  I could pixie strike (well can
in a level) prior to initial charm if thats the case, but then
the strike is going to wear off shortly.    Another thought
would be to get that Journeyman's Walking Stick to proc
before charming... what level does that thing start working,
anyway????

How about a bestiary of good charm targets.  Mobs that
don't resist much, and do have high HP and damage
output.  I recall for example that rhino's in EW made very
nice druid charm pets, capable of taking down several
orcs in a row before eventually becoming the next thing
to kill.

Hmm, and anything else about charm in general or
bard charm specifically that I don't know enough about
to even ask.

Llryic
27 Vah Shir bard, Morell Thule







