From -8269758212860371096
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f4f34bb38f56b122
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-09-26 17:12:47 PST
Path: news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!newsfeed.telus.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <d06336c0.0309261009.7d8bdbc0@posting.google.com>
Subject: Re: Why Guilds HATE LDoN and my personal thoughts on LDoN
Lines: 277
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <2C4db.27579$H86.480158@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Sat, 27 Sep 2003 00:12:46 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 1064621566 216.232.78.121 (Fri, 26 Sep 2003 18:12:46 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 26 Sep 2003 18:12:46 MDT
Xref: news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:304407


    Let's assume for the moment this isn't a troll, but rather the actual
beliefs of Ted.

"Ted D." <mainrain_1@juno.com> wrote in message
news:d06336c0.0309261009.7d8bdbc0@posting.google.com...
>
> Well well well, Sony has finally released an expansion with teeth to
> it.  This has not occured, IMHO, since the Kunark expansion!  What I
> am seeing from other players and my own personal opinion is that
> guilds don't matter the way they used to pre-LDoN.

    Guilds matter just as much as they ever did. Reasons below.

> 1)The items purchased at LDoN camps rival and eclipse Vex Thal drops!

    Congrats on loot that is two expansions old. Oh, wait - you won't even
get stuff that good. More below.

> No more having to join the top guilds to get the top drops.  Only the
> Plane of Time offers better drops, and they are VERY hard to achieve.

    Actually, elemental planes loot, tier III planar loot, LDoN raid loot,
some tier II planar loot, and various other loots in random places
(including some VT loot) put this stuff to shame. And if you're in a real
raid guild, you'll be getting that loot faster than if you play in LDoN.

> 2)In order to get Plane of Time drops, you have to be a fustrated out
> of work person who is playing EQ 8-10 hours everyday

    I work until 6 PM PST. My job, while not the job of a rich man, pays
well enough (senior managerial position). I have Time loot, which I obtained
with the guild I've been with for nearly two years. My play time has not
changed since I've been with this guild, and is actually in the top third of
my guild. You Are In Error.

> and be in a top
> tiered guild that WORKS to get the drops.  This means as soon as you
> log into EQ, you are DEMANDED to attended a guild raid somehow
> connected to PoTime.

    This much is true. If we are raiding, and we usually are, people who are
online are expected to attend. It's simply unfair to have some players take
the deaths and lose out on other opportunities in game to learn an
encounter, then have Joe Sunshine come floating in later for his loot. It
would be the same as someone AFK in your LDoN adventure until the time came
to roll on items.

> Very little personal character development.

    I have over 200 AA's because I am in a guild that could flag me for
zones where an AA takes 50 minutes to earn. I have almost 7100 HPs when raid
buffed, as a cleric, because of the gear I earned raiding. This is in
addition to the numerous twinks I have, all geared with items well beyond
what they should have. Boots of Bladecalling on a level 42 Magician is just
a wee bit overpowered. ;-) So what was that about character development,
again?

> Very litte relaxing fun ...

    This has a kernel of truth in it. We don't do much of the new content as
a guild, stuff like the new Inny or the dragon in Veksar, because we have no
use for what those mobs drop. So in that respect, we do miss out on some of
the "fun" in the game. But we make up for it in other areas. For example,
I've seen guild groups tear through LDoN adventures with ease, I've seen two
people (one two-boxing) kill Vindi for one of their twinks, I've seen a
single guild group kill Creator in Ssra for his tradeskill hammer. All very
relaxing and fun because of the gear we have which allows such things to
happen.

> 3)Most high end guilds are ran by assholes who care nothing about
> other people's time and money spent to play the game.  Everything is
> hurry up, we need that uber uber super uber item, chop chop ... don't
> go anon or you will be deguilded ... chop chop!

    I'd argue the opposite. By getting people to be prompt, they're showing
a great deal of consideration for the time of others. When one person goes
AFK and stalls a raid, they're wasting the time of 35 to 71 people. Now that
sounds inconsiderate to me. The anon thing must be a local phenomenon, as my
guild has no such rule against it. The only deguildings I can think of
happen monthly, when people that haven't been on for three or more months
and don't have a reasonable excuse for the hiatus are removed.

> 4)By playing LDoN you are guaranteed the item.  No more ass kissing
> and brown nosing the guild leaders/officers.

    If your guild has a DKP system (many do), no ass kissing is required.
You have the points, you get the item. Well, if it drops - that is a
distinct advantage of LDoN. No submitting yourself to the EQ random number
generator.

> You make 20-25 successful adventures in
> LDoN you WILL get that VT+ quality BP or Cloak.

    Har, if only. Let's look at this statement in greater detail.

    So you want a VT-quality BP, do you? Well, let's ignore robes (you did
say BP!) and actually look at breastplates. There's two plate BPs in Vex
Thal - Breastplate of Speed, and Great Shadow Platemail. The Great Shadow,
off the boss of VT, can't be matched by LDoN non-raid drops - it has 50 ATK.
So let's see what it takes to make a Breastplate of Speed: AC 60 Dodge +5%
DEX 15 STA 10 WIS/INT 8 AGI 15 HP 125 MANA 75 Effect: Fury of the Vah Shir
(+30 ATK, 40% haste).

    We'll use the point cost list at
http://pub146.ezboard.com/fthesafehousethebackroomsecretsspoilers.showMessage?topicID=13555.topic
and see what we can build. First off, we need the best possible plate class
BP:

    Royal Attendant Breastplate of the Sand: AC:69, Sta:13, Cha:11, Wis:10,
Int:10, HP:100, Mana:100, CR:12, MR:12, PR:12, type2, type2, type3.
    Cost: 1492.

    Ok, that covers the stats a bit. It's light on HPs and melee stats, but
it does have some resists and mana the BoS doesn't so we'll let that slide.
But we need the foci - 40% haste, a Dodge mod, and 30 ATK. What's out there?

    Type 3: Pristine Limestone of Hatred, Vengeance III (Worn),
WAR/PAL/RNG/SHD/MNK/BRD/ROG/BST 1150 points, Guk.
    Type 3: Eternal Ice of Avoidance, Worn Effect: Dodge +5% 150 points,
Miragul's.
    Type 3: Gravestone Fragment of Battle Mastery, Worn Effect: Aura of
Battle 1150 points, Mistmoore.
    Type 3: Translucent Ore of Courage, Worn Effect: Aura of Courage 760
points, Rujark.
    Type 3: Dull Sandstone of Ire, Worn Effect: Vengeance II 510 points,
Tak.

    But, those are all type III and our BP only has one type III slot on it.
Why didn't I list type II augments? Well, that would be because all type II
augments are stats - resists, attributes, HPs/MANA. I also didn't check if
any of these type III augments couldn't be worn on the chest slot. The one
haste augment available that even came close (36%) couldn't be, so I didn't
include it. So all the things that make the Breastplate of Speed good - the
melee foci - will be lacking on your BP. The closest we could come would
likely be with the Limestone of Hatred, an 1150 point Glowing Sapphire of
Courage from Tak, and an 1150 point Glowing Prizm of Brawling from Guk:

    AC 69 STA 18 DEX 5 CHA 11 WIS/INT 10 HP 160 MANA 100 CR/MR/PR 12 effect:
Vengeance III (15 ATK).

    So we don't get the haste (which is huge) and we don't get 15 ATK (which
is important) and we don't get a dodge mod (which is relatively minor). So,
um, how much did this thing cost? 1492 + 1150 + 1150 + 1150 = 4942 points.
Cool, how many adventures will that take? Well, assuming you complete Normal
difficulty adventures at level 65 (Hard is difficult even for people in full
elemental), you're looking at [4942/51] = 97 adventures to get this thing.
Assuming you have really awesome groups always, and are choosy with what
adventure you take, and never lose, you could finish an adventure in an
hour. So 97 hours. Over a month at 3 hours per day, every day. I raid about
that much, and if I didn't get at least one item better than this thing in
that time I'd be shocked. To really put this in perspective: the people at
position 100 on my server's leaderboard had 34 wins as of last night. In 17
days, they averaged 2 adventures per day. At that rate, you'd get that shiny
new BP in a month and a half, assuming you played as much as the 100th best
person on my server for wins. Using my enchanter to check how many people
have done at least one win in LDoN on my server, I find there's been about
4700 people with one win. So, if you can match the pace of the person
currently placing 100th out of 4700, you too can get loot worse than VT loot
in a month and a half!

    Your "20 to 25 adventures" will get people one thing: one of the three
augments they need to stick on a BP they don't have and won't have for some
time so it can almost be as good as something in Vex Thal.

> No more of this DKP
> crap and NEED BEFORE GREED SHIT (NGB is just another way of saying, 'I
> want that'.  Lets not kid ourselves).

    Need Before Greed is an XP group concept, like in LDoN adventures. You
won't encounter NBG on a raid.

> 5)I work for a living.  I am up at about 7am and home about 6pm,
> sometimes alot  later depending on the Oracle database or the Sun
> VR480 or the Veritas backups or the network going down or the ...  get
> the picture ... I WORK for a living.

    Congrats, here's a cookie. I bought it with the salary from my job,
which also can run late if the financial statements need to be prepared that
day, or if documents need to be prepared for DaimlerChrysler, or for many
other reasons. I somehow manage to raid, too. Imagine that!

> As a result, I can't be there for every guild raid, every epic
> attempt, every exp group.

    Nor can I. Yet somehow, I've managed to do OK:

    http://www.magelo.com/eq_view_profile.html?num=131561

    Here's a homework assignment for you: tell me how many years of
adventuring it would take to get a profile close to that using LDoN
adventures. If your answer is "two" or greater, raiding beats LDoN.

> Ok those are the main reasons I can think of. I have noticed more and
> more guilded players leaving guilds to play LDoN.

    Really? Good lord, why? This is hardly the fast lane to the uber
lifestyle and toys that some people think it is. My own guild is at an
all-time high in membership. I'd say the exact number, but Martin would
point at me and laugh :-/

> I have also noticed
> snubbing of LDoN and non-guilded players by the high end guilds; this
> is to be expected.

    Yes, it is. Not because they're so high and mighty, but because they
don't want their time wasted by some E-Bay piece of crap person that'll go
AFK in the first 15 seconds of the adventure and turn into a giant albatross
around their necks. Given the number of posts in this forum on the same
thing by people who aren't that far along the raiding tree, those "ubers"
aren't alone in that worry.

> Just think, a year ago, VT drops made you a "bad
> ass" ... not anymore.

    Well, "not anymore" because elemental and Time drops make VT stuff look
puny in comparison, not because of LDoN drops.

> Now the
> easy going, laid back individual can play at her own pace, and get the
> same quality stuff that was only accessable by the "uber people".

    If they know where the Fountain of Youth is, perhaps. Or if "uber
people" means folks who completed Velious, the expansion before the
expansion before the expansion before the previous expansion.

> I am unguilded, and see no reason to ever become guilded.

    We, the guilded, are very thankful you'll never be an applicant.

> Guilds are
> nothing more that a way for poor quality players to leech from those
> who know how to research, plan, and play the game.

    Apparently LDoN is a good place for people who can't research or plan,
as they think they can get VT-quality BPs there!

> Pick-up raids, GM
> events (Stormhammer), and friends have allowed me to attain epics,
> PoG, SS, TV, and other high end No Drops.  Guilds only screw-up the
> fun.

    Those are high end? Um, not any more. Players in my guild can kill most
of NToV with one group, and CotH their twinks in to loot. We had one guild
enchanter who used to solo HoT and sell multiquests of the SS armour. It's
nice stuff, depending on the piece, but it's hardly "high end".

> Just think, you click on the EQ icon to have fun, not to log in just
> to "goto work" for some guild.

    I think this might be the root of your problem. When you raid, you're
working for yourself. Just like how if you're in an XP group, you're working
for item drops even though most of them will go to other people in the
group, when you raid you're working for items for yourself. I'm sorry if
your last guild was so crummy that that didn't occur.

> Guilds come and go all the time.  We
> all know this, so why bother.

    There's a nice thread on this, actually.
http://www.fohguild.org/forums/showthread.php?s=e476eed4c7e4a2d1dce37f4b3e21a3ce&threadid=8969
From the responses, you begin to see that not a lot changes at the top of
the game. In the mid-range, I agree. Mid-range guilds form and collapse all
the time.

> Ok, if you agree with me fine.  If not, that is fine too.  This LDoN
> expansion is worth every penny I payed.  I recommend it to all you
> independant, self-thinking, self-leading EQ players.

    Especially if the independant, self-thinking, self-leading EQ players
have an absolute shitload of spare time. Because then they might actually
get to see some of these rewards before their great-grandchildren kick them
off the computer to load up Final Fantasy CXVI.

    James




