From 5024472570516204819
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,db429ec12cc24860,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-22 04:54:14 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Newbie Necro Stuff
Date: Mon, 22 Oct 2001 07:53:38 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3BD408C2.9F9DFD12@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 56
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:128299

At one point I went through and created several characters to try out
the different classes. The only ones I played to any serious level were
monk, wizard, and warrior. Lately I've been thinking that this winter I
want to try my necro I made for soloing purposes once in a while. I made
him totally untwinked (ok, he had enough money for all of his level one
and four spells, but that's it. Still wearing newbie robe, carrying
newbie dagger, etc.) And has only been played to level two. Just to make
it a really teeth-grinding challenge, I made him a human too. (Eeeek!) 
I have no real experience in soloable classes, nor pet classes, and had
some qeustions.

First of all, the faction thing. I'm a human necro worshipping Innoruk,
but somehow the FP Militia guards are ok with me (apprehensive). How
about the Knights of Truth in N. FP? Am I KOS there? I mean, I'll
eventually need a bank, and I assume I'm KOS in Nectulous, being human.
Where can I bank? Or is it just endless faction work (yet again) until I
can get into N. FP?

Also along the lines of faction, how do guards, particularly the FP
Militia, feel about necro pets? Will they attack my pet if I run near
the gate? And will I pick up the bad faction from my pet and be killed
also?

Weapons: Currently using the newbie dagger (piercing skill). Was going
to look for a cracked staff or something more "necro looking". (Scythe,
maybe? he he). Which weapons skill is most common for necro's to focus
on, if any, and how long does a necro usually keep meleeing?

That ties into this question... I realize that fighting in the newbie
field throwing a level one pet against level one or two bats and bugs
isn't much of an example to base things on, but do necros generally keep
on fighting alongside the pet through most of their career? Or do you
later usually just cast DOTs, etc. while the pet melees? I noticed that
we could take a yellow beetle together by melee, but if I tried to let
the pet solo it while I cast Disease Cloud and Lifetap, it killed the
pet and I had to finish it off myself.

Having never played a true solo character or pet class (no, the
untwinked wizard doesn't count) I know nothing of the strategy. I see I
get fear at level 4 and I understand that's a key factor. What are the
general lower level (say, pre-20) strategies? What spells that you get
at what levels really make a difference in your style and strategy to be
able to effectively hunt?

Am I really doomed to all outdoor zones only when soloing? Does any
necro ever survive alone in any of the good dungeons before they are
totally greened out?

So many questions..... so little prozac.
-- 
jaZZ md
(a.k.a. Exodilum, 2 Necro)
- - - -
"In large states public education will always be mediocre, for the same
reason that in large kitchens the cooking is usually bad. " 
-- Friedrich Nietzsche


