From 4299098688681520100
X-Google-Thread: fb739,206d0e614244d1cd,start
X-Google-Thread: 1efecb,206d0e614244d1cd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid1efecb,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.comcast.com!news.comcast.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 22 Oct 2004 16:28:24 -0500
From: James A. Donald <jamesd@echeque.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,alt.games.coh
Subject: For me, City of Heroes is more fun.
Date: Fri, 22 Oct 2004 14:28:32 -0700
Message-ID: <a7uin0pg2ahqe4d67d2jcm8a1u3651kvlk@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.92/32.572
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 90
NNTP-Posting-Host: 67.174.238.113
X-Trace: sv3-JbTmrOGNL27pPSrjbuni//zWLvEFLDenU7FgalTyl8OyWPRMpAYhlkKFRz1M8xmmYCwlER0f/vrGPEs!w48zAQjNXcNeeuKsBB8AX9Q8HrmdJ+8bKvyqw3h2GUeJmmoImI7jqFeuxqliaz1+D/tFFCz3ag==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.20
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:20381 alt.games.coh:5125

Everquest has more content - all the weird and wonderful items to loot
or make, the otherworldly mazes, each very different from the other,
the vast variety of quests, while City of heroes has only about six
different maze landscapes, and four different city scapes, depending
on what one counts as different.

But city of heroes has five huge advantages of everquest.

1.  

No camping.  In everquest the efficient way to level is to find a good
spot and kill the same lonely monster over and over and over and over
and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and
over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over
and overh and over and over and over and over and over and over and
over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over
and over and over.   Similarly with trade goods.

In city of heroes, gangs of enemy respawn as gangs, and the spawn rate
is so low there is no point in camping them.   You are always running
around full speed to get to the next gang of enemies and whack them.

2.  

Cool animations.  During your battles, you look like a superhero.  I
think the dark defender's mass resurrection in the midst of battle is
alone worth the price of admission.

3.  

A huge variety of animations.  Except for certain popular power sets,
one rarely encounters another hero with the same power set.  One meets
a few dark dark defenders, (cross between an EQ cleric and an EQ
necro, a healer that fights in the front lines two steps behind the
tanks with dark, short range damaging magic and a wonderful AE defense
buff) and few fire fire blasters. (equivalent to an EQ wizard), but
even two dark dark defenders will not look the same, or have quite the
same power set, and generally every hero's power set one encounters
seems unique.  

No two heroes have the same look or power set, though if someone looks
undead or returned from the grave, he probably has at least one and
probably two darkness power sets.   In Everquest, a necro looks much
like anyone else, and all necros look pretty much the same, but in
City of heroes, anyone returned from the grave looks unique, and
usually looks returned from the grave.

4.  

Your everquest avatar is hopeless nerd.  He is a man in a skirt, or a
cute little hobbit, and acts like it.  If he is a troll or an ogre, he
is comical rather than menacing.  In the beginning, he gets killed by
rats, bats, and spiders with depressing frequency.  Oothug, mighty
ogre, takes on a bat and loses.  Later, he creeps furtively around,
trying to get some unfortunate enemy on its own, preferably an enemy
several levels lower than himself.  Your city of heroes avatar starts
out mighty tough, and grows into a superhero.  While soloing, he takes
on entire gangs his own level or higher, and thrashes them good.  In a
well balanced group, he is absurdly good, comic book good. For example
a stone tank (player character stone golem) with a couple of good
defense buffs on him launches the battle by charging into a gang of
twenty enemies, all of them higher level than himself, a couple of
them considerably higher level than himself, and provokes them all to
attack him.  He then ignores hails of fire, huge boulders hurled at
him, energy beams, flashing swords, and heavy punches, while dishing
out quite a bit of damage to the surrounding horde.  Meanwhile the
blasters in his group rain fire down upon the horde, and someone with
the empathy power set chain heals him from a distance, or someone with
the dark defender power set leaps right into the battle or hovers a
short distance above it, floating like the angel of death, while
vampirically chain healing and buffing the stone tank at short range,
and raining destruction upon the enemy from above.  Battles in City of
heroes are thrilling wish fullfilment, except for the impressively
effective but sadly nerdly empathy defenders.  And battle in City of
Heroes are often *big*.  You despatch one mighty horde of enemies,
then it is off a dead run to find the next mighty horde. 

5.

"Hover?" I hear you ask.   You can *fly*, if you have that powerset.
And if instead you have the teleportation power set, teleportation in
City of heroes is WAY cooler than teleportation in EQ.  When a big
team heads off on a big journey, it is wonderfull to see two or three
teleporters flashing through the sky.  Self teleport is a difficult
skill to master. Unless you are good, you are apt to wind up someplace
you very much do not want to be, but it is wonderful to watch a bunch
of self teleporters flashing through the night sky: that animation,
and a dark defender's mass resurrection in the midst of battle - well
I guess everyone will have their own favorite animations.



