From -1925599749198340076
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b087bd68999351bd
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!border2.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!cyclone1.gnilink.net!spamkiller.gnilink.net!gnilink.net!nwrddc02.gnilink.net.POSTED!77fd2ebf!not-for-mail
From: "Andy Pear" <Andy_Pear@Spamhawk.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <c958mm09uo@news4.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: My analysis of where GoD went wrong.
Lines: 92
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Message-ID: <0Gwtc.10795$nJ6.704@nwrddc02.gnilink.net>
Date: Fri, 28 May 2004 01:33:48 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 151.196.55.62
X-Complaints-To: abuse@verizon.net
X-Trace: nwrddc02.gnilink.net 1085708028 151.196.55.62 (Thu, 27 May 2004 21:33:48 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 27 May 2004 21:33:48 EDT
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:3913


"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:c958mm09uo@news4.newsguy.com...

> First, I truly think they made a big mistake in making CR's so difficult
in
> GoD. No graveyards, no nearby place to bind, blue see-invis mobs that
could
> one-round a naked cleric... this was very discouraging. Perhaps we got
> spoiled by PoP... we could bind in a zone (PoTranq) with no aggroing mobs,
> zone into wherever we had died, and either wait for our corpse to GY or
ask
> some necro or SK to make a quick and easy journey to the zone to retrieve
> our corpses for us. Try asking someone to run to Yxxta to retrieve a
corpse
> for ya or rez ya. =/
>
> The problem is that SOE removed many of the difficulties associated with
> CR's... then promptly reintroduced them in the next expansion. That was
> highly discouraging to people who had gotten used to the ease of CR's. And
> it was so unnecessary. Why did they do that? That fueled players'
suspicions
> that developers were people who didn't actually play the game and had no
> real idea of the impact that their design decisions would have on our EQ
> experience.
>

My small group of friends were never going to go deep in GoD, but it was
just a mess even trying to get to the Sewers.  One day, after my little
group was again hassling with someone having been killed in Barindu on the
way to the Hanging Gardens area, I just thought, "I don't have the patience
for this" and cancelled my account shortly thereafter.  Why would they
reintroduce things like difficult CR's and waiting for boats?  Because
(IMO), they listened to the wrong people.  They listened to the "the game is
too easy" crowd, the people who say that PoP graveyards and portal stones
have ruined the game.  Some people may feel that way, but I think the vast
majority of players believe differently.


>
> And then, finally, the other thing that made GoD not so much fun:
everything
> was the same. Every trial was going through the same stone passageways to
> fight the same blue golems. PoF, PoE, PoW... those each had unique looks.
> But all of the trials were the *exact same zone* over and over again. That
> lack of variety gets tiring after a while.
>

Overall, when I saw the GoD zones I was disappointed.  I expected something
truly unique, but for the most part you had about 5 different mob types
scattered around small, cookie-cutter zones.  Honestly, the best looking
things I saw were the giant, spiked turtles.  They really tricked me with
the preview screenshots.  They had some really up-close screencaps that made
the mobs look really impressive, but if you get a close enough screenshot of
a decaying skeleton that will look pretty awesome.

> Add all that together and that means SOE made a series of poor decisions
> that leeched the fun out of EQ. I honestly think they took the wrong
lesson
> from listening to the rants of Furor et. al. Yes, we want a new expansion
to
> be challenging, but not in a way that grinds fun into the ground and
> thoroughly extinguishes it.
>

I agree.  As I said above, they listened to the wrong people.

Other places I think they went wrong (from a non-raiders viewpoint):

1. Making spells both "No Drop" and very difficult to get.  Not only did you
have to deal with the difficulty of getting around GoD and the difficulty of
killing mobs, but then the drop rate was horrible (according to what I read
many, many places).  I think a lot of people who didn't use the zones would
have been reasonably happier with their GoD purchase if they could buy the
spells in the bazaar.  As it is, they aren't using the zones and they don't
have the spells.  That's not going to make people happy.
2. Making tribute a pain to activate.  It seemed like such a nice feature,
but to no avail because I couldn't run back to Felwithe to activate it and
didn't have enough plat and items to donate to keep it going all the time.
It just seems so petty to me.  In their lust to make this a real plat/item
pit, they disregarded that this could be a feature that is popular and keeps
the players happy.
3. Crappy risk versus reward.  Loot and experience was too difficult to come
by compared to PoP and LDoN.
4.  Misleading advertising.  This expansion was for levels 55+ in name only
because there was one non-combat zone for everyone and one combat zone where
under-65's might reasonable fight (Natimbi).  Somewhere along the way I
think they changed direction with GoD, but they never updated the
description on website.





