From -8474818188522978665
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,296e86104380b2ac,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-08 04:15:23 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!news1.atlantic.net!not-for-mail
From: "Tukka Yoot" <tukka@atlantic.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: One of those people...
Lines: 95
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <aSes8.46$kn4.158919@news1.atlantic.net>
Date: Mon, 8 Apr 2002 07:15:45 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.208.30.204
X-Complaints-To: news@atlantic.net
X-Trace: news1.atlantic.net 1018264070 209.208.30.204 (Mon, 08 Apr 2002 07:07:50 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 08 Apr 2002 07:07:50 EDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:183927

  It's been a long time since I ran into somebody I'd label a complete and
utter moron in EQ, but last night I did.

  The group:

Me (level 36 erudite shadow knight)
A human shadow knight similar in level
A lower level ogre warrior (29ish I think)
A low level dark elf cleric (25)
A rogue (not sure of level, not sure of race, as I think he was using a mask
of deception)

  The rogue and the cleric are friends.  We're fighting in Feerrott in the
pyramid area.  We're pulling nonstop.  The experience is quite good (several
people ding in the course of the night) and the money isn't so bad either.
We have one of the pyramids camped, but we're also pulling from the ramp
that leads to the temple of Cazic-Thule.  We have the area entirely to
ourselves.

  At one point, the group is a bit battered, but still at ready fighting
status.  Nobody says "stop pulling", and so far nobody has needed to.  I
gave us a couple breathers after particularly difficult fights sometimes,
but for the most part, somebody was pulling at all times and nobody was
objecting to this.

  Two fanatics pop in the pyramid in front of us.  This group could kill two
fanatics easily even without our healer, so I pull them as we'd been doing
for hours previously.  Unfortunately, I wasn't completely aware of the fact
that our cleric was doing some downtime healing at the time, and we were
sufficiently close to the pyramids for the lizards to notice and jump her.
The other shadow knight later told me that they didn't jump her until she
sat down, but I didn't see that so I'm not sure.  Anyway, the cleric dies
pretty quickly, despite our efforts to taunt them off her.

  I feel bad about this and know it was partially my fault for not being
more aware of the fact that she was healing in such close proximity to the
area I was pulling from.  Usually this isn't an issue because the puller is
pulling from a greater distance, and at this point I've also become
accustomed to clerics casting heals that take forever, rather than the small
rapid-fire heals this cleric was using.  I apologized for the mistake.  Her
rogue friend goes to sell and pick her up (he was master looting and she
didn't know the way to the pyramids from Oggok, where she was bound).  She
doesn't say anything until she gets back, and when she does, it's "I just
don't know why you decided to pull multiples while we were resting."  I
apologized again and told her that I didn't realize she was healing until it
was too late, and pointed out that we could've killed them easily if it
wasn't for the unfortunate timing of my pull and her heals... if they hadn't
jumped her first, it would have been a completely uneventful fight.  She
doesn't respond, but the ogre warrior and the other SK send me tells saying
it wasn't really my fault, and that she's probably just irked at dying, ect.
The SK goes so far as to call me an "awesome puller".

  Anyway, we decide to ditch the pyramid we were camping and just head for
the ramp (I don't like that area because of the bothersome wandering crocs,
but I also wasn't really in the mood to break the pyramid and deal with the
problems that might ensue.)  The other SK starts pulling.  We kill a few
easy mobs, and he makes another pull.  This time he gets two lizards...a
zealot and fanatic, I think.  Not by any means the most difficult combo we'd
been fighting, but a strong enough combo to dish out some decent damage.  We
were at full health, ect. so it should've been an easy fight.  He's tanking
them... I notice him drop below half health, so I try to draw away some of
the heat with a snare and taunts, but they stick to him... he drops to a
bubble... no heals from the cleric... I tell him to feign dead.  He tries
but fails, and dies.  We kill the mobs, but during the fight somebody (the
warrior I think) asks "Cleric?"... I was ready to give her the benefit of
the doubt, thinking she might have gone LD or was lagging or something.  But
no.. she says something along the lines of "I'm not going to heal and risk
aggro if you aren't going to taunt properly" or something along those lines.

  So, what basically happened is this: I [arguably] made a misake, and she
takes it on us by letting the other SK (whom I don't even know) die.  She
did at least rezz him, but at her level a rezz doesn't do much.  Some of the
others in the group tried to get an explanation out of her, but I had
already thrown her out of the group... I figure when somebody does something
like that and says something like that, there's really not much point in
listening further.  She didn't make any further effort to explain herself
(at least not to me or with /say) and I decide to call it a night (I'd
already announced earlier that I would be leaving soon, but I decided to
stick around a bit longer after she died to help her recover some of the
lost exp).

  The kicker is that this all happened on the Firiona Vie server, which has
a very small population, and grouping limitations.  Your reputation can only
get so many spots on it before it becomes a serious liability.  I will
always be amazed at the lengths people will go to, just to upset other
people.  This girl gave up a very nice exp camp (despite there being higher
level characters in the group, she was probably getting quite a lot of
exp... earlier when it was myself, a level 41 warrior and a level 37 SK, we
had an enchanter in the group who was level 28 who was gaining excellent
experience), pretty good loot, and a shot at some decent equipment just to
give it up and tarnish the reputation of her and her guild, over a single
death (with probably a pitiful experience penalty) which resulted from a
minor mistake.




