From 881333210617173426
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,14004c332722ab69,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-13 17:51:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!sjc70.webusenet.com!c03.atl99!news.webusenet.com!telocity-west!DIRECTV!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <bob@DELETETHISplanetperez.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Question on Advanced Blacksmithing
Date: Mon, 13 Jan 2003 17:50:56 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <v26r7vspaehs12@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <bob@DELETETHISplanetperez.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 56
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:258170

I quote from EQTraders:

"Imbuing is the process of calling the blessings of a specific god down upon
an item, limiting it to use by followers of only that deity. While we
originally thought that there would be imbued armor for pretty much every
race/deity combination, this is not turning out to be the case. Imbuing is
performed by a cleric/shaman/druid on the specific gem for that deity. (See
the imbued gems list for information on the gem for each deity.) The imbued
gem can then be used by a smith of any religious background, provided that
the recipe in question accepts that gem as a valid recipe. The end result
will only be able to be worn by a person who meets the race/class AND deity
restrictions of the end result. (Exception to the above info is the Solusek
Ro imbue, which is performed by wizards of Solusek Ro.) Races that have
non-enchanted imbued items include: barbarians, iksar, ogres and wood elves,
plus some Freeport human recipes. These groups have no enchanted versions of
their armor/weapons."
Ok, all of this has me confused. A long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away,
I was the first Blacksmith on Quellious, opening shop the day the server
went live (I later went on to become the 2nd GM Jewelcrafter, hitting max
skill about an hour after the first GM, but that's another story). So I have
some familiarity with Smithing. However, that was the old Smithing, when
people got all excited about Banded. All of this new stuff is pretty
overwhelming, but enticing as all hell. I can hardly wait to get started
making metal bits all over again! Well, ok, I overstate, but I am looking
forward to getting to know the new system (I particularly enjoyed reading
Monual's accounts, btw, thank you!).

I was under the impression that EQTraders is one of the best sources on
tradeskills, but the above quote just leaves me puzzled. First, what's the
rationale behind *some* races having enchanted armor while others don't? I
take it there are other mysteries I've yet to discover which bring this
situation into balance? The whole imbued/cultural/enchanted thing is
confusing enough at first glance, but check out this sentence:

"Any race that has cultural smithing also have some "normal" cultural
recipes, and then either imbued versions of the recipes OR enchanted and
enchanted/imbued versions of the recipes."

??

Can anyone familiar with the new system sort it all out with a couple of
simple paragraphs describing the new system and the relative ordering of
these variants?

Many thanks!

--
Bob Perez


"Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they
quit playing."
- Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes





