From 7487217850271446973
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c46d36cd702d33b3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-05 11:47:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!news-hog.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!hub1.nntpserver.com!xmission!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "James" <jamesgrahame@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3C0E334E.CB93F3C4@serv.net>
Subject: Re: Some things Verant could do right
Lines: 204
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 4.72.3110.1
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Message-ID: <WQuP7.6775$O3.762214@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2001 19:47:02 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.76.240
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 1007581622 216.232.76.240 (Wed, 05 Dec 2001 12:47:02 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2001 12:47:02 MST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:142388


Gregory Gadow wrote in message <3C0E334E.CB93F3C4@serv.net>...
>
>The threads regarding Dark Ages of Camelot have been
>interesting. I've kept my EQ account to see what changes
>would be released with SoL and I'm planning on buying the
>expansion (not yet; I've learned from EQ's other two
>expansions to wait at least two months for post beta fixes)
>but, over all, I find DAoC much more enjoyable for my style
>of game play.

    DAoC is a lot more casual, or at least it was before the level gap nerf.
It's also a TON more friendly to folks who want to solo. It's filled a big
niche in the MMORPG world.

>One of the biggest reasons really has little to do with the
>game itself; it is the company, Mythic, which has designed
>and maintains the game. Their way of dealing with issues is
>fundamentally different from the methods used by Verant
>Interactive and, IMO, far better. Two examples, out of many,
>come to mind.

    I'd say it's more a function of what each game's goals are. If you want
to say that's the company, go ahead, but these two examples better be
good....

>In Hibernia, there is a critter called a parthenan: about
>level 17, disease caster, agressive and easy to overpull.
>However, they are a
>fairly easy mob (in a group) for level 15 characters and the
>loot is pretty good; thus they are generally perma-camped

    Sort of like the Aviaks in SK, or the crocs in Oasis - solid XP mobs.
Ok, gotcha.

>Perma-camping is frowned upon in
>the general game design.

    Although there's been a few abortive attempts to avoid camping, the same
cannot be said of EQ. If you want the foozzle, you camp it.

>Mythic's solution, implemented a
>few weeks ago, was to set it up so that if enough parths
>were about to spawn (ie, there are enough being killed fast
>enough), there is a chance they will "join together" and
>spawn as a single, giant parthenan, about level 30, with
>some even more nasty attacks.

    Sort of like how Lockjaw is a random rare spawn for the crocs. If enough
crocs get offed, then Lockjaw will appear and ream everyone along the beach
as he gets trained all around. In more than a few of the outdoor zones near
Freeport big nasties are random rare spawns on the spawn tables of little
mobs - sand giants, griffins, and hill giants being examples.

>possible courses: the players can easily wait it out, or
>gang up on it; for a level 30 mob, it is a very easy kill
>and gives level 30 experience.

    You neglect to mention that every group that does damage to a mob gets
XP from the mob in DAoC. So ganging up on a mob is a good idea for everyone,
with the caveat being that "XP leeching" (firing a nuke at some group's
mostly-dead mob) is a problem. I'm also a bit confused at the numbers here -
are you saying that people who find level 17 mobs to be a challenge can take
down a level 30 mob with one group? Is there ANY PvE challenge in a game
like that?

>Mythic's game design
>*encourages* this behavior, because bigger groups get a
>significant bonus for grouping, and even if you are not in a
>group you can still get some XP by doing damage or healing
>combatants.

    Ok, here it is. 8) So the game encourages people to form
larger-than-group sized units for XP grinding, which is interesting
considering that number of mobs pulled is determined by group size (BAF). So
could two groups with one extra person gang together, send in the single
person to pull, and take on single high-level mobs from a camp all day? I'm
curious how exploitable BAF is.

>How would Verant have handled this?

    A more correct question: how HAVE they handled this? In the case of
low-level XP spawns, the answer is "they didn't do a damn thing". Crocs and
aviaks haven't been nerfed since Beta - the only low-level XP nerfs have
been to quests, and specific solo targets (like the bard in WFP), because
grouping to fight for XP is "The Vision (TM)". So if this were VI, they
wouldn't have seen this as a problem, and it would be unchanged, based on
prior actions.

    Now, XP nerfing HAS been done on high-level spawns - the Dar frogs that
used to be in Upper Guk, the Accountant/Bodyguard spawns that used to be in
High Keep, the brownie guards in LFay. In most cases the spawns were
soloable, which is why they were nerfed. The method of nerfing has pretty
much always been to lengthen the respawn until the XP/unit time available at
those spawns is more in line with what VI wants. In some cases, the spawn is
removed altogether (High Keep, UGuk). But....

>By making the parths
>much tougher to kill, by making them rarer spawns, by
>decreasing the loot they drop and/or by making them just
>plain more fatal.

    ...most of these wouldn't have happened.

>Or, more likely, Verant would have ignored
>the issue and encouraged kill stealing and perma-camping.

    I won't go into the long argument about how players do these things on
their own, and all a game company can do is try and discourage them. But I
will point out the differences:

    Mythic's Parth camp is perma-camped. The players have found a way around
MegaCombatiParth (TM), and continue to camp it. Furthermore, because of the
%damage dealt XP system, it is trivial to KS XP off of anyone at the Parth
camp.

    Verant's camps are perma-camped, and no measures have been taken to
discourage that. Killstealing requires an active attempt to kill the mob
because of the majority damage rule, and is petitionable.

    Who had the better solution, again?

>Another example of Mythic's cleverness. With the recent
>patch, the realm points earned during RvR (realm vs. realm;
>given instead of experience) have become more valuable,
>meaning far more RvR will be occuring.

    In other words, they finally patched in a USE for realm points, I
assume. 8)

>But now, it seems
>that every RvR death on the frontier has a chance of
>spawning a roaming monster: the unquiet spirit of a warrior
>slain in combat. It will be friendly to players of their own
>realm, but a threat to others. If I were to die in RvR in my
>own frontier (Hibernia), there is a chance my death might
>spawn an Undead Hibernian Defender. If I die in RvR in
>someone elses frontier, I might spawn an Undead Hibernian
>Invader. [*snip the unknowns*] It
>is already known that they count as RvR (ie, if killed by an
>undead invader or defender, you do not loose experience
>points and you do not leave a grave) but killing them gives
>you no realm points; they are a hazard, not a goal.

    Hmm. Ok. So what does this change? Well, if I want to kill side X I now
have to kill possibly up to twice as many of them as I did before, half of
them being ghosts. So it bogs down combat. That's it. No Hibernian is going
to be saved from being gacked by a ghost that spawns after he's bit it,
after all.

>A very
>clever, very creative way to add to the challenge and deal
>with perma-camping battlefields without nerfing anything.

    Unless the ghosts can be more powerful than the PC whose death spawned
them, this only punishes people in close fights. People who have
overwhelming force will plow through ghosts that are the same level as
quickly as they plowed through the presumably more challenging PC forces of
the same level. And if those ghosts are of a higher level and do spawn
pretty frequently, I imagine exploits a-plenty will soon come out of it
(like the gimp Zerg rush). As far as I can tell, all they're discouraging
with this is people who don't have overwhelming strength from trying.

>How would Verant have handled the issue?

    We don't know, as VI doesn't have a server that quite mimics the
conditions in DAoC. Looking at the team PvP servers (Tallon, Vallon,
Sullon), though, it looks as though they would have done nothing: the
stronger team will win.

>By adding xp loss
>to RvR, by increasing the number of wandering mobs that
>WOULD lead to xp loss, by making defending NPCs spawn much
>faster (they are pretty high level and very tough), by
>making it much more difficult to get to the frontier in the
>first place.

    With the exception of the first item, none of these features has hit an
EQ PvP server. XP loss in PvP is a feature on Sullon, and has been since the
server opened. This is in response to people who claimed that on other PvP
servers, there's no real loss to being killed and so the combats have no
meaning (people have no coins or bag items/wear No Drop gear on servers
where the slain can be looted). DAoC has solved that problem with its
"Capture the Flag" setup, but one would expect that issue to be solved in a
game whose entire endgame is PvP, no?

>If for no other reason, Mythic makes DAoC a far more
>enjoyable game than VI does Everquest.

    So all the high-level characters that were told "yeah, stuff's
unitemized, no, we won't move faster than planned to add content, we can do
well financially without you" are having an enjoyable play experience, are
they? My one former EQ buddy who went to DAoC recently quit it. He was
really into it, as was his guild - they were active in RvR, had guild
insignias, the works. Then he went away for one week, after they changed the
"XP sharing" in game. He came back, his guildmates were seven levels above
him. He couldn't group with them to catch up, and since he played a support
class he knew soloing would be tedious and he'd end up even further back
than before. So he gave up. Sounds fun.

    James





