From 1252249013854687960
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f6a91ca827c6ce0a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-13 13:10:02 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!leto.ou.edu!ounews.ou.edu!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Solid Weekend
From: please@reply.in.here (Zymyool)
Message-ID: <93029E913pleasereplyinhere@129.15.2.142>
User-Agent: Xnews/03.08.26
Lines: 197
Date: Mon, 13 Jan 2003 21:10:01 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 167.16.161.87
X-Complaints-To: news@ou.edu
X-Trace: ounews.ou.edu 1042492201 167.16.161.87 (Mon, 13 Jan 2003 15:10:01 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 13 Jan 2003 15:10:01 CDT
Organization: The University of Oklahoma
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:258129

Big EQ weekend for me, probably the most exciting one since I made that 
first run from Freeport to Qeynos as a Necro with 2 other newbs who had 
heard of that distant land.

It turns out that on Friday, the KCoG was up for Naggy.  I wasn't going to 
go, but 2 of our guildies hadn't been on a Dragon raid and were going, so I 
decided to tag along.  Many bad things happened ( including a zone crash ), 
but when we finally engaged, he went down way fast.  On the way there, one 
the 2 guildies that was there won a 13 Wis head or neck item ( he's a 
ranger ) and the other guildie is a Pally and won the roll on the book and 
it dropped.  2 COF dropped, too.

I installed a new range-top gas stove Saturday morning, but got to play 
some afterwards.  3 guilld friends and I went to Velks because 2 of us 
needed threads and I needed silks for tailoring.  After the camp checks, 
the guy at "US" says "Monk at US looking for 5 more."  Sheesh.  Ok, so I 
send him a tell that I we have ENC, DRD, MAG, and PAL.  He says to come on 
up.  We don't know the way, unforunately, as I've only been there once and 
that time, I was led very quickly.

He gives me basic directions and we head up.  I tell the others not to fall 
at the place where there is a hole in the ramp.  The Pally and I make it ( 
we're invis ) but the mage and druid fall.  Try #2, the mage makes it, but 
the druid falls again.  I have a pretty good laugh going because this druid 
is a really good player and the last person I would think would have 
problems with this.  The monk is getting impatient.  The druid fell at 
least 2 more times.  Before the druid makes it up, another group on the way 
to "UD" ( I think ) trains us then stands there yelling for help.  We 
dispatch the mobs, and they go off without even saying thanks.  Assholes.

We see the druid pass the hole, so we start to make the approach to US, and 
I'm conning all the spiders because I know some can see invis ( Hhunters? ) 
and we are almost there and the named spaws on top of the mage and close to 
me.  He goes down in a second or 2, the monk sends me a tell to "bring 
them", and I quickly get a free port to bind.  Druid calls the evac and the 
pally is barely out of range ( or just got left ) when it goes off.

So, 3 dead, and no clerics in zone.  The pally knows a pally friend who can 
90% rez us, and the guy makes the run from PoK to help us.  The Druid has 
been busy pulling our corpses and eventually the pally gets us rezzed and 
wants to join us.  He turns out to be a very nice guy and we have a lot of 
fun for an hour or so.  I add him to my friends list.

The party breaks up and a guild 52 CLC logs on and so does our 61 Ranger ( 
only 60+ person we have ).  The 3 of us decide to go to Seb since the 
Ranger has a condo or something there he's spent so much time there and 
wants to show us around.  We zone in and add a few to our group, so we were 
Ranger, Chanter, Cleric, Rogue, and War.  We go to D(isco)2 and kill there 
for a while, getting some gems.  After a bit, the Wiz and the War need to 
head out.  Wiz TLs the War, and wiz gates.  The rest of us head to the 
entrance and pick up a Rogue and a Necro and the Ranger does a camp check 
and decides we're heading to 4r ( where the 2 Golem guardians guard the 4 
tombs ).  We pull the room before it and an ODS drops and the Rogue wins 
it.  I then finally get the feeling that I'm in a Loot Dungeon for the 
first time ever.

We single a guardian then pull the other and clear 4r - no nameds.  The 
ranger says "Let's do Emp."  All of us are 51-54 except for him.  We follow 
and the rogue says that we can't do Emp, just the room before.  Ranger says 
he can single Emp.  Cool.  We take down the PH out front and he pulls the 
Emp ( who is immune to stun ) but he knows where to fight him so that he 
doesn't gate.  He's down and crap loot - 1 greatsword.

We rotate 4r again, and no nameds.  Back to emp, he pops and drops another 
greatsword and something else bad.  badk to 4r, no named pop, and back to 
emp.  The named ouside pops and drops the cone.  Someone wins it.  Emp PH 
up, and then down.  Back to 4r, no named.  Back to Emp, named outside dies 
and drops Tolan Arms or something.  Emp PH.  Back to 4r and thr Rogue and 
Necro need to go.  1 named pops and drops the box.  Right then, a guild 
ranger says "I got Loz aggroed, get here."  Great, no port out so we have 
to fight out.  Someone aggroes the room above 4r, but we handle it.  We 
start heading back and the people coming to replace us at 4r bring a train.  
We handle it.  That's when we realize that the cleric never looted the WR 
box.  He runs back, but it's gone.  Then, we realize the Necro ( who had 
just disbanded ) had looted it.  She says "oops" and joins back up and 
hands the box over.  We finally get out and CLC and I gate while the Rng 
uses a Thurg gate potion.  ( the rogue didn't want to try to sneak / hide 
so the rest of us could just gate from 4r )

We meet back in Pok, and a guild Wiz joins.  So, we have Ranger x 2, 
Cleric, Chanter, Wiz.  We don't think we can do Loz ( none of us had tried 
him before ), so I check my friends list and that Pally that rezzed us in 
Velks is on.  He joins and brings a 65 Pal and another CLC.  Loz was pretty 
much trivial at that point.  He goes down and we loot up.  Club, Map piece, 
Shell piece, maybe something else.

It's now late, so we all decided to try to meet up again in 10 hours and 
try to kill him on his next spawn.  I log in the next morning and Loz is 
camped by a German guild.  I roleplay talk to their Ogre for a bit then 
start chatting with him about Loz.  They had killed him the spawn before 
us.  Loz spawns in a bit and they take him down.  They got some spells, a 
club, shell piece, and map piece, and boots I think.

Since we didn't get Loz, we decide to head to CoM ( even though our CoM 
raid is scheduled for Monday, not Sunday ).  There are just 5 of us: 51 
Enc, 59 Clc, 61 Ran, 53 Pal, 49 Rog.  We clear to the building.  Rak, is up 
and in the main room.  Ranger pulls a golem to start clearing, and gets the 
BR as an add.  I charm the golem and we take down the BR.  Ranger was blind 
the whole time, and pretty much kept aggro from the pal, although he was 
Jolting.  One of the CHs landed when he hit about 2% life, but he didn't 
see it.  2 of us all said "I'm glad he was blind for that."  BR dies, 
Ghiosk is up.  We kill him and I think he dropped the Bard sword.

Clear the bottom room then pull another BR.  He goes down, and then the 
room starts repopping.  Finish it off ( almost aggroed Rak, but cancelled 
the AOE mez halfway through the cast - duh ).  We pull a 3rd BR and kill 
him.  On all of these, a second BR never spawned, so I'm assuming it's true 
that if a lord is up, you don't get the BR chain.

We don't have an evac, so the Cleric had bound at the entrance.  Our 
"evac" was for the Cleric to gate and after she was gone, we all run our 
asses out.  If we would have had 1 more Cleric, our plan would be to tank-
mez the added BR if we got 2, but we didn't have one, so our plan was to 
run.  Ranger goes up to pull and calls "2 RUN" "2 RUN".  I =really= wanted 
to try to tank mez the add with my Golem pet and try it, but I didn't think 
they'd buy that strat, so when he ran in the room, I assisted and sent the 
pet.  Both BRs jumped on the pet.  Rogue opens the door, I run out ( damned 
fast Gnome, I am ).  I hit the "T", AOE mez the right side ( facing from 
the BR building ), and sit to mem IVU ( don't want to gate, as I'm bound in 
PoK ).  Cleric comes up, and gates.  I stand up and start casting IVU, 
Ranger and Pally run by me and take the right route ( good, that's where 
the mezzed ones are ).  I guess the rogue is standing in the corner in the 
building willing the BRs not to see him.

I start following the 2 melees and they have a train following them ( which 
I join, since they don't see me ), and I announce to the zone ( a 65 DRD 2-
boxing a BST, and a few that had zoned in recently ) the Train.  Guy asks 
"How many?"  I reply "All of em."  When they see me cross the bridge with 
the train behind, they turn around and head to zone.  Smart kiddies.  About 
halfway to the zone, my pet broke charm ( held its own against the 2 BRs!! 
).  The rogue followed soon after.  TUrns out that we all made it and the 
Ranger and Pally were barely touched.  Nice "Evac."

It's getting late for the ranger ( he's in Spain ) so we split up and I 
find out that we're up for Vox, and that the only kid in our guild is 
going.  There's NO WAY I'm letting her go without me there to keep a leash 
on her BL, so I decide to go.  Looks like we aren't going to be able to do 
her - only 1 CLC, Drd, and SHM.  But we hang in there and I think we ended 
up with 2 DRD, 2 CLC, and a 2 SHM.  We eventually take down Vox ( I died 2 
times ), but one of my guildies fell in the pits.  Getting the corpses out 
took a long time, too.  Right after she died, the same ranger that found 
Loz announces he has him again.  And again, we are stuck in a dungeon with 
no way out.  I was bound in there and the ranger didn't have a gate potion 
and didn't want to miss out on the rolls.

After about 40 minutes, all the corpses were found and rezzes done and loot 
got awarded.  Only 2 DRDs and no wizzies, so porting out took a while, but 
we finally got out.  Druid picks us up in Nexus but we realize we have no 
Cleric for Loz.  I can't even find on that I know online.  We're looking at 
54 Ran, 53 Pal, 44 Ran, 51 Enc, 53 Drd, 48 Nec, 45 Wiz -vs- Loz.  Ain't 
going to happen.  I enlist the aid of a 53 Shm friend and someone finds a 
55 Druid to help.  That's 3 non-cleric healers.  We decide to try it.

We port in and the ranger that was kiting Loz is OOM and running around.  
We buff up and the 53 Drd is m50 when we end up engaging.  The Shaman lands 
slow, Necro pet goes in, 44 Ran goes in.  I haste ( oops, forgot ) and try 
a few resisted nukes ( he didn't resist Saturday night ).  The pally can't 
get aggro, so the 54 Ranger is tanking for a bit.  Heals are hitting like 
crazy, I stop trying to nuke and load Rune III ( didn't have any Dots on me 
) and start chaining the Ranger.  Pally gets aggro, and then Loz keeps 
switching between the 2 for a bit so I'm runing back and forth, then start 
medding at 20m.  Loz is down below 50% at this time, so I'm thinking we got 
it.  Loz hits 40 then 30 and then I remind the group that Loz enraged on 
the German guild, even though he didn't on us on Saturday.  Loz hits 20, 
then 15, then enrages and the Pally drops.  Ranger drops right after that.  
The 44 ranger hits the ice.  Necro pet dies, Druid tosses on another 2 dots 
before he gets summoned.  Necro is down, Wiz is down, then I'm down, don't 
know when the shaman and other drd bit it.

Guess who was bound in Permafrost?  Nope, not me, I bound in IC about 20 
seconds before Engaging, luckily.  I pop up, mem tash ( thought it may have 
worn off, didn't remember ) and 2 nukes and run within nuking range.  I 
tash, and then get off one resisted nuke before he summons me and squishes 
me.  I spawn again and mem the 2 nukes and run to Loz again and there's the 
ranger, fully armed and clothed.  Wailing on Loz.  FROM BEHIND!  The 
friggin' turtle runs??  I never would have guessed.  I nuke 3 times ( 2 hit 
) and he drops.  Fun friggin' fight.  None of the healers were bound in IC, 
and the Pally was bound in CoM from the raid earlier in the day.  Loot was 
an EB ring, Boots, shell piece, and map piece.  I don't think he dropped 
the club.  No spells.

We hired a cleric ( she made a killing ) to click us, and we were done for 
the night.

I had a great weekend.  Got in on a Naggy and Vox killing, raided CoM ( no 
JRs again ), saw more of Seb, and look Loz 2 times.  For a 51 ENC in a 
small guild, that was a lot of action.

And, I got 3+ yellows in 51 while just having fun.

-- 
Karana Server
Zymyool     Level 51 Gnomish  Illusionist
Draglorvin  Level 25 Dwarven  Warrior
Purrloin    Level 12 Vah Shir Rogue
Rayzin      Level 06 Vah Shir Shaman
Dragemrezem Level 01 Halfling Rogue Hole Corpse Dragger


