From -8976368198825110387
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f854c1919970b2e1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 19 Jun 2004 11:13:18 -0500
Date: Sat, 19 Jun 2004 12:13:14 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Bard thread for Lewzephyr
References: <LbKdnb4OgYbcMU7d4p2dnA@dejazzd.com> <40d3b5d8@duster.adelaide.on.net> <Equinol.1830qm@erollisimarr-dot-com-forum.com>
In-Reply-To: <Equinol.1830qm@erollisimarr-dot-com-forum.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <1-KdnfwB3sqC-0ndRVn-gQ@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 205
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.82
X-Trace: sv3-ZAkg5LSwPtkYFQ01LUVAVpb5SWC8qLvQ5iVmwH8xOkpr2cgKyLLM9DmUAo+nkZXNS5Rd2gT9ZJrgiLd!XfyuYu4XUizO0T3G5gp9d4b/FFB5RG3dnrFzZ2aTjEZVj0ckZSCdnwA5jfR2m+dv1Yu2ItM6yoE=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6972



Equinol wrote:


> Alright, swarming doesn't really change much from your first charm to
> you last one at 64 as llyric explained it. The only major change is the
> charm begines to cost mana, one of the few songs you get that do. This
> of course limits the amount of time you can swarm, and then get ready
> for an hour down time as we regen 3 mana a tick standing at level 65
> and the 64 charm costs 90 mana... and no mana regen buffs or songs
> affect us.
> 
There's a very simple solution to that problem: Mana regen items. 
These do affect bards, and to astonishingly powerful effect.  As you 
say, the top standing mana regen for a bard is 3.  So, get an FT 1 item 
and you've added 25% to your standing mana regen.  (effect isn't as 
noticable on sitting mana regen, only 12.5% or so... but as a bard, you 
don't sit much)  I found that a solstice earring alone vastly increased 
the amount of time I could spend swarming, and noticably decreased the 
amount of time I'd end up sitting.

I estimated that with a mere 3 bonus mana regen (whether via mana regen 
items or via mental clarity AA, or some combination), I'd literally be 
unable to use the mana faster via charming than I got it back.  And of 
course it would also cut that hour medding down to 45 minutes... 
although I wouldn't bother medding up to full first, since my regen 
would match my use, I'd just need a little cushion.

There is, however, another change between the first charm and the 
second; you can leave the first charm song running on your target, it 
works as a normal 3 tic buff which you can maintain on a friendly 
target.  The second charm works as a hostile debuff, which means you 
can't cast it again on a charmed mob, but must wait for it to break.  On 
the other hand, it has a variable duration which can be much longer than 
3 tics.  Its odd that there are differences in how the two work, but I 
think of the first charm as training wheels, and the second as the 
technically more challenging but ultimately more powerful and flexible 
version.



> But, here's the low down on how I swarm at 65.
> 1) Find a place far from society, perferably static spawns, KoS or CoF
> (call on friend) is required. The mobs must not be able to summon and
> must also be level 54 or lower IIRC.
I'd also avoid caster mobs, which tend to space out instead of clump, 
can do actual damage (or other nasty effects) to me even though I'm 
never in melee range, and which can do really really clumpy damage to 
the pet, making it difficult to tell when he's near death.

> 2) Fire up selo's Pull the whole camp (DO NOT cast on them or else they
> will not attack your pet). The place I kite at has about 12 spawns that
> hit for 355+ each, so be careful, don't get hit. If you do your dead.

I avoid selos, which I know sounds odd for a bard.  Particularly the 
level 5 selos is irritating, since you have to keep renewing it every 
three tics, reducing the "things you can sing" list by a third, quarter, 
or fifth depending on your twisting ability.   The level 50 selos isn't 
nearly as bad, but it still costs a song slot, one eigth your potential 
flexibility lost.

Pre 50s I used Travellors Boots (JBoots would be even better), and post 
50 I went to full AA till I got Run 2, Run 3 is better but Run 2 is 
sufficient.

There is an exception to the "do not cast on them".. which is that you 
can cast on your future pet.  If you want to aggro at range, might have 
to use a chant, but I often pull my pet and the rest of the camp by 
charming my pet; this is viewed by his COF buddies as an attack on one 
of their number, even though immediately afterwards he's not on their 
side.  Either way, dragging the rest of the COF mobs thru their COF 
buddies is a nice way to pick up a good sized swarm, none of whom hate 
me all that much.

> 3) Bring all the mobs to an area deviod of KoS and CoF mobs and target
> one of the mobs.
Its important that you pick a nice clear area that is sufficiently large 
that you can run in circles without coming into melee range of any of 
the mobs on your tail.  This is because although the intent is to have 
all the mobs concentrating on your pet, the reality is that quite 
frequently anywhere from one to all of them will be chasing you.

When first starting out, a nice flat area without trees or walls or 
other mobs, even ones which aren't KOS or buddies with your targets, is 
helpful.  Eventually you'll be able to do this on the side of a hill 
covered with boulders and dodging in between the legs of giants.. but no 
need to add to your troubles starting out.

> 4) Charm the targetted mobs and have it attack another mob, it may help
> to have your pet sit so it's easier to target another mob.
Its very helpful to learn how to switch to a specific target using the 
tab key, so you can go back to the mob you've designated as a pet, 
whether he's your pet or not.  (If he's your pet you can just f1 f1... 
but he won't be charmed at all times)

> 5) Once your pet engaged one of the other mobs, circle around them a
> few times for the others mobs often do not agro instantly, you'll have
> to let them all take notice of the fight.
The point here is to keep them in range of the pet versus mobs fight, so 
they overcome their (hopefully minimal) hate for you and go for your pet 
instead.  Circles are the key, the mobs will keep trying to take a 
shortcut across the inside of the circle, so this keeps them circling 
closer to the center, where your pet and the fight is.

A good trick if you have a mob that won't get off your butt, is to use 
chains to snare him, then move well away from the fight; he'll give up 
on you and go fight your pet, once he does you can move back in range.

> 6) Your pet is going to go down FAST, depending on the mobs your
> killing and the amount of mobs, I typically start casting invis (Selo's
> song of travel pre-epic, invis song pro-epic. If you have to cast
> travel, then you must redo your selo's after the charm breaks) to break
> my charm at 50%. The charm will perferably break at 0-5%.

I use the invis song for this, and since I use either TBoots or Run 3 to 
stay in front of the fight, I don't have to worry about juggling the 
selos/selos song of travel thing.  Figuring out where to start the invis 
is an art, since you need it to finish with your pet still alive but 
damaged as much as possible.  The second charm breaks, all the other 
mobs will come for you as you are now the only thing on their hate list.

The former pet will either follow you or try to run, its hard to predict 
which except via experience.  Formerly charmed pets lose all hate except 
for the charmer, who they hate a LOT... but if hurt enough, some will 
run anyway.

> 7) Charm another mob and have it attack another. Circle and let all fo
> the mobs agro. The mob at 0-5% will continue to follow you. Now load on
> the DoTs and get ready to break your charm again.

I used to charm the new mob and have it finish off the former pet.  IF 
this is the only damage done to the former pet, though, you get a 
fraction of the exp.  So its better to do as Equinol suggests, and do 
all the killing yourself, with chant DOTs.

It isn't so important, though, that you start the next charm 
immediately.  All those mobs are right there on your butt not going 
anywhere, anyway.  The former pet, however, may "warp" if ignored (pop 
back to his spawn site), depending on zone and type of mob and whether 
you are looking at him and who knows what else.  Equinol's technique is 
a bit better if that warping isn't a problem, as it keeps the swarm 
damage going while you do the finishing off.

> 8) Rinse and repeat until all are dead. If you're unlucky, your last
> pet will still be around 75% after it kills the last uncharmed mob, so
> you'll have to DoT kite it to death.
> 
Some things you can do to speed things up even more: use a clicky item 
to DS your pets (there are a couple I know of, one drops off the final 
cleric epic dragon, one is part of the SS armor from Kunark).  Keep 
yourself levitated with clicky SS boots (helps alleviate terrain 
troubles)  DOT kite the mob your pet is nominally attacking.  Go out and 
grab new mobs and bring them back as fresh pets instead of picking pets 
from the swarm.  Basically, finding something to do while your pet is 
being killed; a great bard is an always busy bard.

Carefully selecting your pets as you get down to the last few in the 
swarm can also help a lot, you want to pick so that you don't get one of 
the last two dead and the other at 75%, instead, you should have 
arranged it so that both pet and last victim are down to under 10% 
before either dies.  You can help shift the odds by using either slow 
and DOTs on that last victim if he's looking to win the race, or by NOT 
doing so if you are afraid he's not doing sufficient damage to your pet.

Mobs I've been fighting recently have so many HP that finishing off that 
last one at 75% takes almost as long as the entire 12 mob swarm did to 
kill each other for me via swarm kiting.  Switch which of the two is 
your pet if its really necessary.

OR something I often do, assuming I'm still fresh and don't need a 
break, is to take that last pet out with me and go grab an entire new swarm!

> You'll want high wind skill so you don't fizzle and burn all your mana.
> And also a drum or epic equipped to keep you much fater then the mobs.
> 
Having a wind instrument (or epic) in hand whenever casting your charms 
seems to help them last a lot longer on average, too.  The drum/epic 
thing is only necessary if you are using a selos plan to keep your speed 
up.  Much faster than the mobs isn't at all necessary, as I said, even 
TBoots or Run 2 are fast enough to stay out in front.  Unlike normal 
kiting casters, who have to get well ahead of their prey so they can 
stop and stand still casting, we never need to stop, so even one step 
ahead is plenty.  In fact, recently I tried some selos kiting and found 
myself almost Too fast, I had to work a lot harder on piloting to keep 
my circle small enough!  Guess thats just a question of what you are 
used to.  At any rate, I found that selos with no drum equipped was 
about the same as TBoots, again, plenty fast enough.

> Whatever you do, do NOT do this in crowded areas. Swarming just plain
> pisses people of, as it should. If they do anything, sit, agro a mob
> near your swarm, buff you, help your pet, anything, they will get the
> agro of the entire spawn and are almost garunteed death. This will not
> make you a popular bard.
> 
Even if you don't care about the welfare of innocent passerby's, people 
getting aggro on your swarm will mess up your nice neat clustering, 
causing untold trouble as you try and gather them all back up from 
whereever they trained off to, possibly getting COF mobs to come back 
with them... and those COF mobs may be casters or summoners; you really 
have no control over where someone who's being attacked may decide to 
panic off and blunder in to.

LLyric



