From -5829674204417065236
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e628d5031127236b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!newsfeed2.telusplanet.net!newsfeed.telus.net!edtnps89.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <1098204912.065727.152350@z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com>
Subject: Re: Mobhunter: The Warts Under the Emperor's Clothes
Lines: 145
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
Message-ID: <5eddd.17227$_u6.11963@edtnps89>
Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2004 18:42:09 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.180.97.29
X-Trace: edtnps89 1098211329 64.180.97.29 (Tue, 19 Oct 2004 12:42:09 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2004 12:42:09 MDT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:19773


"Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com> wrote in message 
news:1098204912.065727.152350@z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com...
>
> The Hollows, Sewers, and Catacombs expeditions in Omens include
> instanced content between levels 45 and 70 filled with experience mobs
> and the occasional rare beast holding a bag of shiny loot.
>
> One thing lacking in these expeditions is any sort of plot, story,
> quest, or purpose aside from general hunting.

    That's not true. But the average player would have no idea that's not 
true, as the quests require exceptionally high faction with a group one 
starts KOS with or require one to visit a specific NPC in Riftseeker's. When 
I think of the number of tradeskill items and quest items that rotted in 
Murkglider Hollows because of lack of knowledge it makes me cringe.

> These dungeons could
> have included plots and story lines, boss mobs, point-based loot
> systems, or even Kael-like armor quests instead of simply being more
> experience content.

    If you have sufficient faction, there are class-based armour quests with 
the Dragorn NPCs that yields armour just shy of elemental quality. As an 
example, the Ranger pieces from these quests: 
http://lucy.allakhazam.com/itemlist.html?searchtext=Sunrider - great stuff, 
great foci, just a wee bit low on HP/MANA to be elemental.

> Add a quest, add a story or purpose, or add a new
> loot system and these dungeons become a lot more fun.  And please, no
> more rats, bats and spiders.

    If you'd gone through GoD, where every zone had the same muramite models 
in it, you'd know how happy raiders are to see rats, bats, and spiders! For 
tradeskill reasons I wish there were more ferans and bazu.

> The Omens task system could be the future of quests in Everquest.  All
> of the tools are there to help players accomplish quests and travel
> across Norrath.  While the current quest options are limited, scripted
> encounters and continuing story lines could take players through
> exciting quests far different from what we're used to.  Add scripted
> and locked encounters, add an overarching story line, add more rewards
> than just cash and experience, and you will create a strong new quest
> system in Everquest for all levels.  Include quests for level 68 and
> above.  All players should have the option to perform tasks.

    Tasks are currently very weak. The reward is rarely in line with the 
effort, and the quests can infrequently (at best) be done solo by those who 
can't solo normally. There's not much point to the tasks being unsoloable if 
they're presented as an alternative for those who can't get a group.

> Omens brings a much improved spell system over Gates of Discord and
> Planes of Power.  The Muramite Rune system ensures players never
> receive duplicate spells.  Players may trade and sell level 66, 67, and
> 68 spell runes and already the obnoxious prices in the bazaar plummet.
> I predict rune prices will hit the reasonable10k mark by the end of
> November.

    I predict you'll be wrong. ;-) Demand is just huge, and supply is pretty 
low. A lot of the people you see selling runes don't have all their spells 
yet, they're just hoping to cash in now and buy the spells later when the 
price gets lower. So it's not a sign of sated demand, it's a sign of delayed 
demand.

> While players can reach level 70 in dozens of areas, they must now
> travel to either Muramite Proving Grounds or Riftseekers, two very
> difficult zones for non-raid equipped players, and hope they get lucky
> on a drop and lucky again on a roll.

    I have seen level 69 spells drop from normal nameds in Wall of 
Slaughter. I have heard others see level 69 and 70 spells drop in Ruined 
City of Dranik. There are alternatives to MPG/Riftseeker's, which is good 
because while MPG is casual-friendly Riftseeker's certainly is not.

> SOE can improve this in two ways.  Add in a quest that lets players
> receive their first rune at each level.  Make the quest more than just
> rare drops on rare mobs.  Remove the no-drop flag on 69 and 70 runes so
> players can sell these runes in the bazaar like the others.

    There's a large number of raid mobs in lower-end zones which drop level 
69 and 70 runes. These raid mobs are tuned to a lower-end guild. Right now, 
it's top-end guilds that are farming them because we're the only ones 
willing to try to kill them, but as word gets out more small guilds will 
farm them for loot and runes. (I'm thinking of the mobs in Noble's Causeway 
when I say this.)

> When the whole focus-item quagmire hit a couple of months ago, we heard
> that Focus 5 items would be more available than the focus items we saw
> in Planes of Power.  While decent focus gear seems to drop regularly in
> Wall of Slaughter, the drops in Ruined City of Dranik and Muramite
> Provingrounds, both harder zones than the Wall of Slaughter, drop few
> items with focus or combat effects.  Add more focus and combat effects
> to equipment in Ruined City of Dranik, Muramite Provingground, and the
> Ruined City expeditions.

    The quested class armour has all the type V foci, and in addition the 
crafted augments can have type V foci placed on them. I feel the augments, 
specifically the items used to improve the augments (Dust of Discord and 
Discordant Scoriae), are much too rare. The dev in charge of them feels that 
the drop rate is appropriate, though, given the "great power of the 
effects". If players wanted to start a complaint campaign, that's one area 
to focus on.

> In order to have any shot at new spells or gear in Omens, you have to
> hunt for at least four hours.

    No. You need to know what you are doing. Let me give you an example:

    Ruined City of Dranik. Sam Deathwalker posted a spoiler map to a number 
of class sites showing exactly where certain named mobs spawn in the zone. 
With invisibility you can run between spawn points without mishap. The 
nameds are fairly weak mobs - myself (70 CLR), a guild 70 WAR, and his 
second box elementally-geared 69 DRU can kill them without any worry. That 
group I just listed was able to keep four named spawn points clear every 20 
minutes, which is the approximate respawn time. Nameds there seem to have a 
1 in 5 chance to pop. Result? Three nameds in two hours, yielding three 90 
HP/MANA items, a minor rune, and a lesser rune. Nobody else even zoned into 
the zone during that two hour time period except for one person who popped 
his head in for a minute or two. Where were the other groups? A full spoiler 
is posted and still people aren't there? A full group could have got every 
member of the group something in that two hours - we had to leave two nameds 
up because we had no way of clearing to them in a reasonable time frame.

> In that time you may see two to three
> named mobs and may have a 50% shot at winning something.

    Players also need to know what items have value. For example, I was in a 
group in Muramite Proving Grounds. Nobody valued the magnetic armour drops, 
so I looted them. That night I sold 100 K worth of smithed magnetic armour, 
all collected during that one play session. There's all sorts of tradeskill 
items that people like myself would pay a few K for if people knew to loot 
them and sell them.

> More important than the loot system, however, is a sense of an urgent
> adventure, one that requires us to fight fast and hard towards a single
> goal.  These exist deeper in Omens with the Muramite Provinground
> trials, but few will see these Ikkinz level expeditions any time soon.

    There are trials beatable by less-than-top-end groups. If the spoilers 
were out, people would be flocking to those specific trials. In general, 
however, you are right - there are no timed or time-sensitive missions.

    James




