From 5425812011242476205
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,68f564372d10d847,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-15 14:07:54 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "James" <jamesgrahame@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Bind Point idea.
Lines: 85
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 4.72.3110.1
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Message-ID: <hlBe7.47831$uM6.6312540@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Wed, 15 Aug 2001 20:55:41 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.72.152
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 997908941 216.232.72.152 (Wed, 15 Aug 2001 14:55:41 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 15 Aug 2001 14:55:41 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:107698

    I've had this stupid idea in my head for a few weeks now, and although I
know nothing will ever change concerning bind points and binding I wanted to
get it out of my system and mention it anyways.

THE IDEA:

    When a character dies, instead of being sent back to their bind point
they are instead sent to a pre-determined spot in a neighbouring zone (my
suggestion, the zone line back to the zone where death took place). All
other effects on death (XP loss, items still on corpse) would remain the
same. The "death point" for each zone would be hardcoded - if you died in
South Karana, say, I'd know exactly where you would re-pop.

REASON FOR THE IDEA:

     The melee bind point issue. Specifically, I feel it directly
contributes to the serious under-utilization of many zones. No good-race
tank is going to go to Upper Guk or Sol A to do anything but farm if they
know that death means a run from Freeport. Corpse retrievals are an
important part of the death penalty, and a challenge that players should be
able to overcome. Corpse RUNS across several green zones are nothing more
than pointless drudgery that punish players for selecting a non-Binding
class.

OTHER FEATURES INTRODUCED WITH THE IDEA:

(1) Bind-point rushing becomes impossible as a strategy. At best, a caster
would have to Gate and zone again to bind-point rush a mob.
(2) Death loops are made near-impossible. Unless X zones send dead players
in a loop to each other (which will have to happen, pidgeonhole principle)
AND hostile mobs are at the "death points", a loop just cannot happen.
(3) The CR values of rogues and necromancers would be greatly enhanced. As
it is now, a necromancer needs to wait for a player to get back to the zone
where death took place to be able to summon a corpse. Under this system, the
player would be with the necro after death. Rogues, likewise, usually have
to run back to the point of death before being able to pull a party out.
Here, nobody needs to wait for the rogue to get back to the zone where death
took place.
(4) Gating and placement of Bind points becomes a more serious tactical
issue. Take the cleric: at present, a cleric MUST bind near the zone they
plan to adventure in, to be present for any CR. Thus, in the event of
trouble, Gating is always a solution to escape. If the cleric knew they
would be nearby if they died anyways, they would be more tempted to put the
bind point in a place that would cut down on travel to services (like in EC,
or a town) - but then they couldn't Gate out of trouble with impunity. Note
that now there is a very strong incentive for casters to bind in TOWNS,
which was desired in the first place.

MODIFICATIONS REQUIRED TO MAKE THE IDEA WORKABLE:

(1) Any player of low enough level to not lose XP on death should instead be
sent back to their bind point upon death. This is supposed to be a workable
death penalty system, not Greyhound.
(2) (Optional) Zones accessable by boat only should somehow have the death
point be within the zone. Most neighbouring zones to boat zones have
possibly hostile NPCs at docks, and being forced to wait for a boat greatly
defeats the purpose of the feature. Placement of death points should be done
as to avoid death loops at all costs.

METHOD USED TO PLACATE CASTERS FOR LOSS OF VALUE OF BINDING:

    Make Bind Affinity the same level as that caster's Gate spell. So INT
casters will get Bind Affinity at level 4, and WIS-casters will get it at
level 5. This will allow them to use Bind/Gate as it will be used after this
change, primarily as a travel shortcut effect. Some consideration was given
to also compensating the porting classes for loss of importance. But
considering the vastly reduced number of "Port for CR/SoW for CR" requests
those classes would get, I imagine they won't mind TOO much. ;-)

STRONGEST DOWNSIDE TO THE IDEA:

    At present, dead rogues can retrieve lockpicks when in town if their
corpses are behind locked doors. Under the new implementation, a rogue would
have to go to a city to get lockpicks, then come back to the dungeon. Given
that locked areas are supposed to present extra difficulty, and given the
advantage to the rogue in the other 98% of the zones they might enter, I'm
sure they won't mind too much either. ;-)

    So, is this idea nuts? I KNOW it'll never change in EQ, but as a feature
for some future MMORPG, would it be  workable?

    James





