From -5510250522303152138
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b34499730a731c4f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!proxad.net!193.252.118.146.MISMATCH!news.wanadoo.fr!news.wanadoo.fr!not-for-mail
From: "Jason Hawryluk" <jh@3gcomm.fr>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: [EQ Live] Why do we play the way we do? 
Date: Sun, 30 Jan 2005 14:23:25 +0100
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1478
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1478
Lines: 217
Message-ID: <41fcdf6a$0$2175$8fcfb975@news.wanadoo.fr>
Organization: les newsgroups par Wanadoo
NNTP-Posting-Host: 193.248.199.98
X-Trace: 1107091307 news.wanadoo.fr 2175 193.248.199.98:1787
X-Complaints-To: abuse@wanadoo.fr
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:30740

IMHO Sony/Verant on line has given us the world and the tools to make EQ
Live a great game. Why do we always attack them instead of looking at how we
play and perceive the game? I have to imagine that the original developers
of the game did not mean for it to turn out as it has. But who is at fault?



We post:



Complaints about class balancing (though some are good points)

Complaints about Immersion (though some are good points)

Sony killed EQ Live

EQ Live is dead

EQ Live has lost its player base.

Etc. Etc.



A quote from the immersion post "The developers will never fathom the
"charm" or "immersion" element." IMO neither have we.



Quote from same post "EQ1 in its infancy was more about role-play and
IMMERSION"



IMO "IMMERSION" is what you make it.



I do not play EQ2 but from reading various posts about it one of the best
things they have done is separate the "Good" from the "Evil" and enforced
that separation. If Evil wishes to cross over he/she can with a quest.



In EQ Live we have the tools to do this, but we are unable, or too much in a
hurry to do so.



Why is it that everyone complains yet no one role-plays, as they should?

Why would a Wood Elf be hunting in the land of the Dark Elves and/or vice
versa?

Why Would a Good High elf cleric heal or buff an Evil Necro?

Why do I always see the Good races/classes grouped with the Evil
races/classes?



We the players have turned EQ Live into what it is today. The game is open
to evolve how we decide.



EQ Live #1 biggest strength over all others is it's ability to be molded as
we se fit. You are not spoon feed (as some would put it). We have "Choice".



But



We choose XP and Plat racing.

We choose to speak Common instead of Elven or Barbarian etc.

We choose to let a Wood Elf hunt in Paineel. Or a Necro to hunt near
Surefall Glade. Killing bears and the like.

We choose to not role-play.

We choose to allow Good to group with Evil and Evil to group with Good.

We choose to level up as fast as possible instead of mastering all your 1hs,
hand to hand, 1hb etc. skills.



In short we choose to be lazy.




IMO Role-playing is what is lacking. If everyone bought in then the game
would indeed come back to life.



For example a Wood Elf in a hostile land.



If seen/found he would be announced to everyone in the zone, then the other
players would/should badger him back out (in a role-playing fashion not
harassing) I.E.



Player Good: Level 20 Wood Elf Ranger looking for a group.

Player Evil #1: Be gone vial creature your kind are not welcome here!

Player Evil #2: If you do not leave our land's you will be looking for your
corpse!!

Player Evil #3: Anyone for wood elf stew?

Player Evil #4 & 5: Challenge you to a duel?



Hence receives a mass of shouts to the point where he get's the idea he
should not be there. Any evil race or class would of course never group with
him.



Everyone has something to say about class balancing, but would they be
balanced if we role-played? If we play the game the way it was meant to be
played?



Good group with Good

Evil group with Evil



Scenario #2



Evil group see's good group camping, they approach and the groups are about
even. Mass duel issues etc...



The world is ours to build we have everything to do so. XP and Plat is one
small part of the game yet it has become the biggest.



If we are following the story line.



We should be rising up, the good forces against the evil; this is the kind
of stuff that should be being done.



Prepare for battle or the world of Norath shall be lost to the forces of
evil. Get some Mass Guild Raids over to where they are gathering. Get into
the role-playing of the game. That is what the story lines are for. I see
all this as a Very Big turning point in the world of Norath. Huge changes
will come.



Why are evil races grouped so often with the good? Why is it that everyone
complains about the immersion yet no one role-plays as they should? POK and
some other zones should be neutral zones, but a Wood Elf hunting in the land
of the Dark Elves?



IMO The game was designed to be a Evil vrs Good role-playing (I say this
based on the NPC KOS Factor in cities). But we have choosen it to be
Everyone against NPC's



Somthings that could be asked of Sony



Make a couple of zones PVP.

Balance the good and evil.

Work on the role-playing asspects of the game



We own the game not Sony. The world is our oyster.



Remember before flaming that this is only my opinion and how I perceive
things...Therefore I could be wrong



See you in POK, I am of to Oasis ;)



Jason






