From 9144481101533431278
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,87a5d80c0dcdc2b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-24 03:20:58 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newspeer1.nwr.nac.net!nntp.cifnet.net!news-out1.nntp.be!propagator2-sterling!news-in-sterling.newsfeed.com!newsfeed.iinet.net.au!newsfeed.iinet.net.au!freenews.iinet.net.au!not-for-mail
From: "James Hicks" <nospam@forme.please>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: EasyQuest
Date: Fri, 24 Oct 2003 20:16:54 +1000
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Lines: 100
Message-ID: <3f98fc22$0$23592$5a62ac22@freenews.iinet.net.au>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.217.25.250
X-Trace: 1066990627 freenews.iinet.net.au 23592 203.217.25.250
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:4209

I bought LoY the other night. Reason? Some guildies accidentally spawned
Inny in nadox with a single group and only managed to take him down to 90%
before the showed them the door. Everyone's favorite SK would've been good
for a CR so I went and downloaded LoY, unfortunately the download took an
hour and 20 mins so they got someone else.

Now I have *the* expansion I never wanted to pay for. I'm sure I'll find a
use for it somewhere along the line. Let's see

1) Charm. Already had a blank pop charm with a blank LDoN aug on it. Hmm.
2) Maps: Hated the idea from day one. Travel, the dangers of travel, fear of
getting lost, the actuality of getting lost and needing help from others
used to be part of the whole feel of EQ. EQ has less feel without them. A
map with a "you are here" cursor isn't very medieval fantasy to me.
3) Spells. The LoY SK spells are such that I wouldn't bother buying them
from a vendor, let alone questing them.
4) Zones. Apparrently my guild might be raiding in LoY zones at some stage.
Other than that I haven't heard anything interesting whatsoever.
5) Dyes! My shiny bright white helmet is now more appropriately blood red...
I would never have paid for this service. I don't buy EQ equipment or plat
with real money, why pay to change the colour?
6) some more bank slots to put empty bags in when I get around to it
7) LFG tool nobody seems to use. Hell, turning the old fashioned LFG on is
generally a waste of time...
8) Guild management tool I haven't even looked at yet. Why are we paying for
interface improvements and feature fixes?

Anyhow, that's one thing. The point of today's rant tho, which LoY has a
little to do with, is EasyQuest. Reading the proposed changes for the next
patch, for example the "start with 200 in sense heading", made me come to a
realisation. The real kicker was the bag, and the reasons given for
supplying starting characters with a container.

What I realised is this. Sony has had feedback from users who have *bought*
EQ, started a character, totally not drawn the dots, not seen the pony, not
had a clue what they were doing and quit. Then probably taken the terrible
game back to the store and demanded a refund.

So all of these things...... making travelling so easy that even a
three-second-attention-span videogamer can pull it off.... almost totally
eliminating the getting lost factor.... completely trivialising the
inventory learning curve (not that I recall there being one?)... making the
early game so ludicrously trivial a 6yo child would reach level 10 and
probably much further... seriously trivialising the 5-25 game...
trivialising CR in most of the zones people play in now...

They're changing EQ into EasyQuest. The game anyone can play.

To fit the mood with everything else about now, I'm of two minds on this.

1) This is good. More n00bs buying into the game and starting new characters
means that the death clock on EQ's existence is getting extensions. So the
day where you log in and can't get a group cos only 6 other people are on
your server is further off. Also, n00bs are good cos who else do we show off
our ubah gear to? Who will we rescue from the bottom of dungeons if there
aren't any new players? Oh wait, nobody gets stuck at the bottom of dungeons
anymore.

2) This is bad. The *Best* times I ever had in EQ were before I even had
Kunark. Original EQ.

    Me and a bunch of friends started out around freeport (Some us started
further afield but we had a level 30 wizzy friend who ported and bound us
all in freeport so we could play together) and jesus did we ever have a
ball. The wizzy friend also gave me and the pally *fine steel* weapons. I
had a fine steel scimitar, the pally had a fine steel 2h sword. I bought my
first container, and it was a big deal. I showed it off to my friends. They
were jealous.

    I started a small business using my Fletching skill. I sold Rough
Hickory Recurve bows to other low levels in the freeport and east commons
area for 3pp each. I made an absolute fortune doing this, and discovered
that sending a polite, personal tell to appropriate potential clients always
got a polite response and about 1/3 bought. Many didn't have the money - I
let them know about plague rat tails and they usually bought within 20mins.
I had a lot of people farming plague rat tails in the newbie zone for me.
Things got even cooler when I moved onto the Elm bows.

    We had a terrible time escorting our new Halfling ranger from the
dreaded Kithikor Woods to the commons. West commons were challenging enough,
Kith wiped us repeatedly. Eventually we learned to avoid the night, but we
still got lost. None of us had ever been to eversmile before so we didn't
know where the entrance was, just a vague idea that it was "on the other
side of the forest". The heart pumping terror of that wood is something no
game had previously given me and nothing, not EQ and nothing else has done
since. It also took our Dark Elf cleric some time to work her way out of
Nektulos forest and find the commons. Once there though, we were golden.

    We learned to group at Orc1, then moved onto derv camps. But the most
fun I ever had in EQ was when this cute little group wandered Befallen,
which at the time I think had a 10% bonus ZEM not the bigger one it
apparently now has. In terms of experience, it wasn't worth a trip. But we
had loads of fun.

Anyhow, this post is long enough. You probably get the picture... they've
effectively made new characters skip the bits of the game that I enjoyed the
most. That's what I'm getting at :>>





