From -5995427039563960952
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b099085869765d2f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-17 15:34:06 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!hub1.nntpserver.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!hekyl.ab.tac.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <u4ef9v2c8fbi86@corp.supernews.com>
Subject: Re: Cleric dreaming of ToV gear
Lines: 143
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <KbJ18.47751$O3.9883492@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Thu, 17 Jan 2002 23:34:02 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.72.216
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 1011310442 216.232.72.216 (Thu, 17 Jan 2002 16:34:02 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 17 Jan 2002 16:34:02 MST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:157932


"Scott T. Jensen" <stj@home.com> wrote in message
news:u4ef9v2c8fbi86@corp.supernews.com...
>
> Just made 53rd level as a cleric.  Currently leveling in Velks.  Did Hate
> and Fear raids.  Was aiming to get Hate cleric-only armor.  However, in
> talking to higher-level clerics when I was 49th level, they said to not
> bother with Plane of Hate or especially the bad-faction-getting Plane of
> Growth.  They recommended I simply focus on leveling until I'm at least
53rd
> level and then get into ToV raids.

    Avoiding Hate is a bad idea. Cleric armour drops fairly often up there,
and even after the pieces you'll get are outdated many of them still
function reasonably well as resist gear. I wouldn't stay until I got a full
suit, though.

    Avoiding PoG seems to be a good idea. The faction is an issue, and the
armour isn't much better than Hate armour (except for AC and HPs). Really,
at that stage you'd be better off doing raids on Kael (if going
Thurg/Skyshrine) or Western Wastes (if going Kael).

> What level should a cleric be to do ToV?  Some say 51.  Some say 53.  Some
> say 55.  Some even say 57.  All have said that cleric can be the lowest
> member in a raid.  As one put it "all you do is heal and buff".  What's
your
> level recommendation for clerics for ToV?  Please give rational for your
> recommendation.

    If there aren't other clerics with res sticks, you want to be 56. Some
players will not accept your res after a wipeout if all you have is the 49
res. For healing, 53 is the minimum - you really need Divine Light to be
effective. For buffing, if you have level 60 clerics then they'll be doing
most of the cleric buffs. Being level 54 (for Symbol of Marzin) would be
fairly useful, as casters usually get PotG from a druid and Symbol will
stack with that. So I'll say 54 if you have res sticks coming along, 56
otherwise. I've seen lower-level clerics in ToV, but truth be told the tanks
all prefer the higher clerics.

> What about resist gear?  Some say I should have at least 100 in all my
> resists.  Some say I should have 100 in at least Magic, Fire, and Cold.

    The first is closer to the truth, as there's many types of breath
weapons in ToV. Ask someone who raids on the faction you're going to be on
what resists he usually relies on. Note that those 100 scores are UNBUFFED.
Also note that the higher level you are, the lower those resists can be
without making a difference.

> Some say that mages can
> give summoned resist items thus don't worry about it and just make sure
> there's a mage in the raid and ask them for the stuff (one of them being a
> shoulder item).

    Mages can give you some items. Still worry about it. Items like Blue
Diamond jewelry and Crowns of the Froglok Kings give a lot of resists for
just using up one slot, if you're worried about keeping your WIS/MANA high.

> People talk about building up faction for ToV.  They tell me to hunt
giants
> in Kael.  I've already done one raid there.  Others tell me that different
> parts of ToV require different faction and that different gear drops in
> these different parts.  Which gear is the best for clerics (Halfling if
that
> matters) in ToV, where does it drop, and what faction is needed for it?

    In ToV, raw quest items drop, very much like the corroded armour you may
have seen drop in Kael. You take these quest pieces, and turn them in to
quest NPCs in the appropriate Velious city with three quest gems to get the
armour piece. There are three "wings" to ToV: North, West, and East. North
is the playground of the BIG stuff - you won't be going there. Mobs in the
East wing drop the quest pieces for the Skyshrine armour (dragon faction
needed), and mobs in the West wing drop the quest pieces for the Kael armour
(giant faction needed).

    Which is best for a cleric? On almost all pieces, Skyshrine is better.
It has more HPs/MANA/resists/WIS, in general. Kael armour has higher AC, and
is usually considered to be the best tank armour. But both have stats that
will make your jaw drop. :-)

> In Velks, gems drop and people talking about needing them for SS and Kael
> armor.  Do the ToV gear need gems too?

    Yes, this is exactly what they're talking about. The good news is that
all quest armour in Velious (Thurg, Kael, Skyshrine) is such that the same
gems are needed for the same class/slot. To illustrate, it doesn't matter
whether you have the quest piece for a Thurg bracer, Kael bracer, or
Skyshrine bracer, all three quest NPCs will also ask you for three Crushed
Opals. The way the quest drops in Kael/ToV work, the quest drop can be used
by all classes of a given armour type. Again to illustrate, if a corroded
plate bracer drops in Kael, then clerics, bards, warriors, paladins, and
shadow knights can all use it to complete their bracer quest. Gems are
divided into melee-class quest gems, priest-class quest gems, and INT-caster
class quest gems (you are a priest class). Some gems are shared by two types
of classes. I'll list the gems you'll see drop off the spiders that YOU
require:

    Crushed Opals (for your bracers)
    Crushed Lava Rubies (for your gloves)
    Crushed Flame Emeralds (for your boots - melee-classes use these for
their bracers, so they're quite sought after)
    Crushed Onyx Sapphires (for your helm - INT-casters use these for their
bracers, so they're fairly sought-after)

    Other gems that you require are Black Marbles (breastplate), Chipped
Onyx Sapphires (one of arms or legs, can never remember which), and Jaundice
Gems(the other of arms or legs).

> Also, where's a list that tells which Velks
> gems are quest gems and which are vendor?

    I have a nice list at home, but I'm not at home. The Safehouse will
likely have a list in their Library section. I can list the Crushed gems
that are quest gems, though (spiders only drop Crushed gems, and then only
the transparent types of spiders will drop gems):

    The four listed above, Crushed Topaz (melee/INT-caster gloves), Crushed
Flame Opal (INT-caster helm), Crushed Black Marble (melee boots), Crushed
Coral (melee helm), Crushed Jaundice Gem (INT-caster boots).

> Additionally, if ToV gear does
> require gems, where's a list that tells which gems for which gear item and
> how does this gem-into-gear process work?

    Like I said, the quest NPC will ask for the appropriate drop from
Kael/ToV and three of the given quest gem. The cleric quest NPC in Thurg is
the lady on the stage in the chapel where the Grand Historian is giving a
sermon (she's on the left as you come in). Chapel is the building past the
paladin guild, where the library is. Talk to her for a bit, and you'll find
out all about how things work.

> Are ToV raids much different from Hate, Fear, or Kael raids?  If so, how
so?

    A lot more emphasis on resists, because of the AoE attacks dragons have.
There are places where you can "hide" from breath weapons (they are
line-of-sight), but inevitably something is pulled/aggroed a little too far
into camp and you get roasted. Other than that, from your perspective it'll
be very similar to other raids. Good luck!

    James





