From -2322142919274967051
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,69b1a256795f7e1d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-24 01:48:11 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: To die or not to die
Date: Sun, 24 Mar 2002 04:50:10 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C9DA152.A96F311C@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <KBGdPPN4NvJpvAY+zQDyfzfLuwWe@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 51
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:179080

Tonad wrote:
> I was playing my lvl 13 cleric grouped in a derv camp in NRo when the
> puller made a bad pull. Of course we all died. 

<megasnip>
> I want to hear from people and what their opinions are on this issue.
> Should a cleric, knowing that the MOB pulled in can easily wipe out
> the group, help out even if it means the death of the cleric? 

Don't sweat the small stuff (though I know it certainly doesn't *feel*
small at this point) in terms of cleric survival. This will all change
later on. You are in a "golden class" in terms of survivability.

The roles of the classes get more defined as you go higher in level. At
the low teens, they are barely starting to form. In ten more levels,
you'll see mostly monks as pullers, and once they get their Feign Death
skill up, you'll (hopefully) see less and less massive overpulls and
wipeouts. The roles of the others begin to sharpen and take on
definition as well.

As you move up in levels, gain more experience (in game, experience, not
XP points) and, more importantly, being *playing with* more experienced
players, these things will change for your role and the meat shields as
well. Tanks will learn that part of their lot in life is to bravely
stand and die while they give the casters a chance to get out alive,
particularly the cleric. With the recent spell changes, you either have
(or will shortly have) a rez spell, yes? Granted, it may not give the
fallen any xp back yet, but it will summon them to their corpse from
their bind point, saving them a long, tedious run. So, you might try
explaining to them that keeping you alive will get them back in the
action faster in the event of a bad pull/TPW.

As others have mentioned, the day will come in some more remote zones
where you will be asked to move to a "safe area" and sit and camp while
the others die. Often, other casters (and a rogue or monk) will be asked
to do the same along with you. This is just so you folks can live to
pull the bodies of the fallen to your location so you can rez them all
back into the action.

Hang in there. It get's better. As a warrior, I have travelled almost
exclusively with my wife's cleric since I was 35 and she was 25. We are
now both 55. And if you take a look at our logs, even with ten more
levels than me to "screw up" during our many travels, I believe I have
easily got better than eight deaths for her every one death.  It's just
the way of the world, and it will work to your benefit. Good luck.
-- 
jaZZ md
*******
"My dear, I don't care what they do, so long as they don't do it in the
street and scare the horses. "
- Beatrice Campbell


