From -966730666914199807
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9eef953b5f673f6d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-09-24 22:39:43 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!newsfeed.earthlink.net!stamper.news.pas.earthlink.net!stamper.news.atl.earthlink.net!newsread2.news.atl.earthlink.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F727F9E.C9651366@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <anniebenlen@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: I traded Lenny in.
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 101
Date: Thu, 25 Sep 2003 05:39:42 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 63.157.28.52
X-Complaints-To: abuse@earthlink.net
X-Trace: newsread2.news.atl.earthlink.net 1064468382 63.157.28.52 (Thu, 25 Sep 2003 01:39:42 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 25 Sep 2003 01:39:42 EDT
Organization: EarthLink Inc. -- http://www.EarthLink.net
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:301627


    Well, sorta.  Lenny has considered a warrior to be his main for over
a year now, on a couple of different servers.  He liked that he just
mindlessly walked up to stuff and started whaling (sp?) on it.  Easy,
neat and simple. 

     But, there was a hitch developing. His 46th level ogre warrior on
FV was the highest character he had ever had, but he was getting less
and less happy with how it was going.  He saw that a variety of other
tank like classes could easily take agro from him, even if they were
younger than he, and there wasn't a damned thing he could do about it. 
Also, he had been playing with a few of the testbuff characters he has
on Test sever.  He found himself enjoying the additional abilities that
his Beastlord and Shadowknight had.  A month or so ago, he told me that
if he had to it over again, his main would be a BL or SK.

    This weekend, we both dinged 46, and entered the Plane of
Tranquility for the first time.  We also went to the Plane of Justice,
just to look around, not to hunt.  It felt a bit odd to both of us.  Our
first planar guild raid, to air, was due this coming Saturday, and we
were interested in the adventure.  But it did drive it home to us... If
he continued to develop Lenny the warrior past this point, there was a
very real chance he always be stuck with a main that he found less and
less fun to play.  He spoke often saying things like if knew then what
he knew now, he would not be the class that he is.  He wanted to be
something different.

   I was all in favor of him rerolling.  I could tell he was staying a
warrior out of a sense of duty, rather than fun.  I encouraged him to
reroll.  He had several arguments against it lined up.  "It would take
too long to level back to the point where I am now, where I've worked so
hard to get".  I countered that with my being dedicated to PL'ing him,
we could get him there in less than three weeks if we really wanted to.
"I would have to max out all my skills again."  Yep.  Those will take
care of themselves, you know how to max out your skills.  "Lots of
people know me already here."  You're not going anywheres.  You're still
role-playing the exact same character, except that he's decided that
since his wife and daughter know magic, it might be fun to know some
too.  He was silent for a second, then started saying the other things
he was thinking of "WEll, with a SK I would get snare, dots, a pet. 
Better ways to get agro... and Harmtouch is fun!"  He started to give
more and more reasons why he wanted to be something other than a
warrior.  Then he asked me... "Do you want me to do this?"

   I know that the pc answer would have been to say "I want you to do
whatever will make you happiest, and I will support you either way". 
But I also knew that the answer he really wanted from me was a simple
"Yes, I do.  Give me your gear and reroll right now.".  Which is what I
said.  I fully expect that some people out there will think to
themselves "I bet that's what she always thinks when she nags him into
doing something."  There's really no effect way for me to counter that
thought, other than to point out that we're been together for over 18
years, and I believe I have a pretty good idea of what goes on in his
head.  Anyways, this gives him an out.  If he regrets the decision, he
can always rationalize that "I made him do it".  

   This was Tuesday night. It felt a bit weird to see him hit delete on
Lenny, a character he had worked so hard on.  I know that this is just a
fictional character, and that my husband really wasn't going anywhere,
but it really felt like I was losing him in some sense.  I urged him to
hurry up and dump his stats on his new ogre shadowknight and JUST HURRY
so that no one could create a character and "steal" his name.  He dumped
every spare point into stamina, and typed in the name "Lenny".  We were
both a bit relieved when it was accepted.  He later told me that if it
hadn't been, he would have petitioned.  Well, I don't know what good
that would have done, and if he lost his name, I would be hearing about
it for a while.  Once in the game, he picked his old face, then put on
the vast majority of his old armor.  One thing he really wanted to do
was dye himself black, which he felt was essential for a SK.  He decided
on dark grey, so the details on his armor weren't lost, and I have to
say he looks very nice indeed (before he was dyed a dark red, a color he
felt was important for a warrior to be).  He matched me better now, I
think, because I am also dyed dark grey, and have grey hair too, which
is obviously a good choice when riding around on a bright green
drogmar.  Style wise, we are too cool for school.


   So, is a SK/Cleric combo as viable as a War/Cleric?  And are SK's
really more attractive in the higher end game as we believe?  Our guild
leader seemed a bit bummed that the guild's highest level warrior
rerolled, but since we have only been in the guild a week, I can't say
that I overly care what he thinks.  His main point seemed to be that
"Raids need warriors".  I countered "Well, it might need one."  
Anyways, the vast majority of Lenny's time is not spent on raids, but
rather on duoing with me.
--
Annie

To join the alt.games.everquest chat channel type /join
serverwide.age:age 
If you want to stayed joined, then after that type /autojoin
serverwide.age:age

Currently playing:
Teapray-- 46 High Elf Cleric on Firiona Vie

Lentea-- 31 Ogre Beastlord On Firiona Vie

--
If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write
me.


