From -730912566066173107
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ad8341f8da5486ce,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-14 10:43:28 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: LDoN adventure adjustments
Date: Tue, 14 Oct 2003 12:43:36 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <vooddvereqh952@corp.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2727.1300
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 67
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:2420

I think SOE did a rather good job rolling out LDoN, despite the quick
patching they've had to do so far. I'm certainly enjoying the expansion a
lot, it's really reinvigorated my interest in EQ. Still, they do have some
obvious balance issues to address, and the opportunity to build on the new
game structure that LDoN introduces.

The existing dungeons need some further adjusting:

-- the slaughter missions are too easy right now, especially compared to the
other types. Some LDoN groups decline all other mission types, which really
reduces the playvalue of the expansion. SOE could either nerf the slaughter
missions a bit, or leave them as is but reduce the payoff (drops/exp), which
would have the effect of making slaughters into the "starter missions" in
which new players to learn the LDoN ropes.

-- the collect missions obviously need to be fixed -- a situation where a
random number generator sometimes makes mission success literally impossible
is just unacceptable. Hence right now many LDoN groups simply refuse all
collection missions.

-- the assassination missions need to be addressed, right now the target
mobs can vary too much in difficulty. Some are not much of a fight at all,
barely tougher than the other mobs in that dungeon; others are well beyond
the capacity of the single group that finds them. Variability is good, but
it's too muchso right now.

-- there needs to be more reward for players who adventure in all five
camps.
It's less fun for everyone if players feel compelled to specialize in one
place because that's where the best items for their class can be bought with
LDoN points. Right now the only reward for spreading your LDoN activity
around is getting your adventurer's stone to upgrade itself as an augment, a
reward which is both trivial and inscrutable. Perhaps a line of purchasable
items that require points in all the camps, or some specific combinations
(20 Mistmoore plus 50 Guk gets you ________).

-- an optional automated loot procedure would be real helpful. Maybe a
standard automated rolling rotation thing that all group members would have
to accept before entering the dungeon, which would automagically roll on all
no-drop items plus any other item on which the groupleader invoked it,
putting the item into the inventory of whoever won the automatic rolling.
Maybe two versions of this, one that is NBG (only rolls those classes that
can directly use the item), and one that isn't.


In terms of new content:

-- I've seen some really cool ideas posted on various boards for new
adventure types. Best would be if SOE picked one or two that add a whole new
element to LDoN adventuring, for example a mission type that requires the
group to split up, accomplish separate tasks, and then regroup. Or maybe one
that reverses the exercise: you first move through an empty dungeon finding
an item or NPC that then triggers the mobs, and you have to fight your way
_out_ (maybe you get X points for every member of your party who makes it
out alive? Bruto_the_beastlord shouts, "I'm rooted and I'm toast -- run for
it, the warder and I will hold 'em as long as we can, get the casters out
and we still get some points..."). Or whatever -- they've created the
structure here on which they can implement lots of fun new ways to play EQ.

-- would be nice if there was a LDoN camp in the Karanas area, and/or on
Luclin. Would open up possibilities for some new looks and layout.


====
Posted by Paul Botts, paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net




