From -7291883343229287559
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e4849fb1948cedba,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!prodigy.com!pd7cy2so!shaw.ca!pd7tw2no.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
X-Trace-PostClient-IP: 24.64.13.238
From: Ben Sisson <ilkhanikeDIESPAM@yahoo.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Veeshan's Peak: leet beta infoz!
Message-ID: <m45bf01klekf2icp67lothgjbim66et42m@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.553
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 122
Date: Wed, 14 Jul 2004 20:47:04 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.66.94.143
X-Complaints-To: abuse@shaw.ca
X-Trace: pd7tw2no 1089838024 24.66.94.143 (Wed, 14 Jul 2004 14:47:04 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 14 Jul 2004 14:47:04 MDT
Organization: Shaw Residential Internet
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:9750

Haha I always wanted to title a post that!

I'll avoid some specific spoilers in this but believe me if you want
to work all this out on your own, don't read any further.

Veeshan's Peak is meant for L65s who are looking for an alternate way
to gear up for GoD than raiding into elementals. However I would say
if you can manage it elementals are still better since there's so many
more mobs but this will be a godsend for smaller guilds incapable of
putting out the numbers for the worst fights before elementals (say
Rallos Zek).

GETTING IN

The new quest is two stages. The first stage depends on whether or not
you have (or are doing) the old key or the new key.

1a. The old key still works to get you through the first stage. Now
that Verix is soloable the only chokepoint on doing the old quest is
Trakanon, every other piece is soloable by every class at 65, and
Trakanon himself only takes one group maximum (he too could be
soloable if it weren't for his Trak touch targetted port).

1b. The new quest involves killing mobs in Howling Stones, Chardok,
and Sebilis and getting a drop from each. The Howling Stones drop is
random from any blue mob in the zone (it is fairly rare though, but
any 65 group can chew through that zone like crazy). The Chardok and
Sebilis drops come from specific named mobs that can pop at spawn
points that spawns only blue to 65 mobs. In Sebilis this can be
anywhere in the zone (but will mostly be in the shroom area and jug
area). In Chardok it is further limited to around the royals and near
the kennels. In both cases the named mob always has the drop (each
person keying needs it though). The named mob itself is actually quite
rowdy; a subelemental team will want a full group with probably
primary and backup healing to deal with the AE. Groups packing Time or
GoD gear will be in much better shape; its still advisable to bring a
plate tank though. These named mobs will be instantly obvious to any
tracker in either zone if they get in range of it.

There is a reward that differs depending on which of these keys you do
- an all slot augment. 15hp/mana for the new key, 30hp/mana for the
old.

2. To finish the key you have to defeat a raid mob. It's not all that
tough but its AE (it is a dragon) is fairly heavy. It was balanced to
be killable by a VT equipped raid of 48 people or so. Spawning him is
slightly more complex than a simple turnin for example but nothing too
serious. This mob drops a number (something like 48) of final key
pieces, it is not a flag.


INSIDE THE ZONE

The mobs in the zone are more or less the same as before, just
stronger. They are still on Ring of Scale faction (glad to see the
badasses of the dragon world really are the badasses of the dragon
world again). If you hosed your RoS faction you are in for a world of
pain in Mistmoore, though this may change (an alternate faction area
is being considered still). If you're non kos you can wander around
the zone safely (mostly).

Six of the surviving dragon members of the Ring of Scale are still in
Veeshan's Peak: Silverwing, Hoshkar, Xygoz, Druushk, Nexona, and the
leader Phara Dar (the ones that were in there before). All six give
quests if your faction is good enough. The quest rewards are
approximately elemental miniboss loot quality (135-140 hp) from the
five lesser members; Phara Dar's quest reward is elemental god
quality. These quests are actually quite easy; Phara's is the only one
that requires anything close to resembling a raid mob drop and that
only just barely (I am not going to spoil the quests here, it won't be
long before Allas has them anyways). So the six quest rewards (each
dragon has two, one for casters one for melee, which you can choose
from) is a pretty viable way of gearing up those slots.

However who wants to be friends with bunch of snotty lizards?

The zone is a great exp zone. There are three significant problems,
though.

1. There are a *lot* of wanderers. It'll be some time before people
can establish where is safe.

2. Respawn time remains very fast. Not "two minutes" fast but faster
than any elemental plane by far. This is a danger when raiding too.

3. Many of the mobs AE. Bring resists.

There are trash mob drops of about Hard LDoN quality, and named drops
of about named (one group) elemental quality. Also all the old VP
drops will drop in this fashion as well.

The exp was comparable to Earth, so very very good.

The dragons themselves have good loot tables including visible slot
pieces (including tunics!) that are otherwise fairly hard for people
trying to gear up in elemental planes to get. They are comparable
(though not exact) to elemental mold armor (except the tunics which
are comparable to the tunics dropped by the elemental gods, not the
gods in Time). IMO, the dragon's drops are better than the quest
rewards (but the quest rewards are better than the named in-zone
drops) so its a bit of a tradeoff. The five lesser dragons are pretty
tough raid mobs with neat tricks up their sleeves, but quite beatable
to any raid capable of beating say, Rallos Zek. Phara Dar was balanced
to be approximately equal to Xegony. (as an aside, the first new
version of Phara Dar had AEs stronger than Quarms... we got that toned
down :-p ) 

Six kills here will bottom out your faction from ally. If you decide
to kill here, know in advance that getting that faction back will be
nearly impossible.

This zone, as of last I was there, did *not* have a GY. Raids be
warned, wipes will be *nasty*.

That's all I can think of!

 
-- 

"War does not determine who is right - only who is left."

Bertrand Russell


