From -721566612370345674
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5dcc9c14f6330385
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-06-22 15:43:38 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!arclight.uoregon.edu!enews.sgi.com!news-out.superfeed.net!propagator2-maxim!news-in-maxim.spamkiller.net!news.he.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3EF630DB.3E0BF522@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Leaving a guild
References: <3EF3C0B1.A9B7D953@dejazzd.com> <slrnbfbeam.f5l.faned@wyld.qx.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 81
Date: Sun, 22 Jun 2003 22:47:06 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.30
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1056322026 66.109.254.30 (Sun, 22 Jun 2003 18:47:06 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 22 Jun 2003 18:47:06 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:289347



Faned wrote:

> <emporer@dejazzd.com> wrote:
> >
> > On the other hand, my shaman may be interested in looking into
> > some of the 50s' level guilds out there now, I've avoided the
> > guild invites I've gotten since I was just playing an alt and was
> > getting my fill of raiding on my cleric and bard anyway.
>
> Why do you want to join a guild anyway?  Just to have a chatroom?
>

To have a bunch of friends that get together and group with each other, rather
than random pickup groups.  To have people with an interest in improving each
other, instead of just themselves.  To go on raids, not constantly, but a lot,
and kill raid level targets by doing so.

Pipe dreams, you say?  Well I've been in that kind of guild.  I liked it.  Then
the guild changed, and eventually I left because of it.  Same with the guild I
just left; they started out as an extended family, and gradually turned into a
driven band of cutthroats.

Perhaps thats the natural evolution of guilds; as you get more powerful you
-must- get more focussed on the guild and progress, or stop progressing at
all.  I've seen what happens to guilds that don't progress at all; their
members get more powerful and decide to leave for greener pastures.

>
> I read through your whole tale, and I can tell what you don't want out of a
> guild.  You don't want a guild that raids.  You don't want a guild with any
> focus or purpose.  So that means you want a chatroom as far as I can tell.
> You know, you can keep IRC or ICQ open while playing EQ.  :)

When did I say I didn't want to raid?  I said I didn't want to raid NTOV with
my cleric (but I made a bard to do so).  I said I didn't want to raid
Emperor... well not really, I said I didn't want to farm for months to get the
key to -one- zone, don't see what stops us skipping that zone.

I also don't see why not wanting to raid two or three targets (Dain, Vex Thal)
should stop me from being a good guild member in general; I've always been
happy to raid or group on any target anyone needed or wanted to go after, with
only a few faction based exceptions and this one single tedium based exception.

Focus, purpose?  Is the purpose "kill Dain?"  Well they've done that, lets move
on.  "Kill LY?"  again, done and done.  Many times.  Heck, I got my bard up
high enough levels that he was able to come pitch in on that on a few runs.
Clear NTOV/WTOV?  They did that countless times while I was leveling the bard,
seem to be pretty much done with it.  Is Vex Thal the end all-be all of the
game?  Wow, I guess I miss out.  Seems to me a -lot- of high level people are
doing other stuff, but maybe they are fooling themselves, the game having ended
at Vex Thal.

I'd go with "improve everyone, explore new areas, gain power and skill as a
unit, and move into harder and harder areas" as focus and purpose more than
adequate to please me.  What I don't like is being told that any one given
target is the only thing we can possibly do next, and everyone has to do it
like it or not.  With flags, SOE introduced some content where that was
definately true.  But right up to flags, I really don't see anything in the
game that works that way; 75% of your guild getting past anything prior to that
would be more than adequate for the remainder to skip it if they like (and
probably will end up skipping it like it or not, since guilds don't seem to
stick to a target until every single person has every single drop they can use
out of a zone... if they did we'd all still be in Kael farming armor drops!)

And yes, I do want a chatroom open while playing EQ.  IRC and ICQ would be
useless for that purpose, OOC and Shout only reach the few random people in the
zone, serverwide.age comes closest, but the people in it don't tend to know the
other people I know and there's no easy way to get them all together.  I'd be
happy enough with a chat channel that all my friends always join whenever they
log on; even did that for a while back in the day, when some friends were in
one guild and others in another.. but that pretty much describes a guild.  And
the truth is, thats all a guild is, a chat system.  Whatever structure and
rules your guild has, they are player created, not a function of the guild
system inherent in the game itself.

Bergh





