From -3570711922798572793
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bd0338292e6a3d7c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-17 06:03:39 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!snoopy.risq.qc.ca!newsfeed.news2me.com!sn-xit-05!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: OWNED!!! WOOT!!!!
Date: Tue, 17 Sep 2002 07:48:32 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3D871690.5B2E7B81@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.79 [en] (Windows NT 5.0; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 77
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:231378

(Yes, there's a couple questions associated with this for you, but first
a story to possibly entertain you. If you don't want to bother with it,
skip to the last two paragraphs.)

Ah, the sweet taste of victory! Is there anything finer? And not just
*one* victory, no..... but FOUR glorious victories in under two hours!
Is this not the type of material from which legends are wrought?

Normally, at this point, most posters in this forum would be going on to
tell you about their guild's latest stunning achievement, with graphic
details and special attention paid to the key role they played in the
conquest.

Not this one.

The victor in these four battles was.... Gorenaire.  The victims in this
heroic saga? My guild.  I sure hope Gore savored the moment. We were the
ones who were "owned", and we were owned hard.

/sigh

Last night I'm grinding xp in Skyfire as usual (after waving to Ben
Sisson as he dashed by. :-p ) when I see in guild chat that our chief MA
and Warlord has discovered Gore up in DL. He's already got "some
friends" with him, but is calling for some reinforcements in key classes
and is going to take a shot at her.

Now, mind you, we've already done Fay and Talendor, so I'm thinking
Gore's not going to be a problem. And not having manaburn, I'm far from
a key class, so I wish them luck and get on with my slaying of various
Skyfire beasties.

Pretty soon, the inevitable message comes through. The raid has wiped
disastrously. The MA is screaming for the whole guild to get their asses
over there, because now he's pissed off and really wants revenge.

I sigh sadly at my unfinished yellow of xp needed for 55, pack up my
belongings and go to start picking folks up and organize a revenge
attack. My wife wisely logs off and goes to bed. (Oh, but to have her
wisdom. It was already my bedtime at this point, but I said, "You go
ahead. This shouldn't take long."   RIGHT! NOT!)

We set up, rezzed, and did full raid buffs in the DL tunnel to hidden
valley. (It looked to me like the MA had simply rushed things and not
prepped well, so I was going to fix the situation.)

Cut to the chase. We wiped again with four full groups. We reformed. We
wiped again. We moved the raid to the BW zone channel and attacked a
third time. We wiped again.

I had on all my resist gear, full raid buffs, and had a bard in my party
singing that group buff song. I'd never even SEEN such a number before,
but I swear to you that on the last attempt, my CR was over 320! I
figured I was pretty much invincible by then.  I got hit with every
stinking AoE while the melee were attacking and was basically dead
before I got in to cast a single spell. Our melee were getting feared
right and left and slaughtered with the cold AoE. The clerics were doing
a good job on the CHeal chain, but they were getting nailed so much that
they were dying too fast and leaving the MA to croak.

The questions. If you can peg your resists up to some ludicrous number
like 320, is there any truth to that rumor I've heard about "recycling"
on resist numbers, i.e. if you go over 250 it effetively resets to zero?
Because on Sunday we did Fay again, and I had a buffed FR of 235. I
didn't take a single point of damage from the AoE and was never feared.
Did the bard drive me to an effetively low resist value?

Also, what the hell did I do wrong? Should I have tried to hide all the
casters in some sneaky, out of LOS location until called in? My MA and a
lot of our melee have some damned fine resist gear, and were fully raid
buffed, but the fear sent hordes of them scattering like cockroaches
under the kitchen lights? WTF?  Or is Gore just that much tougher than
her other Velious kin?


-- 
"Would you care for a sammich?"


