From 6080723643978446269
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b099085869765d2f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-18 00:43:22 PST
Sender:  <ilg@planet.ethz.ch>
Message-ID: <3c47e024@pfaff.ethz.ch>
From: "Philippe Steindl" <ilg@nv.ethz.ch>
Subject: Re: Cleric dreaming of ToV gear
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <u4ef9v2c8fbi86@corp.supernews.com>
User-Agent: tin/pre-1.4-19990216 ("Styrofoam") (UNIX) (Linux/2.2.19 (i686))
NNTP-Posting-Host: planet.ethz.ch
Date: 18 Jan 2002 09:43:16 +0100
X-Trace: 18 Jan 2002 09:43:16 +0100, planet.ethz.ch
Lines: 92
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!hub1.nntpserver.com!newsfeed01.sul.t-online.de!newsfeed00.sul.t-online.de!t-online.de!news-ge.switch.ch!news-zh.switch.ch!pfaff.ethz.ch!not-for-mail
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:158022

Scott T. Jensen <stj@home.com> wrote:
: them five times over months!) so now I can ask you all here what you think.
: Having said all that...

Getting hate armour isn't bad. It's way easier than getting velious armour.
Asides, nobody will ever let you loot the needed pieces of plate in ToV
if you're too new or a guest. They're needed by the older guild members in
most guilds.

: What level should a cleric be to do ToV?  Some say 51.  Some say 53.  Some
: say 55.  Some even say 57.  All have said that cleric can be the lowest
: member in a raid.  As one put it "all you do is heal and buff".  What's your

And rez. If you want to rez, you should be 56+ or have your epic. But
there's always at least an epiced cleric on a raid liek this, as only
quite uber guilds should or can hunt there. And there's never enough
clerics (ok there is .. but another healer doesn't harm). As long as
you got CH and learn about CH chains, that's hould be ok.

: level recommendation for clerics for ToV?  Please give rational for your
: recommendation.

Whatever your level is for CH :P

: What about resist gear?  Some say I should have at least 100 in all my
: resists.  Some say I should have 100 in at least Magic, Fire, and Cold.

Having goot resists isn't bad. Note, however, that Trakanon hit me twice
with his 1200 DD/DOT even with 238 PR, the ToV Dragons hit me with full damage
AE pretty often, even with 240 in CR and FR. And so on. Honestly, I don't think
resists are THAT of a godsend to all. Try to get 100 in them though. never hurts
and is the requirement of most guilds you want to be in.

: Some say my level is really the deciding factor.  Some say that mages can

Nah, don't think so.

: shoulder item).  Currently all my resists are in the mid-thirties unbuffed.
: I have all the resist spells so I can pump them up a bit myself.

So go to the web and inform yourself about cheaply gained resist items. A
froglok crown for instance will already give you +20 to cold and fire. If
you can afford them, get blue diamond and diamon jewellry (extremely expensive,
at least for me, though).

: How do I get into ToV raids?  Some say to just show up in two locations.  I

Send a tell to member ins uber guilds? They have raids scheduled every week
and most have days in ToV. Try to get a guild member to ask a leader/officer
online, weater you can tag along. Many guilds don't allow guests, but then again,
many do.

: People talk about building up faction for ToV.  They tell me to hunt giants
: in Kael.  I've already done one raid there.  Others tell me that different

That's true. If you are not non KOS to Claws of Veeshan (CoV), then you can
directly forget ToV. Unless you enjoy being attacked by 6 dragons at once.
Be also aware, that your access to ToV through WW runs is CoV dependent. Nearly
all dragons in WW are on CoV (I met one on RoS though .. freaking thng nearly
killed me on my run to ToV).

: these different parts.  Which gear is the best for clerics (Halfling if that
: matters) in ToV, where does it drop, and what faction is needed for it?

You do velious armour there. It doesn't drop 'cleric' armour, it drops
plate components for the velious quests. And these can be used by any
melee class and whoever can use plate in their quests, so good luck in
getting one as a guest. It will be 99.999999% impossible for you.

: In Velks, gems drop and people talking about needing them for SS and Kael
: armor.  Do the ToV gear need gems too?  I haven't found anything that says

ToV gear *is* one of the types that's working with the gems. You need gems
and then either an armour component dropping off ToV or Kael, depending
on which armour set you're after. SS armour needs the gems and the ToV drops.

: gems are quest gems and which are vendor?  Additionally, if ToV gear does

Yep. Search the web for 'velious armour gems' and you get various lists.

: Are ToV raids much different from Hate, Fear, or Kael raids?  If so, how so?

Depends. You will fight dragons, which means lots of AE damage (up to the 700's)
and the strategies differ. You need discipline in your guild. Zerging a
ToV dragon (i.e. everybody move in and hit uncoordinated with some healers
ehaling whatever) will elad to a direct wipeout. You need decent CH chains
setup (Clerics casting controlled CH one after another in X second distances
onto main tank), knowledge (Dragon AE doesn't hit you if you're not in direct
sight, so the melees have to corner the dragon) etc. All in all, I'd say
ToV is harder, simply bevause it's hard to get 35 people follow a clean
lead and act grow up, especially with guests and 'newbie' members.



