From 7916173423065004821
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e3633f98cce319c0,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-02-06 11:08:34 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <d1e9ad08c7689f07c875119506bd455f@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.he.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Fri, 06 Feb 2004 18:57:58 GMT
Lines: 109
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 27: Darkness
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:18152

Tales of Loral
Chapter 27: Darkness

"It was a dark moment, my boy. Perhaps darker than any I had faced 
before. The ancient serpents paralyzed me mentally and physically with 
powers not seen on the face of Norrath in five thousand years. They 
studied me as they would have studied a strange rock. While the minutes 
crept by like hours they continued hissing to each other, their burning 
yellow eyes never leaving mine. Only one fate seemed possible. I was 
surely dead."

Loral paused and scratched his newly grown beard, a habit he knew drove 
his avid listener crazy. Though the warm breeze and soft rustle of the 
trees created one of the most serene moments Loral had ever witnessed, 
his companion, a small Elven boy, seemed ready to break under the 
tension of Loral's tale. Just as the boy was about to protest, shouting 
his rage of impatience, Loral continued.

"Their decision had apparently been made. The largest of their number, a 
great ancient serpent covered with deeply etched glyphes in its rotting 
scales, moved forward extending a jagged claw towards my face. Red bolts 
of energy shot from nail to nail as it got closer. But before that 
horrible claw tore my face and mind from my body and spirit, the 
creature's head exploded into white light and dark green gore."

The boy literally bounced with excitement.

"Zolina knocked another arrow and let it fly into the chest of the 
glyphed serpent. Juror's powerful spirit-tipped spear skewered one of 
the guardians while the rescue party stepped through Tarzel's planar 
gateway. The shining runed blade of Lavun tore open a rift in the fabric 
of nature releasing a great green hand of roots, moss and vines that 
crushed another attacking Shissar between its giant fingers. A huge 
golem, as large as the fire giants of Nagafen's Lair roared towards the 
party but a bolt of pure energy burned a hole straight through the 
beast. I saw the smoking hands and grey eyes of Azile through the hole 
in the chest of the golem just before it crashed to the ground. Knowing 
I was safe, my mind turned off and I fell unconscious into the arms of 
my friends."

Relief flowed into the boy and he fell back against the large oak behind 
him. Loral smiled and tugged at the fishing line cutting into the mirror 
surface of the small lake they sat by. Though the boy had heard the 
story before, he never seemed any less nervous at the outcome than he 
had here today. Remembering his own actions at hearing such tales of 
adventure, Loral looked to the boy and smiled. Darlan was a wonderful 
son, indeed.

Loral's mind trailed back those seventy five years as he thought about 
the tale of the Shissar. How much his life had changed. How much Norrath 
had changed. While that day had been dark indeed, many dark days had 
followed. The Shissar had been a great menace but even they stayed 
buried in their tomb when the rifts opened. Magic had grown from a thing 
of mystery and wonder into the norm of everyday life. Merchants and 
tradesmen no longer traveled in caravans or on ships preferring the 
speed and safety of teleportation. The Antonican bards had disbanded 
under the competition of the psychic abilities of wizard guilds. It was 
a different age.

Then chaos began. It started with reports of travelers becoming lost 
during teleportation. Stories of parties appearing buried in rock or 
returning transformed into horrible manifestations circulated. Then the 
rifts opened. Planiar beasts of fire, stone, flesh and crustation poured 
into the lands. Armies of city militia were slaughtered by creatures 
never dreamed of in the worst nightmares of children. Powerful 
adventurers far and wide returned to their homelands and thus began the 
Plane Wars.

For ten years the wars raged, destroying cities and gods. Loral's powers 
of healing fed armies of Elven knights, rangers and warriors. Deep in 
the wizard guilds of Odus, Felwithe, Neriak and Freeport the great 
spellcasters looked for an end to the menace and just when all seemed 
lost, they found it.

Life began again for the people of Norrath. After 120 years of service 
to the Mother, Loral retired to the life of a jeweler and though his 
mate, the only mortal woman Loral had ever loved, had been slain in the 
last days of the Plane Wars, Loral's life was lived again through the 
eyes of his son.

With the turn of the seasons, Loral and Darlan traveled across Norrath. 
Over the months they traded the intricate mechanics of Ak'Anon with the 
velium of the hearty Coldain and the finely crafted gems of Odus for the 
black acrylia of Luclin. They found great profit in their lives but 
living his adventures through Darlan was the greatest treasure of all.

Now spring brought them back to Felwithe where they fished during the 
day and met with old friends in the nearby cities at night. Though his 
trials had been great over the past two centuries, Loral had finally 
found the happiness he always sought.

Dark telepathic visions passed from the Shissar interrogator to the 
ancient glyphed serpent. The beast studied the pale elf, pinned ten feet 
off the ground by the titanic arms of two enormous golems. Bolts of dark 
energy sliced through the figure, sending him into spasms. The 
interrogator had performed such operations before and few had ever 
survived. Though this broken priest still had some sort of mental 
activity, the Shissar wasn't convinced that the tiny mortal hadn't 
already gone insane. A few more hours would tell, but it was doubtful 
that this one would live through the night.

-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



