From -1141520740572249001
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,915d04aeafcee346,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-04-01 15:03:09 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!border1.nntp.ash.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!pd7cy2so!shaw.ca!pd7tw1no.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
X-Trace-PostClient-IP: 24.78.203.155
From: Ben Sisson <ilkhanikeDIESPAM@yahoo.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Reposted from EQLive
Message-ID: <ps7p60taoclm6n2v8ul6fg5soqi08vf04j@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.553
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 171
Date: Thu, 01 Apr 2004 23:03:08 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.66.94.143
X-Complaints-To: abuse@shaw.ca
X-Trace: pd7tw1no 1080860588 24.66.94.143 (Thu, 01 Apr 2004 16:03:08 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 01 Apr 2004 16:03:08 MST
Organization: Shaw Residential Internet
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26706

Here's why enchanters tend to be surly..




Congratulations. You have invited an Enchanter to your group.

I'm not a bot, as evidenced by the fact that I left the safe confines
of PoK. None of my hotkeys advertise the fact that my buffs are indeed
extended. I didn't ask you to initiate a group invite via trade
window.

Just because my class is superior to your own, doesn't mean that I'm
unwilling to adapt to the classes, play-style or comfort level of your
group. I'm really very adept at increasing the efficiency of your
group in a multitude of ways.

Some of you will need to review some of the basics of group dynamics
and tactics. I mastered most of these at Orc 1 in East Commonlands.
Some took me awhile longer, but I got them down on Orc Highway in
Oasis. I no longer have the patience or desire to reinforce these at
go-time. The group is trying to kill stuff right now. And if I gently
reminded you about these constants of life inside the game, you'd only
exploded defensively--"Don't tell me how to play my class!"

Assist. GDI, Assist! It's not hard. Make a hotkey. Love it. Use it.
That mob that is drooling on itself while you smash his buddy is
standing there senseless for a reason. I put him in timeout. He's not
tying his shoes. He'll still be there after the one that the MA is
wailing on is dead. It is not a testament to how sneaky you are that
you can get a free shot on him while he's not looking. In fact, he
will run straight at me after you whack him, and I have more important
things to do right now than stun him off and put him back into
timeout.

Assist is not an optional rule. Yes, he's beating on the cleric.
That's my job. The cleric will be ready to heal you in a few seconds.
Just keep helping the MA.

MA? This refers to the Main Assist. This is the ONE PERSON with the
authority to pick something to whack on. All other mobs in the world
BELONG TO ME. I own them until the MA has bludgeoned his to death.
This is imporatant: ALL JOO MOBS ARE BELONG TO ME!

That means that the mob hovering dangerously close to the group is
MINE. That means the one beating on me is MINE. That means anything
pulled into camp is MINE. As a group we have designated the one
individual who can chose one of my many mobs to play with.

Let's talk about this MA again. He's special. Whatever he is hitting
is the RIGHT MOB. Are you not sure which mob you should hit? It's the
one that he is swinging at. Did I mez the mob he was hitting? Then I
was wrong. I'll be retargeting and mezzing something else. It happens.

MA, yes you with the plate mail, don't switch targets. Once you've
locked in on a victim, stick with it. I'll deal with whatever chaos
ensues afterward.

Okay, I know it's against tank instincts to let the cleric take a
beating. Okay, you trust me to deal with it myself. Let's cover
another, even more likely scenario. I will get beaten on. Mobs don't
like me. You may have seen the Wanted Poster we looted off the last
mob. Yes, that was my picture. Mobs hate enchanters. When they beat on
me, DON'T SAVE ME. I can take care of all of you, and I can take care
of me. You will surely kill me if you try to hack up a mob I'm locking
down. I don't want your help. I have a panic button that I'll hit if I
really want your help. I think I've used it twice in the last couple
of years.

Mr. Cleric. Guess what. I am going to need a heal. Don't sneer at me
from behind that plate armor you're wearing and bitch about wasting
mana on an enchanter. I do take into consideration your mana. My mana
and your mana are group assets now. If I need a fast heal after
locking down four or five mobs, so be it. Mana to throw me an
occasional heal is far less than the mana you will expend healing our
tanks with five unslowed mobs running rampant through the camp.

Oh, where is my Virtue? Don't want to waste a peridot? Click off C5.
How much to do you pay for a group cast of C3 from my **POIT**
brethren? Are they here to haste your group so mobs don't last as
long--to keep those precious red lines from dropping as far? Suck it
up. I'm not a wizard with no idea how to control aggro. I'm going to
get it sometimes. Often on purpose.

Tell me again what I can't do? I can't pull? Let me bag my BCB and
give the warrior a chance then. He's an excellent puller. He can
single or double everytime. It's a good idea to have your tank or a
DPS class out of the party on a consistent basis. I enjoy the time we
spend together, even if it is at less than optimal experience.

My bad, did I imply that enchanter wasn't DPS class? Sorry, that
hasted, dual-wielding monstrosity that outdamages the party as a whole
doesn't count, right? But you don't like it when I charm anyway. I
need a couple of heals when it breaks. He tends to break charm at
inopportune times. Um...stun...and let's get this thing back under
control so we can continue raping this dungeon or camp.

Hey all you dotting classes: Stop dotting the incoming pulls. The
six-second mezzes don't make me happy. Especially if I've started
debuffing. Find the one that belongs to the MA and dot to your hearts'
content. Leave my mobs alone. Oh, but it's snared? Great, but I'm not
a bard. I can't cast while running.

For you combat innate junkies...I only have eight slots for spells.
That's about ten shy of what I need to do everything I'm expected to.
I admit that I lack permanant illusion. So NDT / Boon is a dedicated
slot. Unlike other casters, I don't have to select from 'little nuke',
'big nuke', 'ungodly nuke', 'malo' and 'snare' and scrounge the spell
book for three more spells to make everything look nice in my UI. If
others in your group (surely not you) are making my job difficult then
I'm loading root instead of your werewolf form. Sorry for that. But
suck it up.

No, you don't know which spells I should have loaded. Talk to the
cleric who is chaining Celestial Heal on the tank and complains that
he is OOM from CHealing.

When I miss a timer for a rebuff, wmp is not really neccessary. I do
understand my role. Mana ALWAYS permits for haste. If I have to click
off Rune and chew a mod rod to get it back up, there is always mana
for haste. Even more so than mana regen in most cases. Don't be shy.
"Haste, bitch!" works just as well.

Rangers and Necros - Aggro kiting, fear kiting, snare kiting, bow
kiting...these are all excellent methods of crowd control. I am not
arguing the utility of these techniques. I wish I had snare. But these
are great ideas IF we have decided that this is how we're gonna
operate BEFORE I have locked down, tashed and slowed mobs. Bad news
for me. My aggro > Your aggro. If you insist on running dotted mobs
all over the zone, please do solo. Don't let them run free in circles
around camp, triggering my response of locking them down. Not nice to
tease the chanter. Especially when I let you get eaten because I
thought you were still just "bored" and "playing with the mob".

btw, Wake the Dead makes me smile.

IF you have explained to me that my job will be to just slow
everything and nuke when I have mana, don't bitch when your technique
of TRAIN-ROOT-KILL gets you killed. I said I could adapt. Yes, I'll be
mezzing the rooted casters, but it's your ballgame and I'm gonna play
by the rules. This method is kinda fun, but big boy rules, big boy
hammer.

Lastly, I put away those "MEZZING %T." and "%T is MEZZED" hotkeys
around level 45. I don't appreciate macro spam in group, so I try not
to add to it. I don't care what nuke the wizard is using. I don't care
what god the cleric invokes for healing.

If you see many mobs coming to camp, the MA will whack something and
I'll take the rest. I don't feel the need to walk you through crowd
control, mob by mob. Don't just whack whatever is closest to you.
Don't whine that I didn't SAY I was mezzing it. How do you know I'm
gonna mez something? Because it's running around in my camp. And it's
not the designated target. (See MA above) I do have a set of macros
saved to put these hotkeys back in for the benefit of the group. But
c'mon. How different are the basics when pulling Orc 1 from Level 65
LDoN Hard? Just different models.

If you can't do the simple things, I going to let you die. None of
that fancy, "You break it, you buy it~" nonsense. You will see your
bind point if you can't play well with the chanter. Being relentlessly
tell-spammed for C3 has made me a bitter, nasty toon to deal with.

Good Hunting.
-- 

Magister Mundi sum!

Aughra: Where is he?
Jen: He's dead.
Aughra: Could be anywhere, then.


