From 707093340031461941
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,28961367754a00a3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-15 11:53:57 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: tempaddress2@yahoo.com (Golin)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Role of each group member
Date: 15 Nov 2001 11:53:57 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 185
Message-ID: <34b5dea5.0111151153.5ba821c8@posting.google.com>
References: <V4yI7.70$Il6.76006@news20>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 167.239.214.246
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1005854037 19205 127.0.0.1 (15 Nov 2001 19:53:57 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 15 Nov 2001 19:53:57 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:136129

Hello Frank,

I can't really speak much about the post 50 game, as my 2 highest
level characters are only 49 and 51.    Mostly these are generalities
based on single group situations, and there are a lot of exceptions
that can be applied based on the circumstances and the people behind
the keyboards.  Multiple groups events are a bit different, and out of
the scope of my response.  Their is a lot to cover, and I'm sure I'll
miss a few things, but I'll try to get in as much as possible.   Also,
I'm making the assumption that the group would want to operate in the
most efficient manner possible.

Warriors:  Warriors generally have the best AC and HP in a group. 
They also can generate a decent amount of melee damage.  They can
manage their agro to some extent by using faster or slower weapons,
and by using two hand weapons or dual wielding one hand weapons.  Most
warriors use dual wield with low delay weapons to help generate more
agro, since they are usually the main tank, and can do a decent job
taunting.  Warriors make reasonable pullers in places where it's easy
to not pull too many mobs for the group to handle.  Warriors also get
disciplines that give them more capabilities.  Unfortunately, I'm not
very familiar with these disciplines, so I can't tell you how they
help a warrior contribute to a group.  If they are a large race they
can using their bash skill to interrupt spell casting mobs.

Shadowknights:  Shadowknights have good AC, HP,  and taunting
abilities.  They generally do a fine job as main tank.  Shadowknights
have some spells that generate a high amount of agro, making them one
of the best taunting classes in the game.  They can also help the
group in a number of other ways as well.    They have the tools to be
good pullers in places that are easy to pull up to 30.  Shadowknights
make very good pullers once they hit 30 and develop their skill to
feign death pull.  They can use fear to fear kite mobs.  They scout
pretty well since they have invisibility, invisibility to undead, and
feign death.  They also get some debuff spells to make the mobs a
little easier.  If a better snarer isn't available, they can use their
darkness line of spells to fill the role, although the movement will
not be reduced as much as snare and does not last nearly as long. 
They can self heal via their life taps, which helps the healers out a
little.  When things get really ugly, or against a tough mob,
shadowknights can use their death touch to nuke the mob.  They can
also use bash to interrupt spell casting mobs if they are a large
race, or using a shield.  At higher levels shadowknights can summon
corpses also.

Paladins:  Paladins have good AC, HP, and taunting abilities, much
like the shadowknight.  Their ability to taunt with their spells as
well as the taunt skill make them very good at protecting other party
members when a better means of crowd control is not available.  They
can fill the role of main tank well, and they can heal very well for a
melee class.  This allows them to help reduce down time between
fights, and cast emergency heals during a fight if somebody is in
trouble.  Paladins also get root, which allows them help with crowd
control if needed by root parking.  In addition, paladins can buff
other party members, though not as well as some other classes. 
Paladins also get the ability to Lay on Hands to instantly heal a
large amount of HP instantly.  Their stun line of spells, and bash if
they are using a shield, can also be helpful against casting mobs to
interrupt spells.  At higher level paladins can resurrect party
members also.

Rangers: Rangers have decent HP, and AC, but not as good as the
classes above.  They can also taunt very well, since they are the only
class to get dual wield, taunt, and spells to help agro.  Although,
usually rangers should try to generate the least amount of agro they
can and let the plate melee classes take the damage.  Rangers can be
the main tank in a group if a plate melee isn't available, but it is
less efficient because of the additional healing required.  One of the
main benefits of rangers is the ability to cast snare.  This can be a
very important role in places where runners can bring back enough to
kill the whole group.  Rangers can also help with healing between
fights, and in emergencies during fights.  By using harmony rangers
can make very good outdoor pullers.  They can also help the group by
buffing when they have the mana to spare.  At 29 or 30 ranger can SoW
the group if outdoors, which is very helpful if a quick retreat is
needed.

Rogues: Rogues have the ability to generate a great deal of melee
damage, and manage their own agro.  Their HP and AC similar to a
rangers, and although they do not get the taunt skill they can
generate a decent amount of agro if they want to with fast weapons and
backstab.  Rogues get the ability to Evade, which allows them to lower
their agro when it is successful.  In this way they can keep the mobs
back to them for lots of backstab damage, and not be a drain on the
healers mana.  Rogues are also useful for corpse recovery by using
sneak and hide.  Rogues can be the main tank if no other melee
character is available.  However, this significantly reduces their
effectiveness since they can only backstab from behind a mob, and
requires more mana from the healer.  Rogues can also pull when no
better puller is available.  Their is a technique called sneak pulling
that I'm just starting to learn about that allows rogues to pull
single mobs from a group.  I'm not greatly familiar with it, but if
you would like more information it can be found in the Library section
of the forums on www.thesafehouse.org

Monks:  Monks main contributions to a group is melee damage and feign
death pulling.  Monks can generate more damage than any other melee
class, with the exception of rogues if they have a taunter to keep the
mobs back to them.  With feign death monks can pull a group of mobs,
get them to separate, and then pull back a manageable pull for the
group.  They can self heal by using mend, which help the healer a
little.

Bards:  Bards are mostly a support class.  They can melee although
though generate less melee damage than the classes above.  They are
very good at reducing down time with their healing song, and mana
song.  During battle they can increase the groups offensive and
defensive abilities, charm mobs, mesmerize.  Bards can pull, but doing
so generally reduces the effectiveness of the group since they are not
available to help reduce down time.  Bard can tank, but are not as
well suited for it as the classes with more HP, AC, and ability to
taunt.  Bards make transportation a bit easier with their song to
speed up the groups movement.  This can also be helpful if the group
decides a retreat is in order.

Clerics:  Clerics are great healers.  They can also give the group
some nice AC/HP buffs.  Clerics can also help a group by using root
parking to help with crowd control if better methods are not
available.  Against undead, clerics get some nice damage spells also. 
Generally though, clerics do their best to not agro mobs since they
are the life line of the group, and have a hard time healing if they
are being beat on.  They can also use their stun spells to help
against spell casting mobs.  Clerics can also resurrect dead members. 
This saves time for getting the member back, and with the higher level
versions some experience is regained.

Shaman:  The Shaman class is best known for it's ability to buff, and
debuff.  They also make good healers, though not as good as clerics
most of the time.  They also can use root for crowd control when a
better method is not available.  Their ability to use their own life
to increase their mana helps reduce down time, and can provide mana in
an emergency situation.  Their debuffing spells can make mobs much
easier to kill, and their buffs can significantly increase the parties
abilities.  Their regen spell can also help reduce group down time. 
They also get some nice DoTs to help shorten the fights.

Druids:  Druids can fill many roles in a group.   They can make decent
healers, having much the same healing abilities as the shaman.  They
can snare mobs, making camping some locations much more safe.  They
can add non agro damage to mobs via damage shields.  They can buff
with, AC/HP, strength, SoW, and regen.  They have some nice root
spells to help with crowd control if need be.  They also get some good
direct damage spells and DoTs. Druids can also teleport the group to
the closest druid ring to their destination, or teleport the group out
of danger.

Necromancers: Necromancers bring a variety of skills with them.  They
have a good pet the help with melee damage.  They can fear a mob for
fear kiting.  They can snare using their darkness line, though not as
good as long lasting as the snare spells.  They can cast DoT and DD
spells for quicker fights.   They give mana to other party members. 
They can use root parking if necessary.  They can also heal by giving
up their own life.  They can also reduce corpse recovery time by
summoning a dead party members corpse.

Enchanters:  Enchanters are the great at crowd control.  They can take
a bad pull and turn it in to an orderly procession of mobs by using
mesmerize.  They also get the ability to memory blur mobs.  This
allows them to manage agro by changing the mobs hate list.  This can
be useful when the target mob attacks the groups healer, or the
enchanter themselves.  Enchanters can also change the tide of a battle
my charming a mob and making it fight on the groups side.  They must
be careful though.  Many enchanter spells generate a lot of agro, and
with their low HP and AC they can be dead very quickly.  Enchanters
help reduce down time by providing the spell using classes in the
group with clarity to make their mana regenerate faster.  Enchanters
also get fear spells that can be used for fear kiting.  They can also
haste the melee group members for additional agro and melee damage.

Magicians:  Magicians bring powerful pets, good damage spells, and the
ability to summon many useful things for the group.  They also can use
root parking to help with crowd control if needed.  They can also
provide modulating rods for people to use when mana is in short
supply.  Magicians also provide really good damage shields.  At higher
levels they can also summon characters to their location.  This can
make it possible to get people to the camp where it would otherwise be
much more difficult.

Wizards:  Wizards provide powerful damage spells, ports to various
places around Norrath, evacuation spells to get the group out of tight
spots, and can use root parking if needed.  As with the other caster
classes they need to be very careful with their agro management since
they have low HP and AC.

Golin


