From -328309306385118711
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7aea2505fba1b255,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-14 07:16:39 PST
From: Jeremiah Kristal  <jeremiah@NOSPAM.inch.com>
Subject: Why I love EQ
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
User-Agent: tin/pre-1.4-980818 ("Laura") (UNIX) (FreeBSD/2.2.7-19980825-SNAP (i386))
NNTP-Posting-Host: inch.com
Message-ID: <3c42f658$1_1@nntp2.nac.net>
Date: 14 Jan 2002 10:16:40 -0500
X-Trace: nntp2.nac.net 1011021400 inch.com (14 Jan 2002 10:16:40 -0500)
Lines: 118
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newspeer1.nac.net!nntp2.nac.net!shell.inch.com!jeremiah
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:156245

OK, it wasn't the best weekend in terms of moving that old exp bar, but it 
certainly reminded me why I love Everquest.  My guild has been working 
towards VP since August, and we finally got enough critical mass to make 
our first real assault on VP this weekend.  We had taken a 12-pack into VP 
to learn the pathing and play with the wurms about a week prior, and 
except for a couple wipeouts when Silverwing and Hoshkar wandered by, 
didn't do too badly.
On Friday night the whole force began assembling at about 6pm, and those 
who hadn't completed their keys were negotiating among themselves about MQ 
to get the maximum number of folks there.  We had 30 keyholders listed, 
and ended up with 31 people there (including the camp-out cleric), plus 5 
known keyholders who couldn't attend.  We all got into VP and safely to 
the camp spot about 8pm, and pulled a couple wurms to warm up.  Very 
shortly after that, we had a clean pull on Silverwing, and not only did we 
kill her, we did it with no deaths at all.  We did all the hooting and 
hollering, and then started prepping for Hoshkar.
It took a while to get a clean pull off, and on the first try I was dead 
almost before the battle started, didn't resist his AE at all, and myself 
and my group's cleric were both dead, fast.  We did get him to the point 
where he enraged, which was a lot more than we were hoping for.  We 
rezzed, rebuffed, regrouped, and went for him again.  Got a good, clean 
pull, had casters hiding in an alcove to dodge his AE, and tanks were able 
to keep him positioned.  I lasted until he was down to about 10%, then the 
AE hit me 3 times in a row, and I popped up at bind, about 10 seconds 
before a string of WOOT! popped up in /guildchat.  About 20 minutes of 
general sillyness followed, as we all ran around the corpse and 
congratulated ourselves, and accepted the congratulations of the two 
server uberguilds (amazing how many people know when a new guild breaks a 
tough zone for the first time).  
We got organized again and worked our way slowly towards Druushk's lair, 
taking it like a regular dungeon crawl, except that everything was level 
60 and fairly tough.  There were several times that I was sure we were 
dead, but we just kept on killing, including the time we had a splitter 
wurm split and a 1500 melee wurm add at the same time.  We got to Druushk, 
buffed, attacked, and died, but we think we have a strategy now.  It was 
getting close to 3am, so we had to die and rez out, but planned on getting 
him the next day.
Saturday evening I logged on and started working my way to Skyfire, and on 
the way noticed that Nezekezena was up, and he was one of the two epic 
mobs I needed before my final battle.  I sent the word out over guildchat, 
and was told to pull him to the BW zoneline.  He's a stupid wurm, and 
rather annoying to pull, since he stops following unless he's just outside 
of melee range, but I finally got him to the BW zone, where we grouped up 
and proceeded to beat on him.  We got him to 30% and he gated and summoned 
me.  Rather than die like I should have, I figured I had nothing to lose 
and started twisting fear, snare, and my attack buff.  The bad thing about 
this is that BW has a huge number of wanderers, and bard fear is AE.  I 
didn't have a lot of choice, so I just kept it up, and got it timed so 
fear would hit, all the wandering adds would go running off, keep 
twisting, refresh fear on Nez, fear wears off on adds, they come back, hit 
'em with fear again.  It was damn close, but he died, I looted his guts, 
and ran like hell clicking my SS BP for those 90pt heals.  I had 46 hp 
when I clicked my BP the first time, and almost died to falling damage, 
but I made it to BW about the time the rest of my group figured out where 
I was summoned to.
We ran to the VP zone-in, headed in, and were able to CoH people to near 
Druushk's lair.  We only had 18 people on and no wizards, so we worked on 
killing wurms while we waited for more to log on.  After a couple hours, 
it was obvious that we were stuck with 3 groups, so we learned what we 
could, made a rather unsuccessful attempt at Druushk.  We regrouped and 
worked our way to Xygoz, where we tried several strategies to get Xygoz by 
himself without the two wurms that spawn in his lair.  We weren't 
completely sucessful, as the wurmbait outran the wurms and they came back 
to join us just as we engaged Xygoz.  We realized that with 18 we weren't 
going to be able to kill Xygoz and walk out, so we rezzed out, and decided 
to do a quick raid to PoA so our guildleader could finally complete his 
epic (after probably 200 days /played).  While people were heading to 
Skyfire to port to PoA (all casters were bound there for VP anyway), I got 
a tell from the guild's newest bard saying that he just saw someone kill 
Eldrig the Old, and was now camping his spawn point.
Eldrig was the last mob I needed to kill for my epic before the final 
fight, and he's a royal bastard.  His placeholders spawn and then 
immediately begin to wander, and there is almost no way to know what is 
his placeholder.  Basically, you camp someone at the spawn site, send 
groups out killing everything, and hope that your spawn watcher eventually 
sees something spawn.  Once you have the PH, it's easy to quickly kill the 
PH and wait for Eldrig.  Anyway, I got the tell that he is camping the PH 
for me, so I immediately start heading that way.  I'm in Luclin, so I can 
take the spire to DL, but I see a guild druid and know she is heading to 
Skyfire anyway, so I get a ride with her.  I track to the other bard, and 
get to him about 20 seconds after he kills the 3rd PH.  We discuss tactics 
(fear-kite and pray) and he heads off to join the Sky raid.  Several 
minutes pass, the spawn pops, and it's Eldrig.  I send him a tell saying 
Eldrig has popped, and begin fear-kiting him.  He resists several times, 
and I'm taking a lot of damage, so I attempt to mezz him and give myself 
time to heal.  Too bad he can't be mezzed, ACK!  I'm in tells with the 
other bard, and he tells me to pull to Overthere, where he will have 
reinforcements.  I run like a man possessed towards OT, and every couple 
seconds get summoned back, but finally get where I can see the zone 
tunnel.  I probably got summoned back another dozen times in sight of the 
zone line, including one where I swear I was 10 feet past the line, but I 
someone made it just across the line.  I zone, BP heal up quickly, and 
zoned back.
I quickly round up the 5 people who came to assist me, we group and pull 
Eldrig back, and kill him without too much trouble.  I loot the guts, and 
then the whole group of us ports up to sky.  There is another guild there, 
but the island 1 mobs are up, so we kill them, then attempt to spawn 
Sirran, but he doesn't spawn, so we buy keys.  Turns out the 2nd isle 
hasn't respawned yet, so we talk to the other guild, and it seems that it 
should have spawned by now, or it will be two more hours, depending on the 
respawn.  We're ready to give it up, but one monk convinces us to stay 
another 20 minutes.  About 19 minutes later, we see something spawn, kill 
the first couple mobs that spawn, and then the isle 2 boss spawns, so we 
kill him, Sirran spawns, and our guildleader heads to isle 3 to do his 
turnin.
We all jumped off, and a group went to complete the epic.  I missed the 
final turnin, but it seems it was better to miss it due to some sillyness 
involving playing around with the effect that ended up with deaths to many 
people, including the questgiver mob.  
All in all, a great weekend, learned a lot of VP, absolutely punked 
Silverwing, killed Hoshkar with a much smaller force than we expected 
(and only 2 wizards), completed all my epic drops except for the final 
battle, and got my guildleader his epic.  I guess it's time to set my 
sites higher, since I'm rapidly approaching all my old-time EQ goals.  

Arolpin
and I only lost 1 blue bubble this weekend  



