From 7835813497564285539
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bed9bee8ab57519a
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-08-29 11:58:45 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!newsfeed.earthlink.net!stamper.news.pas.earthlink.net!stamper.news.atl.earthlink.net!newsread1.news.atl.earthlink.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F4FA25E.6DFC49BE@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <anniebenlen@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Monual travels to Firiona Vie
References: <binuu502fk0@enews1.newsguy.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 272
Date: Fri, 29 Aug 2003 18:58:44 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 63.157.28.89
X-Complaints-To: abuse@earthlink.net
X-Trace: newsread1.news.atl.earthlink.net 1062183524 63.157.28.89 (Fri, 29 Aug 2003 11:58:44 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 29 Aug 2003 11:58:44 PDT
Organization: EarthLink Inc. -- http://www.EarthLink.net
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:298473



Richard Lawson wrote:
 
> After seeing Teapray's (aka Annie Benson-Lennaman) problems getting
> connected, I sent her an email from work offering to bot her characters to
> another zone in an effort to fix her problem.  I included my cell phone
> number.  Shortly thereafter I received a call from Teapray.  She wanted me
> to go ahead and try it.  She sent me an email with all three of her and her
> husband's accounts.  I nodded sagely and promised I'd be home in an hour to
> move her characters.

    I was a bit nervous making the call.  I don't like to /shout that I
need help with whatever, it just seemed harder to do it by cell phone. 
Lenny suggested a good icebreaker though.  When I got confirmed that I
had Richard, I blurted out "I need a rez!"  We figured that would be
just want anyone who plays a high level cleric would want to hear on
their cell phone!

> Well, alas there was a pre-season football game last night in Minnesota.
> And alas, while I take a certain way home 90% of the time, this time I took
> the freeway that goes right past the stadium.  /sigh.  So I get stuck in
> traffic, cursing my stupidity all the while.

    Having just escaped from San Diego, I can relate to traffic
problems.  Heck, the traffic around St. Louis gets a bit hairy around
the time Richard was driving.  And when I lived in San Diego, we were
about 3 miles from the Qualcom stadium.  I had to drive right past it to
get home from work.  I hate stadiums.  Well, it was past the time when
Richard said he would call us, but we did assume he was either having
traffic problems, or dealing with this boss handing him one last crucial
thing to do right before he went home.   I was not in the least bit
worried that anything untoward might be happening to my characters.  If
I entertained any doubts about this being a possibility, I would never
have made the call in the first place.
 
> Okay.  I choose Firiona Vie and choose Teapray.  I find myself in the middle
> of the bazaar.  I instantly know I'm not on Drinal anymore when the first
> thing I see is: Soandso auctions, in Elvish, "WTS Journeyman's Boots".

   The weird thing is, one can often find Jboots for less than Tboots
cost.  It wasn't weird that the auction was in Elvish; that's probably
the most commonly spoken language on FV, with human coming in a close
second.  
 
> I head to the Nexus.  I try to move Teapray forward but she's stuck in
> molasses.  I open her inventory (I avoided it because I didn't want to poke
> around too much) and see she's got seven trader satchels.  So I turn around,
> zone back into the bazaar, and deposit five of them in the bank.  I then
> zone out and can move.

  All filled with junk, too.  Lenny and I do have a pair of Jboots, but
I am saving up for a Lizard, and selling anything I can to get the money
for it.  I forgot that I had them on her and that was stupid.  It would
have been easy to warn Richard that he should visit the bank first and
drop them off.  I'm just glad she could move at all.  But she did have
the Jboots on her... I suppose that it's possible that they would have
made it possible for her to move even very overweight.  But I'm not sure
about that.

> It's a quick journey to the Plane of Knowledge.  I try to sit by pressing
> the "1" key - oops, no hotkeys.  So I type /sit, and then /camp.  One down.

   "1" on my hotkeys is "bash".  We have "z" keyed as sit command.  The
other day, I had been reading the FV ezboard for a while, when I decided
to afk.  I robotically hit "z" a few times, trying to get myself to
"sit" so I could "med up".  It took me several seconds to realize what I
was doing. 
 
> The next is a female ogre whose name I can't remember.  She's in Feerott.  I
> log her on and press the backspace key to bring up a map of the zone.  She's
> near Cazic Thule.  I jump into the river and swim upstream, hoping to avoid
> aggro.  I'm not too worried now that I'm away from CT.  I follow the map to
> the book and click on it.  My client crashes but that's all right - I know
> she made it to PoK.

   Lentea.  Hunting in a spot that Lance Bergh, ala Splendid, showed
her.  The lizard men there are Good Eats for a character in their mid
twenties.  Heck, I can remember exploring inside of CT many years ago
with some alts somewhere.  Those carefree days are certainly gone
forever!
 
> So far so good.  The third account is the big loveable ogre Lenny.  I log
> him in - he's in Gunthak.  I whirl around.  It's fortunate that Marrtuk used
> to hunt the undead in Gunthak.  It takes me a couple of minutes of spinning
> around before I can mentally place myself.  He's on the far side of the
> beach.  I make my way towards the gulf.  Fortunately I'm familiar with the
> spawn points and weave Lenny carefully around them.  It occurs to me just
> how unpleasant it would be to have to do a Corpse Run here if I get Lenny
> killed.  If I'm lucky he's bound at the lighthouse.

   Nope.  Not even sure if the lighthouse is a bind spot on FV.  Both
Lenny and I are bound in the PoK.  If he did end up dying, your troubles
would be over!  Or if you didn't want to leave him rotting in a
dangerous place, you could have consented Teapray, then had her drag him
to the beach or even lighthouse using IVU.  Actually, even if you did
get agro, Lenny could easily have made it to the safe spot by the wheel
by the beach, even with half the sand's mobs whacking on him, and I
accidentally found out once when I was two boxing us with little skill
in the very spot you found him.   Lenny is a tough little bugger.

> I make it to the water safely and breathe a huge sigh of relief.  As I swim
> across the gulf - Lenny's swimming skill seems pretty low - I do a /who to
> see if there are any gaters or porters in the zone.  Alas, of the dozen
> people in the zone, every single one is anonymous - the first time I've ever
> seen that.  I try to /ooc Looking for a port to the Plane of Knowledge,
> please.  Alas, I get the message that /ooc is disabled on this server.  As
> I'm swimming I see someone /shout a warning about a train to Dulak.  I
> suppose I could /shout for a port to PoK, but that's considered rude on
> Drinal, and I don't want to damage Lenny's reputation on FV.

     Lenny does fail to practice skills like that.  Teapray's skill is
at 200.  I guess I should just take time out to an ocean somewhere and
let him swim against a zoneline.  The people in the zone probably were
in /role mode.  It's pretty much the standard on the server.  And it
probably wouldn't have matter if you had shouted.  A good sized chunk of
the population has /shout and even /auction filtered off.  If the
Unabomber played EQ, FV would probably be the server that would suit him
the best.

> I decide to suck it up and just run to Toxx.  Lenny is 43, so should have no
> problems getting through the Warrens.  I begin the journey, missing my
> drogmor already.  Lenny might very well have one, but again I don't feel
> comfortable poking around in his gear.  I do amuse myself by making a Sense
> Heading hotkey and trying to build Lenny's skill there - I notice that the
> compass is still wavering slightly.  Alas I fail to get a skill-up.

   No lizard.  I want one I want one I want one!  When I get it, Lenny
will probably have the Jboots full time.  And I keep telling him to work
on his sense heading.  Most of the skill he does have is from when I two
box him.  

> I navigate the Warrens with little problem.  I'm a little worried about
> running past the guards to the newbie field - I don't know what Lenny's
> faction issues are - but the guards are green and don't aggro.  I zone out
> to Toxx, resist the temptation to attack a snake just to see what it's like
> to fight as a warrior, and click on the book.  Lenny zones into PoK without
> a problem and I quickly log him off.

   You could have just bashed it, then waited for Lenny to riposte it to
death.  Lenny has gone afk in places where skeletons attack him, no
matter how green they are, and come back to find several piles of broken
bones at his feet.  If you actually went into attack mode, though, the
fight would be over in one blow.

> I call Teapray's cell phone and get her husband, Lenny himself.  I explain
> that I've moved the characters and also tell him that I put some of
> Teapray's bags into her bank - I know I'd be nervous if I logged in my
> character and found half of his bags missing from inventory.  He thanks me.

   Naw.  I knew I had been in trader mode... dunno why I didn't think to
tell you that critical information, though.


> I also run a manual virus scan just to be sure - no virii found.

    I wonder if the recent worms and virii and whatever had anything to
do my connection problems.  It would be nice to have someone other than 
SOE to blame for a change.

> During all these struggles, I keep doing a listing of the serverwide.age
> channel.  Teapray refuses to appear.  I'm hoping she simply hasn't joined
> the channel but I fear that moving the characters to PoK didn't help her.  I
> end the night by using Monual to drag Marrtuk's corpse from deep inside
> Dulak - Marrtuk had done the Light of Nife quest, and while he got the spell
> he also got killed.  Monual drags the corpse successfully, then I log on
> Marrtuk and loot it.  It's about 2am when I do this, and before I log off I
> do one more listing of the serverwide.age channel.  Lo and behold - Teapray
> is there!  I cheer for her, but get no response - likely AFK.  I guess that
> she found some other solution to her problem.

   And _you_ must have been afk when I sent you (Monual) a tell letting
you know that I was on, and thanking you again.  

    After Lenny hung up with you, we went to log in.  Actually, we
decided to delete the zones we were stuck in and repatch them Just In
Case.  Since we are on dail-ups, this took a while, over an hour.  We
were nervous during this time.  Not because we wondered if we would wake
up in an odd place or naked or anything, but because after 3 days, we
really wanted to just get in, even for a minute!  I'd been crowing abit
in /serverwide.age:age that I would be able to cast temp soon... I was
starting to feel All Grown Up.  And then whammo!  I can log on with any
character _except_ Teapray.  It was like all the EQ gods got together
and decided that no way in Hell I would ever have character that high. 
It was singularly frustrating.  I wanted to start exploring new
content...not go back and kill some more bats and snakes.  I couldn't
even play my alt Lentea who is 27 because she is a "main" on a third
account!  Lenny was doing a slow burn too.  It was becoming more and
more obvious to us that SOE would not be comming up with any quick
fixes.

   Finally, we get to the character select screen.  To be honest, I
didn't look to see where I was.  I knew I was in the PoK.  I fight the
urge to hold my breath when I enter world.  Which is good, because it
was taking a long time.  Finally my screen goes black.  The moment of
truth!  Would I finally be seeing the polished marble of the buildings
of the PoK?  Nope... I saw a list of servers instead.  I gave out a
small squawk of frustration.  I was honestly surprised.  I had heard
several reports that being walked out had helped many people, and none
that it has failed. It _should_ have worked, dammit!  I was not only mad
for myself, but also for having wasted so much of Richard's time.  I
suspected that he would be monitoring the chat channel for my return,
and I really wanted to let him know that is efforts had paid off.  Lenny
ws too disgusted to say anything.  Wordlessly, he went into account and
changed his password, as did I.  Then we tried to bring up Lentea, to
the same effect.  Then we changed her password too.  I want to stress
that I don't think that any harm at all could come from Richard having
the old passwords... but it's just part of our core belief's that that
should stay only with us.  And I am sure that Richard would want us to
change the password also... in case something ever did happen to our
accounts, he would not even want to be thought about.  

    I log out of EQ, and send Richard an Email with the bad news.  I
also posted briefly about it on the newsgroup.  I didn't name Richard
even though I did want to thank him, because I didn't know if he wanted
to be publicly know.  After all, I was certain that Lenny and I had
violated the EULA by trying this, and possibly he had as well. Or maybe
not.  But whatever the case, I felt it was his call.  I also formally
"give up".  I guessed I would be playing alot of Civilization and
Tropico.  I was tired, but I take one last look at the forum, with the
idea that I would post that "walking out" did not work for me.

   Instead, I see a subject line that speaks of a possible fix. 
Something along the lines of going into our network options, and turning
off QOS.  It sounds very simple to try, so I call Lenny over and we give
it a shot.  We are not real hopeful, you understand.  If the miracle
cure of walking us out didn't work, we wonder if anything will.

   So we tried one more time, without much in the way of expectations. 
But this time, I saw a tree!  I was in!  YAY!  Lenny got in also.  I
announced my return in age chat.. but no one really seemed to care.  No
bother.  _I_ was happy!  I sent a tell to Monual, but got no reply.  I
figure he was afk.  Lenny goes to bed, and I take Teapray back the
bazaar.  I still want that lizard you see, and no one is just going to
hand me one.

> So, while neither Monual nor Marrtuk materially gained anything - in fact,
> Marrtuk lost a level - it was quite a productive night for me.  I fixed some
> problems and tried to help a fellow EQ player and got to experience a new
> server with unfamiliar rules.  One of these days I just may have to create
> an alt there.  =)

    Yes!  Do it!  Come over!  I'm not rich by any stretch, but I can
help you out so that you don't have to scramble to be able to afford
your first backpack and such.  And it's sorta fun being in a place where
almost everything is droppable.  It felt pretty weird logging on to
Lany's (to see if I could when I was locked out of FV) and looking in
the bazaar and finding no Temperance spells.   I'd be happy to bring
Teapray around and help you get through the boring whacking snakes and
bats stage too.  Or just drop temp on you and your pet, if you have
one.  Don't worry about the language barrier... if you log on when Lenny
is home, we can teach you anything you like rather quickly.  If it's
just me, well, it will just take a bit longer, is all.  And remember,
Lance is playing here too now.  We'd make a great group!  /jumps up and
down

    Thank you again for the time and effort you put out to help us.  I
hope that I might have the chance to repay your kindness.  Though that
_would_ be easier if you were start an alt on FV....

   
--
Annie

Currently playing:
Teapray-- 43 High Elf Cleric on Firiona Vie

Lentea-- 27 Ogre Beastlord On Firiona Vie

--
If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write
me.


