From 1108216627749500412
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9161fef7d7e45aa1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 07 Aug 2006 06:18:03 -0500
Date: Mon, 07 Aug 2006 07:18:01 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: A tale of two Cities
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <asmdncpBS4f2vErZnZ2dnUVZ_o2dnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 144
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.48.203
X-Trace: sv3-WAD61QtRKFENWNLS26NSVcZsQvWoQfo0yS4ptl9kE3qoQMaWTKd5aJUzebyVfOloLnLADPtnVddoCVA!k+Xv+amGF3lBbUm3atefL7Si5mQEgW/GoiSxK2W4mBuicZY519VrK2YAxjMMe+WnFg6EJnSZVmug!QGqisz9zJ44=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3488

It was the best of zones, it was the worst of zones.

I worked too hard out in the heat on Tuesday, and then had to work
outside again on Wednesday... so Thursday I decided to take the day off
and stay indoors playing EQ all day in the air conditioning.

I logged in, ran over to the City of Mist, started soloing with the LFG
flag up, and very shortly saw a group calling for a tank.  Well as
usual, I hit my hotkey

/ooc Group seeking 5 more, have 50 SK

which for some reason amuses me, and seems to get a favorable response.

The group consisted of a shaman, druid, enchanter, monk, and rogue.  We
formed up at the zone line, and then headed off to the bridge, invis and
with a little care to avoid undead this took all of a few seconds.  The
rogue popped the door open for us, and we went in past a group fighting
the reaver and golems.  A ways down the hall we hit an undead, beat it
down in quick order, reinvised and headed on up.  At the top we had to
take out another couple undead to get to our camp spot inside the last
tower prior to the second locked door.  Then we proceded to kill and
kill and kill, smooth and steady, for the next 4 hours or so.  We did
have a death or two in that time, but were on good terms with the group
in the tower below us who had a cleric, so rezzes weren't a problem per
se.  Eventually we replaced the rogue with a wizard, and later the
enchanter with a bard, but things continued to go smoothly overall,
until the shaman druid and monk all had to leave simultaneously, and we
opted to evac out and call it a day.

I got nearly two and a half levels in that time, as well as several
drops which were upgrades, and even a couple items for my son's little mage.

Later, after I'd run around and bought some spells and so on, a bard
from my guild contacted me asking if I'd go back in, there was a
particular drop there he'd been trying to get for days.  Well, sure, the
exp was fantastic even though I was pretty sure I had all the drops I
wanted from the spot, and I'd be helping a guildie.

He put together a group: bard, SK, druid, ranger, enchanter and
necromancer.  .. but they were spread out and busy doing this or that
chore they had to finish up, so we were sitting at the zone line
waiting.  Eventually we got everyone together, and ran off for the
bridge... the druid died on the way.  How, I can't imagine, because he
was SOWed and besides its easy to avoid the few undead mobs if you keep
your eyes open, but there you go... I suspect he was following the bard
instead of running it himself.

After a little effort we found him a rez, got him back on his feet, and
in we went again.  Rounding the first corner in the hallway, we ran into
an undead, and this time it was me who nearly died, at first the group
was spread out and half took a while to figure out they needed to come
back to the fight, and then as far as I can tell the mob never got
slowed and the druid healing was definately underwhelming.

But we got that taken care of, and managed to move back up to the 3rd
floor camp... where we proceded to get our butts kicked.  Bard pulled in
about 4 mobs, enchanter was apparantly AFK sitting down, so he got
chewed up in quick order, then bard mezzed 3 and the fourth mob came
close to taking me out, again unslowed and minimal healing.  We healed
up for a while with the bard locking down the three remaining mobs, then
I broke mez on one and we went to town with similar results... except
that the necromancer liched down to low hp aggro and got taken out in
quick order.  With a chunk of our DPS gone, this fight went even worse.
   Rested up again (luckily we still had the Clarity) and took on the
third mob, now with some bard melee assistance, still really tough
fight; finally the fourth mob, with the bard able to throw heal and mana
at us, was an improvement but still iffy.

Well we got the two dead people rezzed up eventually, no cleric in the
tower now so I ended up getting a lev, going invis, and dragging them 
out and off the walkway down to the ground and to a cleric in the 
stables.  Then we had to wait for someone to open the door as none of us 
had the key, before we could run back up.  The enchanter decided to log, 
and we got a Mage replacement, deciding it would work out to have the 
bard mez.  Well it did and it didn't, bard mez meant no bard haste or 
slow or HP regen or mana regen till the number of mobs in camp dropped 
down to 2 or so (yes, I know bards who can mez one charm a second to 
offtank a third and still run HP and mana... but that was not this bard)

More deaths ensued, including the mage dying on the way up the ramp.

We never did get the camp really smooth again thru a whole spawn cycle, 
exp slowed to a crawl even though I myself wasn't dying, I can't imagine 
what it must have been for the frequently dead.  But there was more 
drama to come.

A sword of the mist dropped.  Now in my previous group, three had 
dropped, the rogue took one NBG and we rolled the other two, I happened 
to lose but wasn't that impressed with it anyway.  Apparantly I've 
underestimated the thing, as people were salivating over it in the guild 
chat, and the whole reason the bard had wanted to come group where I was 
was trying to get one of these things; he'd been LFG in COM for three 
days prior, apparantly, trying to get one.  Well he asked if anyone else 
  wanted one before we started, and the ranger said yes.  But when it 
dropped, he asked and nobody spoke up, so he looted it.  A minute later, 
the ranger asked to roll on it.  You'd think he'd been shot. 
Particularly when he lost the roll.

Now things got nasty, a few minutes later a Green Jade Broadsword 
dropped.  Now thats a rare and needed for ranger epic item, while the 
sword of the mist is something I'd seen 4 of in a few hours time.  But 
the bard ninja loots it and then tells the ranger he's going to keep it 
and sell it, since she already has a loot.  He tries to get her to 
trade.  Then he gets pissed off and gives her the GJB straight, saying 
he doesn't want the sword of the mist.  We procede to get overwhelmed, I 
suspect in part because the bard is off his game... .at any rate the 
ranger dies (I know, that line is like "so two rabbi's walk into a 
bar...") and the rest of us end up running and jumping off the catwalk 
and scrambling for the zone line.

Where the group procedes to break up.  Ranger body still stuck up in the 
tower.  I die trying to get to it first time when something in the black 
reaver room sees thru my invis and I get ganged by the whole room, die 
in the hall trying to squeak out an FD thru the interrupts, no joy. 
 From there I have some real difficulty, lacking buffs and with people 
training mobs around in clusters of mixed live and dead.  I manage to 
pull my body out right thru the wall of the tunnel, so I get geared up 
again, but by now the ranger has to log.  Well it takes me a while 
longer but I manage to use a combination of invis and FD to get back up 
to the camp, jump off without lev (560 damage, not the 200 a shaman 
reported on an earlier jump) and get ranger body to the zone line for 
her to pick up later, get myself a rez, and call it a night.

Four hours in the morning, 2 and a half levels.  Four hours in the 
evening, net less than half a level, I didn't ding till the next day!

Oh, as a coda, the next morning I was out soloing in DL for lack of 
anything better to do (oh, and for a really nice two hand blunt I'd seen 
drop in a group a few days before) and the ranger came running up to me 
and tried to hand me money for the CR.  I don't know about anyone else, 
but I see group CR as part of the duty of everyone in the group, and 
couldn't believe people broke up leaving the ranger body up there.  I 
sure wasn't going to leave it, nor take any money for getting it.

A couple days later, I've purchased a copy of Summon Corpse, and I'll 
admit I'll accept cash for a coffin if we end up using one in a similar 
situation in the future, the high cost of dying as it were... but maybe 
I won't.  After all, I paid for several of those rezzes for groupmates 
out of my pocket and didn't ask for that money back, how would coffin 
money be any different?

Berg, 54 SK, Combine



