From 5227491687542776979
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1b757895b1d1dc8c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-18 07:19:24 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: nyarrlathotep@antisocial.com (blue girl with white hair and red eyes)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Got ticked, not sure why really.
Date: 18 Nov 2002 07:19:23 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 175
Message-ID: <d85db693.0211180719.3bea2321@posting.google.com>
References: <ara1d4$h6m$1@slb6.atl.mindspring.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.31.106.34
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1037632763 17222 127.0.0.1 (18 Nov 2002 15:19:23 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 18 Nov 2002 15:19:23 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:246382

"Anthony Nelson" <a_nelson@mindspring.com> wrote in message news:<ara1d4$h6m$1@slb6.atl.mindspring.net>...
> I recently started a Gnome Enchanter with the goal of using her as a
> Tradeskill Master.
> Well, She is up to 16 now.  Even have all but the Lesser Feydark spells.
> To the point.  I needed practice with Mesmerization.  I got in an Oasis
> group. ( I bet you can already guess where this is going too)  Well, I asked
> them to set up assist on the puller, I would mez the adds and extras.
>     Did they????
> 
>     Not a chance in Hell.
> 
>      I mez, they scattered and attacked ALL the mezzed mobs.  I put up with
> this for 3 pulls then left them to die as the undead waltzed thrue the area
> behind the tents at the docks,  Along with the SG that killed it's Kiter.
> To say the least, I was more than a little upset.  I guess they must be
> Noobs, or just didn't give a darn about my crowd control.  I asked and
> explained it 3 times, but to no avail.  >sigh<
> 
> As to Her trade skills?  Money will always be the issue.
> 
> Traderantra 16 Enchanter
> 174 baking
> 2 fletching
> 43 Jewel crafting
> 64 Tailoring
> 34 Pottery
> 95 Smithing
> 99 brewing
> 16 tinkering ( give that one time)

Welcome to life as an enchanter. I started EQ a couple years ago as a
DE wizard and I hadnt the faintest idea what was going on. The first
night someone named Ashee on the nameless server helped me out by
showing me around the nektulos newbie area and around town. That alone
helped me stick with it because newbie levels were way tougher back
then. The RL friend who turned me on to Eq then told me he was on the
Luclin server so I switched there. I then made an enchanter (because I
thought clarity was cool and Gift of Pure thought godly). I thought I
would totally own because, with my own mana regen, I should be able to
cast non stop. Well, the first 7 levels flew by then 7 to 15 was
tough. Then i got breeze and to my suprise not many people cared
because they got clarity from people passing by or were melee and
didnt need it. Now this was in oasis mind you and with all the trains
and such I was sure they would appreciate crowd control.   NOT!   You
will experience the exact same thing throughout the game all the way
to level 65. The game is chock full of idiots, children and druids.
The advice he gave you to group with twinks is a good one because they
have a higher chance of being someone who has been in your shoes and
knows how to work with an enchanter. But my messgage to you is to
learn to solo when you cant get a group. I gave up on my enchanter
around 16th level. Then I played a warrior, necro, druid, rogue,
beastlord, cleric, wizard, shaman. Then by that time i had enough
extra gear and money to get some decent stuff for my enchanter.
However, what was more important was my understanding of the game
mechanics and my lack of concern about dying. I had more cajones to do
stuff I wouldnt have attempted when it was my second character and I
didnt know what was going on. Heres some of what I did:


>>Get a KEI from another enchanter.<<   Yes, as much as I hate to
admit it, getting a C3 from another enchanter will make life a lot
easier. You can still do without because you have your own mana regen
but it will make soloing much better xp than a group for your levels.
This is a dual edged sword because that which helps us solo keeps us
out of a group because every other caster is getting KEI before
grouping so they dont see the need for you. Such advanced concepts as
/assist and mezmerize are far beyond the comprehension of mere
mortals. (Oh you are so mercifully free of the ravages of
intelligence.)

>>Learn to charm kite.<<   This is really tricky so do it next to zone
line if you can. Wait till mobs are close to one another (with one of
them conning blue to you) and charm one and make it attack the other.
Keep re-charming it to make sure it doesnt break. When both of their
hit points are at one bubble nuke one to kill it then make pet "guard
here". Then step back and use invis on yourself to break charm and if
your pet is below one bubble of health he'll just walk away then you
nuke him and get xp. If not then break charm far enough away from him
to get a root in before he gets to you. In later levels this works
well enough for you to be your own group. While pet is killing you
tash and root or mezz other mobs and put them into the queue for
attacks. Repeat charm after every kill and when you run out of mana
make him guard here and get a head start to zone, guards or out to
"screw it...he's too far away" range. Remember you always keep aggro
until you zone or die so if they get beyond range then you walk past
them again theyll pay you a visit.

>>Buy sow potions or trade breeze for sow.<<   Get pushy and butt into
groups and ask the shaman or druid for a sow. Then go back to soloing.
I didnt like this but people dont have a problem sending you a tell
asking for mana regen so dont worry about asking for sow. My druid
prefers to sow people as quickly as possible to get them to leave me
alone. Being able to outrun mobs is a necessity when you are charm
kiting because when it breaks you got 2 angry mobs on you.

>>Learn to root nuke kite.<<   Enchanter nukes suck. Even at 51st
level my best nuke barely does half a bubble of damage to the 4 armed
freaks in maidens eye. But you still have some dot's as well so mem
your best and second best nukes and a dot and root/tash then find
something blue and blast away. Keep sow up and level close to zone if
you can. I did like 2 levels a day this method. Works better at sub 40
levels.

>>Learn to be helpful to the idiots.<<  Kind of sounds contrary to my
attitude but it is even more necessary for people who have a hard time
finding groups. The only people this doesnt pertain to are the a-holes
who grace your ignore list. I have saved many a life by casting mem
blur, mezz or root on a mob who was about to kill someone. When
helping follow with a mem blur to clear hate list. Dish out breeze or
clarity for those who ask for it. Do it to passers by as well. People
remember cool people and will want you in a group if they con amiable
or higher. (a cleric friend of mine considers me an ally) Dont accept
money for your help. People are too used to port whores and are
shocked when you cancel the trade button. This gets you farther in
life than the 2pp ever will.

>>Keep your PBAOE stuns up at all times.<<  Color flux and such will
save your arse when getting hit. Dont be scared to go toe to toe with
a mob. You can take a few hits....just time it right, stun him, and
root or mezz immediatly. Use your fastest casting root or mezz. Dont
try to move back beyond melee range after stunning, start quickly
pressing root even as the spell gem refreshes so you can get the spell
off while stun is still in effect. Ive tried to use it to get me time
to run but every time I would still get whacked. Let my deaths with
this serve you to not make the same mistake!

>>Make friends with a cleric.<<  One of the coolest things I got going
now is a cleric/enchanter duo. This enables me to use my animation in
places that I wouldnt and let him tank. I haste Jabober, cleric pulls,
I root then slow, step in to take a hit, Jabober gets mad and attacks
mob, then we nuke and stun mob to death. I never thought of this as a
duo but it was with a cleric I was grouped with and we got to talking
about Osama bin Laden and 9-11 and islamic terrorism and kept talking
now we group or duo all the time. Hell, everquest is a chatroom with
mobs. Also, you have the foundation for a good group and most everyone
in the zone will want to join (notice they didnt before the cleric
arrived on the scene.) Just make certain you and the cleric agree on
tactics and fully explain whats going on to the tanks. Allow them a
few mistakes because they need to learn how to work this the right
way. Also mezz will break on its own, lag can affect people selections
and so forth. But if people are dumb and just dont listen then boot
their ass. No reason you should die for their stupidity. Thats reverse
Darwinism. I inform group about mezzing and cleric should inform them
as well. Otherwise I stop mezzing all the adds and cleric stops
healing them (so he doesnt get aggro from the adds) Anyone with
multiple brain cells should be able to see the benefit at that point.

>>Scout for a decent guild.<<  Getting into a good guild isnt all that
hard. Just be careful not to mistake uber gear for a good guild. At
least I see it that way. Some guilds on my server (Luclin) are 60 and
over only that are totally into end game raids. They also are snotty
brats. As you level up youll get to know who's a good player......and
who's not so good. Youll see trends develop with certain guilds being
a magnet for brash arrogant people and others for helpful laid back
people. Being laid back doesnt necessarily get you into end game
situations but guilds like that arent as volatile and as such people
stick around to help each other out. After a while you end with with a
ton of post 60 players who get into some cool raids. You probably wont
be killing all the gods or the emperor any time soon but youll live a
longer, happier life.



Inndigo  51st Illusionist <Fearless Crusaders> Luclin server

 134 baking
 49 fletching
 250 Jewel crafting
 21 Tailoring
 154 Pottery
 21 Smithing
 21 brewing
 130 Research

>^..^<


