From 5989634589718562352
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,486b80b2ba75d14e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-05-24 15:41:57 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!nycmny1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!news-out.visi.com!hermes.visi.com!yellow.newsread.com!bad-news.newsread.com!netaxs.com!newsread.com!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3CEEBF4E.2955E75A@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Are Clerics Doomed to Terminal Ass-Sitting?
References: <3CED0513.8C57BE0C@fakespam.yahoo.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 156
Date: Fri, 24 May 2002 22:31:51 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.235.210
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1022279511 66.109.235.210 (Fri, 24 May 2002 18:31:51 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 24 May 2002 18:31:51 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:197921



"Annie M. Benson-Lennaman" wrote:

>    The reason I ask is that although I have played many, many classes, I've never
> gotten a cleric higher than 14.  Still, this is the class I choose as my main in FV,
> and is what I'll probably be playing more or less exclusively (my interest in playing
> any other server than FV is minimal, now.  I feel like I've come home).  I choose a
> cleric for a few reasons; because I do enjoy being the group's healer with my shaman,
> Lenny is a warrior and in the long run will probably benefit most, IMO, from a cleric
> partner, and because I figured that clerics might be in relatively short supply on
> low population, single character server where many have chosen to play classes that
> traditionally solo better.
>    So far, so good.  I've been working on both my defensive and offensive skills.
> Lenny and I can duo yellow and low reds pretty well.  My guild has a shortage of both
> clerics and warriors, so we are already considered valuable additions. Right now
> their best tank is a half-elf ranger, and the only other warriors they have are a
> couple of elves and half elves.  Lenny has by far the most "heavy tank" potential of
> the whole guild.  And there are only 2 or 3 other clerics, that I know of.
>    So, what can I expect as I get older?  Am I doomed to have to sit on my ass, only
> watching health, as I get older?  I know that I won't be a puller (which is a shame,
> because with my other characters, I do seem to have a talent for it), but can I be
> anything more than a healer and pre-fight buffer?  I would appreciate any insight or
> advice from other clerics, or those who might have some constructive comments about
> the class.
>
> Annie <--- Knows not to specialize in Evocation.

Cleric is an amazingly flexible class.  Sit and heal is a functional strategy, the
obvious one most people will go for, in fact.  However there are other
options, and to me, the best clerics are familiar with them all because
this makes them able to do more, and also because this keeps them
from getting so bored they drop the class like a hot brick.

Melee.  Most people will either laugh me off the planet or try to string
me up for saying this, but clerics make decent melees if you work at it.
While they lag behind "real" melee in skills, bonuses, and so forth up
into the 40s, they can still be competitive.  My second cleric (current one)
was designed around this idea, after my first somewhat whimpy one
got a lucky drop early in Velious release and turned into a melee madman.
Trick is to get a high damage high delay weapon, and pick a high str high
stamina race (dwarf) Good cleric gear is high AC gear so you can take
a pounding, this means that ... surprise, you -can- take a pounding, probably
better than that ranger or rogue you are grouped with anyway.  I didn't stop
meleeing (with a staff I paid 200pp for at level 10) until level 44, when
the average paladin my level finally started doing more damage per minute
than I did, my melee skills capped out, and my nuke finally got to where
Nuke plus med time to regen the lost mana was more damage than staying
standing and swinging.  That was a function of weapon, though, at 54 I got
a new toy that once again made a mockery of Nuke and med... if you can
lay your hands on Righteousness (priest only 1hb 20/22 with 100dd stun
proc and nice stats) you'll still be swinging at 59...or at least I am)

Stun Gun.  Many mobs are spell casters.  Clerics can stop this annoying
habit they have developed, for surprisingly little mana.  Best stun is the
level 5 one, which is very fast and does no damage at all, so it gets resisted
less and never breaks mez.  The others are to be used when the first
is cycling.. it takes 18+ seconds to be ready again and only lasts 6.
When you get your third stun, you can literally "chain stun" a mob, never
letting it do a thing.  But even with just one, you can watch for the
"XXX is casting a spell" message and slap that stun in to stop it cold.
To make this work you pretty much have to be standing and so might
as well be tossing in what melee damage you can muster... see above.

Root parker.  No chanter handy?  Get the add's attention, back off
out of melee range from the party, and root it.  Now move away and
watch it stand there helplessly till the party is ready for it.  Alternately,
see mobs breaking aggro off the MA and running for the nukers/chanters/
slowers all the time?  ((( this is sloppy on the part of your party members,
who need to learn to control aggro... but))) Root it next to the MA and
let him use proximity aggro to keep it on him and off the other melee.

Nuker.  While the mana to damage ratio of a cleric isn't the greatest,
it isn't awful either.  Especially against undead mobs, you may find it
cheaper on mana to Kill that mob instead of healing your tanks repeatedly.
Grouped with other nukers, there may be no tank at all to heal, your
healing is for mistakes, and most of your time is spent nuking instead.

Doter:  at high levels you eventually get undead only DOTs.  You get
some at low levels, but they are embarassingly inefficient, and should
only be used if you are partnered with a root DOT'er and don't want
to break root with a nuke.  In your 50s though you get a very decent
undead DOT and can play "do it yourself" soloing Root/DOT style.
Stack all three DOTs on if you want things to go faster, if you happen
to have C3 or something so mana isn't such an issue.

Master Looter.  Often clerics end up doing this job simply to insure
they get their cut of the loot; they tend to be trusted, as largely group
and therefor community dependant, and have more time to read stats
and so forth while pulls are coming in.

Group leader:  As a cleric, its relatively easy to form a group of your
own, and take leadership of it.  Your class is more in demand, and
when you send a tell to a chanter or warrior you are more likely to
get a "sure" than a rogue would be.  If you are of the "sit and heal"
persusasion, you are in a good position to be handling group issues,
and you are more aware than most of the HP and mana situation.

Puller:  clerics can actually do this job fairly well, for a class with no
FD.  Cancel Magic is a very low aggro pull, as is Stun.  With cancel
you have a decent shot at single pulls where an arrow or small nuke
would get a group, with Stun the mob will sit still for a while before
taking off after you.  You also have the HP and AC to take some shots
from the bad guys on the way in, and DA and run to zone to abort a
really bad pull, like a sloppy FD.  The lull line should also help you
be a good puller but its CRAP so don't even think about that.

Fear kiter:  Partner with someone with Snare, and your Fear line
comes in to play.  Make sure you know where to pull to so that
you have a good long running area with no adds (pulling to near zone
lines in many places works well, as does pulling to the wall in many others)
and make sure the mob is snared first, then fear it.  A snared feared
mob strolls slowly away, ignoring any nukes, melees, or other spells
with the exception of Root (which turns him back to attack anyone in
melee range, fear or no fear)  You follow along, either catching up
and then sitting again, or staying in melee range swinging, as befits
your preference and mana status, and reapply fear as needed.  Sometimes
if your runway is short, you need the mob brought back to start before
fearing again.   Don't, at any rate, sit there at start while it wanders off,
it will go out of fear range, and will also probably get out of range for
you to get the exp when it dies.  Special note:  DE clerics can get a
snare item that makes it possible to solo this way, or to partner with non-
snarers and work this way.  The snare sucks, but it -can- get the job done.

Root and Shoot soloing.  Its sloppy and inefficient, but you can root a
mob, move to maximum nuke range, nuke till root breaks, reroot, and
repeat till dead (the mob or you)  This will take most of your mana to
kill a blue mob, so you'll end up on your butt a -lot- but this can be
ideal if you need to do chores or homework or something.  Play for a minute,
sit for six, repeat.  SOW or JBoots or TBoots or Run AA are almost
a requirement for this approach, as otherwise you'll need to channel those
roots and then waste mana healing yourself back up, which may make
killing the blue impossible.

Pet class. At 54 you get what is possibly the worst pet in the game.  It
takes an outrageous amount of mana to cast, won't listen to commands,
has only 100 hp, and kills itself when it can't find a target.  But, it also
does damage comperable to a similar level mage's pet, and can be buffed
up by you to quite healthy HP totals.  Mobs that can be hurt only by
melee damage can be defeated with the aid of this pet if you are clever
about it, and there is a lot of fun to be had running thru low level dungeons
like Minnesota Fats running a pool table.  I soloed my epic mobs in LRathe
and SolA with one of these, as well as killing every goblin in SolA at one point.

Hmm, what else.  Well, there are a number of trade skills you can practice
while medding, and since the recent patch this is no longer a sick joke, nor
an obsession with the thurgadin Shawl quests.

Hmm, I'm off EQ so I can do some chores and here I am talking about my
favorite topic.   There's more a cleric can do, but you'll have to figure that
out on your own.  Every Spell is useful (Lull -should- be but its broken)

Bergh Brelltender
59 cleric and glad of it.  Butt relatively unflat, no excess of sitting




