From -9145911202109867651
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c97b01e0d59f2288,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 31 Jul 2004 07:19:00 -0500
Date: Sat, 31 Jul 2004 08:18:57 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Grage works on Epic
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <jcidnddsRdypE5bcRVn-vg@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 213
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.105
X-Trace: sv3-FXtT4ypZDrvPcIQGN4AWkIK1ebS4VPi1g3Ays4c4ODsNhmoF6C4BO7vHcnAlrEQtsL0VC/OrwYMZ6D8!rZ9U+QirFBuu59lCYc6hKeuiLo88h8bKl29OJMC0CjMk+u6Qw1pjMp1mpKPBY0/QCXaRKvOPPVbH
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.13
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11885

Way back when I was a little Berserker of 5 or so I looked over the 
class epic quest, didn't see anything I could work on before starting, 
so I decided to ignore it till 45 when the guy will first talk to you.

Well, make that 47, I forgot about doing it in the rush to get from 45 
(upgrade to buffs) to 46 (planar and even better buffs) to 47 (all the 
best buffs in game now available)

Remembering yesterday that I'd meant to look into it again at 45, I went 
and hunted down details.  Turns out there were some things I could have 
worked on earlier, but as the mobs in question are all level 51 or so, 
its not something I could be doing with my friends who are all around my 
level, I'd have to drag in their alts or hire a wrecking crew or something.

Well, anyway, the first step is, according to the writeups I found, 
soloable if tedious

I stocked up on the components to make my best throwing axe, then took 
the FV book and ran around to LOIO, went and found the epic starter guy, 
a barbarian.  Talking to him got me a no stats item labled as an axe 
(not weildable) and a medal, and a name.  Ran over to where the guy in 
question pops, handed him the axe and got three throwers with worse 
stats than my summoned ones, but with some kind of proc and with a 
damage bonus of 80 against chodakai.  Which made me go Hmm, are there 
other chodakai these would work on?  But he'll only give three at a 
time, no refills till you use em up, so unless those other mobs are in 
LOIO they won't be much help.

Then I responded to his text and he spawned the Impervious Beast 
"somewhere nearby".  The walkthru I printed out was no more helpful than 
that.  Roamed around the area for a while before finally spotting it in 
a defile to the north of the ghost's spawn point.  Although the ghost 
had nothing further helpful to add, he followed me around, and when I 
got aggro from an icebone skeleton, he peeled off and killed it for me.

As I looked for a good spot to begin, a sabertooth grimalkin got too 
close and was rapidly eaten, but managed to get the Beast to 99%, a feat 
I was soon to learn was impressive for a green to me mob.  I think a FD 
class could actually bring a bunch of cats from around the zone over and 
do some damage to this guy by lying down and letting the Beast get the 
love... although I can't tell if it aggroed on the cat or the cat on it.

OK, so the deal with this beast is that he's perma rooted and doesnt' 
summon and doesn't have any ranged weapons, but he has an outrageously 
large DS, is red at 47, has tons of HP.  I'm supposed to kill him with 
the axes provided by the ghost, although its pretty clear that three 
aren't going to do the job.

I had read several tricks to this, so I started out by trying one; I 
loaded my normal throwing axes (34/31) in my range slot and the three 
special models in my ammo slot, and threw one.  After finding a spot 
where I didn't get "too high/low" message I got a throw in, but also got 
an out of range message.  Looking at inventory, I'd used one of the 
three special axes, which wasn't the plan.

Now I swapped slots so the special axes were in my range slot and my 
normal axes in my ammo slot.  This worked, in that I used a normal axe 
instead of one of the special axes.  You use ammo slot down to one axe, 
then start drawing out of your inventory, and only use the last ammo 
slot axe when you have none of that type left; then when thats gone you 
use whatever axe is in range slot till its gone as well.

I still got an out of range message, which was odd because I hit the 
thing fair and square, damage reported back and everything. Threw an 
entire stack of axes at him, getting the out of range message every 
time, before finally moving in a little closer; now I get the message 
"Impervious Bloodbeast screams as the blood is burned away."  Message 
repeats each time I hit him, a couple hits in I get "Your target has 
been cured."

It seems that the range on the Effect: Blood Scream is shorter than the 
150 range of my normal throwers, in fact it turns out to be shorter than 
the range of 125 throwers too.  This morning (too late to matter, if it 
did) I looked it up on Lucy, and I see that its range 100, and the 
effect is to reduce disease counters by one.  Thats where the Cured 
message is coming from; the beast must have a DS that has disease counters.

To me, this is exciting news, although I don't know that it has any 
practical application, will have to look around; but I can get a 
proccing thrower and not use it up, as long as I don't use up the normal 
ammo, I can get the proc and yet keep the proccing item.

At the moment, it looks like I could go to paladul and set up shop 
offering to duel people, throw stuff at them proccing cure disease till 
the crud comes off, then they zone, I win duel, and we go away happy.

My walkthru says the axes proc often.  Well, my dex isn't at all high, 
but the axe procs every single time.  Trouble is, the proc isn't 
actually doing anything, the damage I'm doing is all from my axe throwing.

Eventually I run out of normal throwers and rapidly go thru the two 
remaining special ones I have, to run out of ammo.  Turning to Lingering 
Axefall (the ghost) I try his trigger phrase, which doesn't work, but 
then hail him, and get replacement special axes.  Equip those, make more 
throwers for myself, then get back to work.

After getting the mob down to 90%, which takes 10 minutes 15 seconds, 
including a brief interruption to replace the normal and special axes, I 
decide to try one of the other special tactics I'd read about.

I moved in and began melee on the beast, just long enough to get hit 
once (I hit him twice, for less damage than my throwers had been 
averaging, no DS).  Then I backed out and went back to throwing, the 
ghost had moved in and engaged.  For some reason, even though 
permarooted, the mob ignored the closer NPC and just stood there getting 
beat on.

I resumed throwing, and managed to once again run out of axes, got 
replacements from Lingering even though he was meleeing at the time, 
finally got the mob to 80%, took only 4 minutes 28 seconds this way, 
Lingering apparantly does as much melee DPS as I do with throwing DPS.

I resume throwing, but now I slow down to one every 10 seconds or so, 
intending to see how the little guy does on his own.  Eventually I go 
for a soda, and come back to find him dead and the beast despawned.

There's a message from the beast, "Impervious Bloodbeast runs at a 
menacing speed, seeking to end the life of a berserker's spirit.", which 
I'd seen before while ghost was meleeing, but nothing had happened. 
Here, three seconds after that message was another, "Impervious 
Bloodbeast growls with satisfaction as it takes the life of an enemy 
blocking its way to the berserker's spirit." along with one reading 
"Lingering Axefall floats to the ground, a look of great disappointment 
on its ghostly face."

I'd gotten the Beast to about 73% on this first attempt.

Well, I went to start over, had some trouble with the original NPC, who 
wouldn't give me another one of those axes to start the quest, even 
after I destroyed my special throwers and the medal he hands out.  He 
does replace my medal though.  Well, I run back over to check and 
Lingering Axefall is back in his original spot, he responds to a hail by 
  telling me "You have returned to test your control once again, hm", so 
apparantly I'm flagged or something and don't need the axe again.  I get 
fresh special axes and the trigger phrase again summons the Beast in the 
same spot.

I get myself a snack to go with my soda, make sure all my misc errands 
are sewed up so I can just sit at machine for an extended time this time.

Again I get the cured message on the third proc (proc every time). I 
throw at him for a while, then run in and melee for a while till I get 
down to 50% hp, which doesn't take all that long despite me having 
Virtue on.  Beasts' high end hit is for 200, although he only does that 
once, mostly down in the lower half of the 100-200 range.  Lingering has 
again engaged, I back out and resume throwing.

Then I get jumped by an Icebone skeleton, I turn to beat on it, 
Lingering comes over and joins me.  Add Charbone, I go back to throwing. 
  Eventually Lingering finishes the charbone, comes back and attacks the 
Beast again.

So we're back to our jobs, me throwing, Lingering meleeing, when 
suddenly Lingering gets killed.  In retrospect, its possible that he was 
not killed by the beast directly, but rather by riposte; I took a 
riposte hit during my attempt at melee.

Well I ran in and melee'd, but in five seconds, Beast despawned, I'd 
gotten him to 85% this time, in 6 minutes 32 seconds

Back to epic starter, back to Lingering spawn site, back to Beast spawn 
to start on attempt three.

I've sworn off using the Ghost strategy, even though it doubled my DPS, 
it had also twice wiped out all my work.  So it was just throwers now.

Whenever I got jumped by roamers, I side stepped a bit (control arrow) 
to get out of melee range while the Ghost took care of the add for me, 
sort of like having a chanter pet handy.

I work away on throwing, getting him to 90%, 80%, finally slip up and 
run out of throwers and throw the special ones, get new ones from ghost, 
and decide to try another special tactic; I deliberately throw all 
three, get more, throw those, repeat repeat repeat.  The damage I do 
with these things is significantly higher, but in the end I go back to 
the stacks of regular axes plan; having to throw three, switch targets, 
hail, drop axes in autoequip, switch targets, throw three... well its 
too much work for for too little gain, in fact the switching costs me 
throwing time so I'm not even certain I did get more DPS in over the 
run, although I do stick to it long enough to get him down to 60%

I throw normals for a while, when I get bored of that I throw specials 
for a while, this time getting Lingering in between me and the beast so 
I don't have to turn, and putting Beast on my switch button so I only 
have to hit e to retarget him.  Get bored of that and switch back. 
Eventually there's a message on my log saying "getting sleepy, 39%"

Then I get a reprieve, my enchanter friend has logged on and sends me a 
tell, amazed that I'm still up.  Its 13 minutes after midnight my time 
by now, I've been doing this quest for two hours 8 minutes.  Chanter 
agrees to come help, although knowing her it will take some time, which 
turns out to be true; she's never been to LOIO and needs some help 
figuring out the way even though she has LOY map; its shocking to me to 
consider LOIO as an exotic locale, remembering how the place used to 
have over 150 people in it most of the time, back in the day.

By the time she arrives, I have the mob down to 23%.  She hastes me, 
tashes the mob, and then starts nuking, reporting substantial resists. 
Well, she's level 43 and the mob is red to me at 47... so some resists 
are to be expected.  She blows her entire mana bar, reporting 1% drop in 
mob HP per each of her largest nukes that stick.  Sits, meds up for more 
nuke, nukes as possible.  I'm still throwing the whole time.  Finally 
mob drops dead, 1 hour 33 minutes 39 seconds after engage, even with 
ench help towards the end... admittedly I was at the point of nodding 
off in places there at the end and had some gaps in my potential one axe 
every two seconds max rate.

Looted the tooth, made sure it wasn't No Rent, and logged out, thanking 
my friend for her push; I'd very likely have fallen asleep before 
finishing things out, soooo boring and being very tired.

Grage, 47 Berzerk with one step towards epic, Luclin



