From 557305393249237575
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,edbc83c80e623cc6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-07 10:13:04 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Jeff Lanham" <winter_orb@greeneggsandspam.hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: It's more than just a game...
Date: Fri, 7 Sep 2001 10:09:55 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <tphvr3j5m0h2f2@corp.supernews.com>
References: <3B970B56.C9F63178@qwest.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 132
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:115867

"Anne Michelle Forbes" <copperhawk@qwest.net> wrote in message news:3B970B56.C9F63178@qwest.net...
> ... don't ever forget that.
>
> http://pub31.ezboard.com/faquilophoenixfrm1.showMessage?topicID=893.topic
>
> /mourn Slarena's player
>
>
> --Kohpry Mossarrow, 58th Season Outrider
> --Aquilo Phoenix, Povar
> --Tentanda Via!

I did not know Slarena for I do not play on Povar, but I am sorry for
the loss of those who did.  I found the log text a bit heavy to read
through, so I thought I'd do a bit of clean up on two pieces I felt
where pertinent and post them here.  No disrespect intended for
those who also had things to say about Mr. Hudson.

      ---Eulogy by Vestas---
[59 Blackguard] Vestas (Half Elf) <Aquilo Phoenix>
------------------
You say, 'Thank you storrme, our hearts are with you.'
You say, 'Ladies and gentleman, I have written a small eulogy I'd
   like to give'
You say, 'When I am done, I will let you know and would love for
   each of you to say something about Slarena, anything you wish.'
You say, 'If it is too personal please send me a tell and it will
   be logged'
Vestas visibly stabilizes himself.
Vestas Shuffles through his notes.
You say, 'The log will be sent to Marion's family so they may see
   how much of a difference he has made on our lives'
Vestas sighs heavily and looks around.
You say, 'Stop for a second, put down your pens, and the phone,
   and your hands. Look around you, at your friends, strangers and
   your enemies.'
You say, 'These are not virtual characters you see before you, these
   are people. These are friends, lovers, housewives and CEO's.'
You say, 'That gnome over there'
Vestas points.
You say, 'He may have just lost his job. That druid'
Vestas points again.
You say, 'May have just had a little girl. The point is, they are
   human, they have souls.'
You say, 'Here on Norrath, we see these souls daily. Each of them
   carries a story with it. Like a book with a musty cover and
   torn pages.'
You say, 'As we read this story we entwine ourselves within its
   pages, characters of a much larger scene.'
You say, 'Slarena Whitewalker's book reached it's last page early
   this morning. A story that belonged to Marion Hudson.'
You say, 'A story that was not finished and now.... never will be.'
You say, 'Marion's story touched all of us, as he wove tale into
   our own stories, some grand, some small. Each a tiny light on
   our souls.'
You say, 'We no longer have Marion, no longer can we turn the pages
   in the book of Slarena Whitewalker. But each of us has a small
   piece of that story within our own.'
You say, 'It is through our own stories that Slarena, and Marion,
   shall forever be loved and cherished.For Marion Hudson did
   something extraordinary for our souls'
You say, 'He made a difference'
You say, 'Rest in Peace Marion, you will not be forgotten.'
Vestas shudders and cries silently.

   --- Story by Sardori---
* GM * [50 Shadow Knight] Sardori (Dark Elf) <Order of Povar>
----------------
Sardori says, 'I have a story if you wish to hear it'
Sardori says, 'it might be a little long but bear with me, my
   grandfather told this to me when I was little and had lost someone
   very precious to me'
Sardori says, 'I will share this with you'
Sardori says, 'Once long ago in fact so long the Gods ere young and
   walked the heavens and realm at will. In the beginning of the
   ages when the races were just born a remarkable event took place'
Sardori says, 'A God Child was born, she was a beautiful babe, the
   first even the Gods have seen'
Sardori says, 'As time were different then and the Gods closer they
   prepared a great celebration and these gifts were given'
Sardori says, 'from the Odarous she received here name and he touched
   both arms giving her strength'
Sardori says, 'from the goddess of love, she touched her chest and
   she was left with a great shimmering silvery heart for all to see
   the love she would have for the people and the world'
Sardori says, 'other gifts were intelligence, compassion, strong
   love for all forest creatures, agility grace'
Sardori says, 'even the Dark got granted her constitution to suffer
   any pain'
Sardori says, 'time changed shadows lengthened, dissention came to
   the heavens'
Sardori says, 'Odataria grew and used her great gifts to battle
   fiercely to defend the good and the light, but while she fought
   to bring light to the world'
Sardori says, 'her love for living things and compassion caused
   her to die 10000 deaths after every battle'
Sardori says, 'The father the god of war was totally intolerant
   of this '
Sardori says, 'he said How can you allow yourself to die 10000 deaths
   in every battle you are a disgrace I cast you out'
Sardori says, 'time passed and Oditaria walked the earth finding
   great happiness'
Sardori says, 'she married and had many children and they all fought
   the evil in the land'
Sardori says, 'but alas since they were human they died one by one'
Sardori says, 'Odatira was en exile form the heavens so she could
   not follow'
Sardori says, 'Broken hearted she left the earth and in desperation
   and grief walked the shadowy world in between not of heaven or
   of earth'
Sardori says, 'she begged and pleaded for countless ages'
Sardori says, 'never hearing an answer from the all father '
Sardori says, 'as time passed Odataria's silvery heart grew larger
   and larger and heavy with loneliness an grief'
Sardori says, 'One day with a sadness beyond speaking her heart
   burst into billions of silvery fragments, those the people of
   the realms today know as stars'
Sardori says, 'thus she is neither of the heavens or of the earth
   but belongs securely to both'
Sardori says, 'so you see nothing has been lost in this, we are
   descendents of stars, a proud and compassionate people'
Sardori points to the heavens.
Sardori says, 'see Marion is there now a bright and shining star
   for all to see'
Sardori says, 'so it was said Once Upon a Time when the world
   was young'
Sardori bows.
Sardori says, 'my deepest and most heartfelt sympathy to all of you'
Sardori says, 'and to Marion's family as well'





