From 3824870444278690718
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ad92458c9038941d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-30 07:18:33 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!west.cox.net!cox.net!p01!news2.west.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "Bat Child (Sue M.)" <batchild1@NOSPAM.cox.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Business 2.0 magazine, August 2002:  The sorcerer of Sony
Organization: Knights of Xemu
Reply-To: batchild1@NOSPAM.cox.net
Message-ID: <c48dkukvu4n0dd64uqj2bhm98me7qfh8ii@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 341
Date: Tue, 30 Jul 2002 14:18:32 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.6.221.195
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news2.west.cox.net 1028038712 68.6.221.195 (Tue, 30 Jul 2002 10:18:32 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 30 Jul 2002 10:18:32 EDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:218134

Found at:

http://www.business2.com/articles/mag/0,1640,42210,FF.html

====================

The Sorcerer of Sony 
By: Geoff Keighley 
Issue: August 2002
Print Article | Email This Article  
 
The hottest properties in cyberspace are virtual worlds. Meet the man
who's making magic -- and millions of dollars each month -- by
developing the Net's newest boomtowns.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
On any given day, you can find John Smedley smiting the odd
necromancer or brandishing his sword alongside wood elves who want to
kill the emperor of the snakelike Shissars. Sometimes, though, he just
strolls around observing his fellow citizens. To you, they might look
like knights, wizards, and ogres, scuttling across a three-dimensional
landscape of castles, caves, and dank swamps. 

But to him, they must look like money. 


Smedley, 33, is the chief operating officer of Sony Online
Entertainment, where he's master of the virtual boomtown known as
EverQuest. Once a destination for the fringe Dungeons & Dragons crowd,
the online role-playing game now has 433,000 paying customers who
generate $5 million a month for the Japanese entertainment giant.
Given the 40 percent gross-profit margins, and the fact that this
world practically runs itself, the dragon-slaying business is looking
pretty good these days. 


It's so good that virtual worlds like EverQuest are fast becoming the
hottest thing online. Just about every big game company is breaking
virtual ground on one, looking to establish colonies that could one
day generate fortunes. This fall, industry titan Electronic Arts
(ERTS) is turning the most popular computer game in the history of the
world -- the Sims, which has sold 7 million copies so far -- into an
online Club Med where subscribers can chat, flirt, and perhaps one day
make virtual babies. 


Over at Microsoft (MSFT), programmers are revamping the Asheron's Call
fantasy game. Vivendi-Universal (V) plans to introduce a militaristic
world for fans of its best-selling Warcraft strategy games. Disney
(DIS) is building Toontown. Other potentially huge theme worlds based
on the Harry Potter books, Marvel Comics superheroes, and The Matrix
are in the works. 


One of the biggest and most ambitious of all is ready to launch. In
July, Sony and LucasArts Entertainment are releasing a beta of Star
Wars's first online colony. Star Wars Galaxies: An Empire Divided is
set in a galaxy far, far away (sometime before the action of The
Empire Strikes Back). Subscribers can play bounty hunters looking for
Jedi knights, Wookiees exploring Jabba the Hutt's palace, or any
number of other galactic roles. For Star Wars fans, who can
effectively live here round the clock, it'll be like opium. 


"This will blow the market open like a supernova," says Brad McQuaid,
EverQuest's co-designer. 


Maybe that's true, but so far only 1 million of the 145 million
Americans who play videogames subscribe to any online worlds. And a
recent study by the Interactive Digital Software Association found
that two-thirds of gamers aren't inclined to play any online games.
Most say they have little interest in current offerings, which haven't
yet branched out beyond the men-in-tights fantasy worlds. 



With the steady adoption of broadband connections and powerful desktop
PCs that render awesome graphics on the fly, however, some say a new
form of entertainment will finally take root -- and move toward a more
mainstream audience. Consultancy Themis Group pegs 2003 revenues from
online games at $635 million, more than double this year's draw.
"Virtual worlds won't be a novelty anymore," predicts Paul-Jon
McNealey, research director at market analyst Gartner G2. "Online
gaming isn't just for hard-core geeks." 


Some pundits are betting that Galaxies could end up making more money
than this year's Star Wars movie. That's where Smedley comes in. A
tall man with a broad forehead accentuated by a receding hairline, he
loves his games so much that he has a satellite dish on his fishing
boat to keep track of their progress. Galaxies is his biggest project
to date; it cost an estimated $10 million to develop. Smedley is
betting on its success. If he's right, it could change not just Sony,
but the face of entertainment. 



Smedley (his friends call him Smed) has been thinking about vivid 3-D
virtual worlds since he was at Mt. Carmel High School in San Diego.
That's when he and Russell Shanks, now the chief technology officer at
Sony Online, holed up in the computer lab during lunch hour and played
text-based MUDs -- so-called multiuser dungeons that simulated the
action of the Dungeons & Dragons game. 


In those days, online games were free, run from university servers by
computer science jocks. After 18 months at San Diego State University,
where he was studying computer science, Smedley dropped out to write
games on contract for Alien Technology Group. In 1993 he finally took
a full-time job at Sony. He needed the salary to support his own
online habit: By then, Smedley was running up $600 monthly bills on
CyberStrike, one of the first graphic action games played online
against others. 


He knew that CyberStrike, while primitive, was on the right track. If
he was willing to pay to play, he reasoned, there were probably lots
of other gamers out there who would be too. So in 1996, Smedley
pitched his boss at a Sony-owned PlayStation development studio on the
idea of an online role-playing game. It would involve thousands of
players at a time, he said. It would be three-dimensional. It would
make a fortune. 


Smedley recalls, "I got three minutes into this huge presentation, and
he just flat out said, 'No.'" 


But a few months later, a new boss, Kelly Flock, arrived. Smedley
tried his pitch again. He pointed out that programmers at other
companies were already working on virtual-world games like Meridian
59. And while he didn't know it at the time, Electronic Arts was
already working on Ultima Online. He got the green light: EverQuest
was a go. Smedley hired McQuaid and Steve Clover, two ace game
programmers who were slaving as corporate systems administrators.
Within three years, the small San Diego skunk works grew into a team
of 56 developers and one of Sony's most expensive game projects, with
a development budget approaching $5 million. 



That wasn't what Sony had in mind. Videogame development for the
PlayStation typically cost $2 million, and the economics were
understood. But $5 million on a virtual world that would run only on
PCs? The company was ready to pull the plug on future online projects
for the PC. 


So, with a mere six months to go before the game was ready for launch,
Smedley and team formed their own company, Verant Interactive. And a
different division of Sony even agreed to take a 20 percent stake in
the venture. 


EverQuest launched in early 1999. Some 12,000 people signed up on the
first day; by the end of the week, it had more than 50,000 subscribers
willing to pay $10 a month. Gamers jacking into the world generated so
much traffic that the Internet nearly crashed in the San Diego area. 


The most optimistic boosters at Verant were dumbfounded. This game
wasn't supposed to break even for another two years, by which time it
was expected to have signed up 70,000 subscribers. But six months
after it launched, 150,000 people were paying to play in Smedley's
online medieval faire. 


A year after the breakup, Sony bought the rest of Verant for $32
million. 


Smedley now had the deep pockets he needed to take on Electronic Arts,
Microsoft, and Vivendi-Universal. This time Sony hasn't balked at
bulking up. The company now has 480 employees at studios in San Diego,
Austin, and St. Louis. 


But the transition took its toll. "John definitely felt a bit awkward
with all the growth at first," remembers Kevin Baca, a former
programmer at the company. Smedley was drawn into a power struggle
with the CEO of Sony Online. Although Smedley won full responsibility
for spearheading Sony Online, McQuaid, one of Smedley's closest
friends and a co-designer of EverQuest, left to start his own company,
Sigil Games. 


Now McQuaid is the competition, working on a persistent-world game for
Microsoft. Imagine what an EverQuest veteran can do with the powerful
Net-connected Xbox as his platform. It doesn't take a genius to see
where all this is headed. 




Sony chairman Nobuyuki Idei is worried. His company sells a lot of
PlayStation 2s. It also sells tons of Walkman units, Trinitrons, and
Vaio laptops -- about $57 billion worth last year. But intense
competition has shaved profit margins on Sony's core electronics
business to a razor-thin 1 percent, and Sony is locked into a price
war with Microsoft, which last quarter trimmed the cost of its
critically acclaimed but struggling Xbox to a money-losing but
market-share-gobbling $199. 


Idei has repeatedly said that if Sony fails to find a new business
model, it will devolve into a mere supplier of electronic components.
Movies and music are a hit-and-miss business. The name of the
postbubble game is subscription services, which are reliable and based
on service fees that can be hiked up incrementally over time, as
demand allows. 


The beauty of EverQuest, aside from its subscription model, is that
players effectively pay to entertain each other. Sony just provides
the playground: more than 1,000 computers in San Diego that have kept
the game running since 1999. EverQuest also relies on 47 staffers to
continually add items and quests to the game; another 128 "game
masters" function as customer service reps and patrol the world
answering questions. 


The result is a game so addictive that the typical player spends 20
hours a week on EverQuest. That's about 8.6 million man-hours a month
devoted to the game. (It took 7 million man-hours spread over 14
months to build the Empire State Building.) One-third of players 18
and older spend more time in the game world than they do at their
paying jobs, according to Edward Castronova, a California State
University at Fullerton economics professor who studied usage. Scarier
still, some 22 percent said they'd spend all their time there if they
could. 


What's the attraction? Mostly socializing. Players keep coming back to
find friends. Some have held funerals there for players who have died
in real life. "We even have one player from Vatican City, although we
haven't asked him what he does for a living," Smedley says. 


It's a given that this is an intensely loyal group of gamers. Last
April, when Sony raised the monthly subscription price 31 percent to
$12.95, it hardly lost a player. In fact, Smedley says the game
continues to add 12,000 players a month. 


Hidden revenue streams are just starting to be understood. Sony runs
about 42 versions to avoid overpopulation in any one world. But
instead of simply load-balancing the number of players per computer,
it allows fans to relocate their characters to different worlds on
other servers -- for $50 a move. "Would you believe we've generated
over $1 million in revenue simply from moving characters?" Smedley
marvels. While the company discourages players from selling off their
personae or equipment for real dollars, black-market auctions are
commonplace, with some gear going for as much as $2,000. (See The Real
Economics of Virtual Worlds.") 



Each year, the company throws off enough cash to fund the construction
of another world, like the upcoming $20 million EverQuest II. By
leveraging the technology and code already written, each successive
world could get cheaper to build. 


So which worlds to launch? Sony's virtual-world development is
Hollywood-like in its intensity. Talks with the filmmaking Wachowski
brothers about bringing The Matrix online didn't go anywhere, but
discussions with Marvel Comics may yield an online universe based on
comic book characters like Spider-Man, the X-Men, and Marvel's panoply
of colorful villains. (The Wachowskis later hooked up with Warner
Bros.) 


Sony's also talking about a virtual world based on the
post-apocalyptic vision in the Terminator movies. Next summer brings
the release of the next movie in the series, Terminator 3: Rise of the
Machines. Yair Landau, president of Sony Pictures Digital
Entertainment and Smedley's boss, says the company may want to create
a world of battling cyborg armies. "That property might be right for
us. I think gamers really identify with that franchise," he says. 


Next year Sony releases PlanetSide, the first experiment of a
first-person action game (think Quake) in a persistent world. Also in
development is Sovereign, a real-time strategy game that will let
players fight battles in future worlds. Soon, Landau says, Sony will
even bring out single-player EverQuest games. 


Sony's also exploring global markets. This summer, Korean game maker
NCsoft will launch EverQuest in the largest online game market in the
world, South Korea, where 6 percent of the population plays online
games (see "Korea's National Pastime."). 



But for now, Sony is confident that Star Wars Galaxies, which
officially arrives in December, will eclipse all other worlds, even
EverQuest. More than 139,000 players signed up for the beta test of
the game, which Sony is building for LucasArts Entertainment in a
revenue-sharing arrangement. Sony Online predicts that within the
first three months, 500,000 people will buy the boxed Galaxies product
and then begin paying an as-yet-unannounced monthly subscription fee. 


That's only the start of where Galaxies may go. In 2003, Sony and
LucasArts plan to release software that will let players fly X-Wing
fighters into combat with hundreds of other competitors. When Sony
Online tests the online console market early next year with an
EverQuest game for the PlayStation 2, it goes after a share of the 40
million owners of game machines. Console versions of Galaxies could
further open up that category. Assuming just a 10th of the console
players get hooked, Galaxies would turn into a $500 million-a-year
business. By comparison, the domestic box office tally of Star Wars
Episode II: Attack of the Clones is projected to reach about $300
million. 



Certainly, EverQuest's revenues are chicken feed to Sony. One hit
movie from its Columbia Pictures unit can make two or three times what
EverQuest brings in. But if Sony Online could replicate EverQuest's
success in game after game, creating alternate compelling virtual
worlds for every fantasy -- the Wild West, World War II, ancient Rome,
George Orwell's 1984, or New York's 1930s mob wars -- it suddenly
could be looking at revenue streams easily approaching several billion
dollars a year. 


With that kind of money, it won't be long before Hollywood moguls
start to see movies as the film trailers (or the real estate tours)
that introduce us to the online virtual worlds where we can actually
live the movie. Sony's Landau says, "This is no Internet hype story."
Just ask Smedley.  



====================

http://members.cox.net/batchild1
http://members.cox.net/scorseseinfo


