From 7105316399853117007
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4fc5ae9745ad1362,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: mike@mikeshea.net (Mike Shea)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 37: Fire
Date: 1 Jun 2004 13:26:04 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 145
Message-ID: <f4b815e0.0406011226.3c131e04@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.160.51.70
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1086121564 32082 127.0.0.1 (1 Jun 2004 20:26:04 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 1 Jun 2004 20:26:04 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:4484

Tales of Loral
Chapter 37: Fire

There are ways to try to wrap the mortal mind around the Planes of
Power but all of them fail to grasp the entire picture. Some view the
Planes as a scale, with Norrath at the center and the planes spreading
down to each end. The further down one side you travel, the more
extreme the Planes become. On one side you have Innoruuk's domain, the
Plane of Hate. On the other is the realm of Tunare, the Plane of
Growth.

Others see the Planes as a great sphere surrounding us. If we start at
the center of this sphere, we see planes similar to our own world of
Norrath. The Plane of Knowledge and its stones of travel, for example,
resemble many cities of Norrath. This pocket-world, however, makes it
possible to travel from Halas to Felwithe with fifteen foot steps. It
shortens the distances between two points in our world as if folding
our lands to bring these two points together. Yet the Plane of
Knowledge is little different than our own, though it would seem to
have encapsulated all of Norrath in a single walled city. If we look
at a further layer we begin to see extremes. The Plane of Valor and
its garrisons of immortal paladins sit on one side, forged in eternal
battles against the chaotic beasts of the Glasslands. The Plane of
Torment and its eternal willingness to torture all inside for an
eternity rots on the other. One is unable to see where the black
chains that hold up the eternal cells of Torment lead. Perhaps there
are no chains.

In the furthest of these layers known to us are the elements. Their
deities are beyond our comprehension of good or evil. They serve our
world at its most fundamental layers. How would we choose to align
water when it both feeds our crops with rain or destroys our cities in
floods? How do we choose to fit fire into our primitive beliefs when
it keeps our children warm at night or sends armies screaming into the
abyss? And how can we possibly comprehend these worlds were we to
visit them? Is our mind able to even attach images onto what we might
fix our eyes upon? Do we stretch ourselves beyond our own boundaries
of reality by even stepping foot inside? We may never know. One can
only wonder what our mortal lives would face in such levels of
extremity. And one can only wonder what lies beyond.

- Maelin Starpyre, Grand Librarian of Myrist

The air cracked and the portal opened, sucking the hot air of Fire
back through. Loral fell, landing hard on one knee and a hand placed
out to balance himself. His eyes were closed. The air around him
singed his skin but the heavy enchantments on his armor protected him
from what otherwise would have burned his skin off his bones. Slowly
he looked up and opened his eyes to behold the outer world around him.
What he saw almost sent him into shock.

Eternal flames scorched the sky. The volcanic mountains towered around
him, streams of lava pouring from their peaks. Huge ancient trees
burned like a thousand candles over the charred ground in front of
him. From within the dense burning forest he could see the movements
of living flame and he could hear the clicking of many legs on the
hard cracked ground. There were enemies about and Loral had no doubt
that should they discover him, they would kill him.

A hand gripped Loral's coif and hoisted him off of his feet. Shaken,
he turned and saw the smile and shining eyes of Tera the swordswoman
of Halas. Many battles he had faced with the powerful yet graceful
bladewielder, some deep within the Halls of Testing, the ancient
temple of the dragons of Velious. The air cracked again and with a
crash of steel on rock stood a monument of power, Grongl the Warlord.
He leaned on the sharp Blade of War and stood. Three long but sure
strides took him to the top of a large obsidian rock. There he beheld
the burning lands of Doomfire. He sneered. Loral had little doubt that
the General was more at home in these horrid lands than anywhere on
Norrath. The powerful troll leaned the long curved blade on his
shoulder and turned. A cheer from the other members of Lotus Cult
flowed across the lands as Grongl held the blade high and pointed it
to the north. From behind the crowd, Binedina and her advisors smiled.
The battle was on.

The raiding party moved along the volcanic mountains around the
burning forest and to a river of lava. A great wall split the lands in
half, guarded by dozens of Fennin's guardians. Their burning spears
glittered in the dark smoke. The raiding party floated onto the upper
platforms and in a score of fierce battles they breached the walls and
approached the dark side of the burning lands, closer to the city of
Fennin Ro.

The party met the minions of Fennin Ro in force. Huge elemental
flames, hundreds of times stronger than those that walked Norrath,
unleashed waves of lava over the warriors. All about the skies were
great winged demons, the fire reflecting off of their thick red skin.
Some were as large as the guardian, Xuzl. Some were even larger.

The horrible sounds of Doomfire grew quiet as they approached a narrow
bridge suspended over a chasm of lava. Six scouts moved forward, their
eyes peering into the smoke ahead. Without warning, a twelve foot
spike, pierced through the chest of their leader, pinning him to the
ground. Out of the smoke came an vision out of Loral's deepest
nightmares, Babnoxis the Spider Queen. Over thirty feet high and
almost ninety feet across from her massive legs, the giant spider
roared down upon the party. Arrows skimmed across her thick black
shell and the spider countered with streams of venom from shining
fangs. A dreadful scream filled the heads of the raiders, the ancient
voice of the spider queen, spewing forth malice and terror in a
language five thousand years dead. Loral felt a rage build inside him.
He held his hand towards the black demon-queen and called upon
Tunare's Condemnation.

The roar of Xuzl filled Loral's head as energy poured out of his hand
and blasted into the thick shell. The shell cracked and Babnoxis
screamed in Loral's mind, bringing him to his knees. Loral heard the
laugh of Xuzl behind the scream of Babnoxis, the shield burning upon
Loral's arm. Loral clenched his jaw and stood to behold the battle.
The enchanted blades of the Cult, forged in the outer planes
themselves, cut deep into the joints of Babnoxis's living armor. With
a final cry to her lord, the ancient beast fell dead.

A voice boomed out across the burning lands and the council of flame
was unleashed. The greatest of Fennin's creation, the inner circle of
Fennin's most powerful and loyal demons, roared to life and fell in
from the burning sky. Falling back to a narrow bridge, the war party
faced each of the demons in turn. Azobian the Darklord, Blazzax the
Omnifiend, Hebabbilys the Ragelord, Javonn the Overlord, Reaxnous the
Chaoslord, and Omni Magus Crato attacked the party one by one in two
horrible hours of battle. Columns of flame could be seen for miles.
The thick obsidian ground broke apart swallowing and crushing those
unfortunate enough to step near. Loral clutched his symbol of Tunare
close, sending beams of healing light onto the fallen when he could.
All about him the battle raged.

The war party never broke ranks. Each member protected the next as the
horrible beasts attacked. The perfect synergy of magic power,
enchanted steel, icy arrows, and blue waves of life was beyond the
chaotic strategies of Fennin's high council. With a final spear of ice
ripping through the torso of the great Omni Magus, the final arch
demon fell dead. Deep in his chambers of burnt stone, Fennin Ro stood
alone. The war party approached.

Two weeks passed. Loral sat at a great oak table in the library of
Tanaan, reading over the memoirs of Maelin Starpyre. Fennin Ro, elder
god of Fire, had been killed. While the rush of victory was hard to
suppress, Loral could not help but feel a coming darkness. He
remembered the speakings of Ciric, his Erudite mentor, about balance
and the complementary relationships of the gods. How could the balance
of Norrath be sound when such a great force had been slain? As if in
reply, Loral felt the shield leaning against his chair grow hot. The
grating laughter of Xuzl hissed in the back of Loral's mind. Loral
would return to Qeynos to speak with Ciric on these matters, but Loral
had one more conversation to have first - a conversation with a demon.


