From 1536442480353167577
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bbaa3a43341b5867
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!newshub.sdsu.edu!news-hog.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!tethys.csu.net!nntp.csufresno.edu!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Online gamer killed for selling virtual weapon
Date: Thu, 31 Mar 2005 12:30:54 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <114on6po7f8h8e3@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <KAq2e.17345$C7.4346@news-server.bigpond.net.au> <114m2uaor8kil13@news.supernews.com> <d2f2sm$snk$1@reader1.panix.com> <114m5gdou6fig59@news.supernews.com> <d2f6ju$12u$1@reader1.panix.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 130
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:34165


"the wharf rat" <wrat@panix.com> wrote in message 
news:d2f6ju$12u$1@reader1.panix.com...

>>Do you have a citation to support this unlikely assertion?

> Texas Penal Code 9 - Justifiable Use of Force and Deadly Force

Holy shit, you're right lol. I stand corrected, informed and flabbergasted.

> Texas Penal Code 9.42 - Deadly Force to Protect Property
>
>      A person is justified in using deadly force against another to 
> protect land or tangible, movable property:
>
>      1. if he would be justified in using force against the other under 
> Section 9.41; and

Text of Texas Penal Code 9.41:

Sec. 9.41. PROTECTION OF ONE'S OWN PROPERTY. (a) A person in lawful 
possession of land or tangible, movable property is justified in using force 
against another when and to the degree the actor reasonably believes the 
force is immediately necessary to prevent or terminate the other's trespass 
on the land or unlawful interference with the property.
~ (b) A person unlawfully dispossessed of land or tangible, movable property 
by another is justified in using force against the other when and to the 
degree the actor reasonably believes the force is immediately necessary to 
reenter the land or recover the property if the actor uses the force 
immediately or in fresh pursuit after the dispossession and:
~ ~ (1) the actor reasonably believes the other had no claim of right when 
he dispossessed the actor; or
~ ~ (2) the other accomplished the dispossession by using force, threat, or 
fraud against the actor.

Suppose Bonnie wakes up at 2:30am with a vivid recollection of a dream in 
which she wins the lottery with a series of random numbers that just jumped 
into her head. Believing this to be a premonition, she walks down to the 
7-11 and buys a lotto ticket with those numbers ten minutes before the 
cut-off point for the drawing. Clyde is standing next to her and suddenly 
points behind her saying "It's a man with a gun"!  Startled, Bonnie turns to 
look and Clyde grabs the ticket out of her hand and runs out of the store, 
shouting "Lotteries exploit the working class, I'm going to destroy this 
ticket in the name of the oppressed"! Bonnie chases after him and notice 
that he is grabbing the ticket, ready to start tearing it. She has no hope 
of catching him on foot and there is no one anywhere in the vicinity as she 
chases him, so she pulls out her pistol, kneels, and shoots him in the back. 
Clyde dies, Bonnie recovers the ticket intact.

Looking at this first statute, 9.41, it would appear under section b) that 
Bonnie was "unlawfully dispossessed" of "tangible, movable property". 
Because of the short window of time available for action, she may very well 
be found to have "reasonably believed" that force was immediately necessary 
to recover the property. She used the force immediately in fresh pursuit of 
the dispossession AND, under subsection 2) the dispossession was 
accomplished "using force, threat, or fraud".

So, 9.41 appears to justify Bonnie's use of "force" to recover her 
dispossessed lottery ticket. The question is whether "deadly force" was 
justified, and here 9.42 comes into play with its three requirements. 
Section 1) of 9.42 requires compliance with 9.41, so we move to the next two 
sections.

>      2. when and to the degree he reasonably believes the deadly force is 
> immediately necessary:
>
>            A. to prevent the other's imminent commission of arson, 
> burglary, robbery, aggravated robbery, theft during the nighttime, or 
> criminal mischief during the nighttime; or
>
>            B. to prevent the other who is fleeing immediately after 
> committing burglary, robbery, aggravated robbery, or theft during the 
> nighttime from escaping with the property; and

It appears that Bonnie could meet the requirements of section 2) under 
either subsection A) or B) since Clyde was both engaged in the commission of 
a "theft during the nighttime" and "fleeing immediately" after committing a 
"theft during the nighttime". The question is whether it was reasonable to 
believe that deadly force was necessary. Could she have just shot him in the 
leg? But perhaps Clyde would have torn the ticket or even ate it if merely 
incapacitated. Reasonable people, regardless of how they feel about 
lotteries or people who play them, might well conclude that it was 
reasonable under the law for Bonnie to believe that shooting Clyde in the 
back was immediately necessary to prevent him from destroying her property 
and thus preventing her ability to repossess. They may think it's a stupid 
waste of life over something petty, and still conclude under the law that it 
was reasonable to believe that the only way to prevent Clyde from destroying 
the ticket was to shoot him. If that's the law, that's the law.

Bonnie must then also meet the requirements of section 3.

>      3. he reasonably believes that:
>
>            A. the land or property cannot be protected or recovered by any 
> other means; or
>
>            B. the use of force other than deadly force to protect or 
> recover the land or property would expose the actor or another to a 
> substantial risk of death or serious bodily injury.

Subsection B) doesn't appear applicable here, and the question would be 
whether Bonnie was reasonable in believing that there was no other way to 
protect or recover the lottery ticket. Note that it probably doesn't matter 
that the store would have a record of the lottery number and purchaser, this 
statute applies to "tangible, movable property" and Bonnie's property 
interest goes beyond her lottery expectation and includes her right to 
physically possess the ticket itself (perhaps as a memento of her dream). 
Under these facts, a jury might easily conclude that the ticket itself could 
not have been recovered by any other means than cutting down Clyde with a 
shot in the back.

Given that a Texas jury would be deciding the question of reasonableness, 
and that this statute is a product of the Texas state legislature, I give 
her about a 99% chance of beating the rap.

/boggle

Thanks for the citation, that's one hell of a statute.

-- 
Bob Perez

"Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they 
quit playing."
- Oliver Wendell Holmes







