From -485657823219879610
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ad084724b35b9fff
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-16 04:54:20 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.onemain.com!feed1.onemain.com!nntp3.onemain.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3B52D42D.5DD8D8CB@success.net>
From: Lance <emporer@success.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: New to groups?
References: <20010715165650.11556.00008302@ng-fc1.aol.com> <Swo47.93791$WT.18207767@typhoon.austin.rr.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 127
Date: Mon, 16 Jul 2001 07:46:53 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.41.22.126
X-Complaints-To: abuse@onemain.com
X-Trace: nntp3.onemain.com 995284190 64.41.22.126 (Mon, 16 Jul 2001 07:49:50 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 16 Jul 2001 07:49:50 EDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:95701



Bradmeister wrote:

>
> """ As a ranger, I know it will be harder to find a group and I don't want
> to be a "mana hog"."""
>
> I'm not sure what you mean by 'mana hog', but Rangers make good secondary
> tanks. They also make good pullers (will cover that in a moment). And they
> can help heal during down times.
> (they can heal, can't they? I think that was a ranger healing me this
> morning in my HH orc group)
>

Ranger healing ability is a little better than bandaging.

He means that since rangers tend to get aggro and keep it, and yet
have lower AC and HP than the sponges, they can really drag on
the healers' mana resources.

>
> """ I assume if I am agroed I just quit hitting until the monster goes after
> the REAL tanks?"""
>
> If I'm reading this correctly, then no. If you just stand there not
> fighting, the mob will go after the real tank once you are DEAD. Since we
> want to avoid that, if you are agroed, make sure the tank knows it. Most
> tanks will taunt as much as possible, so even if you keep hitting they'll
> still go after the tanks. So if you get agroed, make sure you are near the
> tanks, don't make the tanks come to you.
>

No, he is correct, the chances of the sponges taking the mob off of him
are better if he stops hitting it.  Generally thats not a viable tactic, since
he'll just get it again when he turns the blender back on, but it -will- help,
technically.  (Hmm, wait, I think you and I have different mental pictures.
Here's what I see: ranger and sponge both toe to toe with the same
mob, mob turns [naturally] to deal with the person hitting him the most
often and doing the most damage.  That person stops swinging, the sponge
keeps it up, while insulting the mob's lineage, begging from it, sitting down
between blows and quietly sobbing about how terrible his damage is and
how quickly his friend is dying... until maybe the mob decides to give the
nice sponge a little attention just so he doesn't get weepy)

Dying is a big detaunt, no doubt about that.

Noone mentioned a ranger's biggest job, Snare.  Snare every mob.
Now if you are SOW'd (since you have your shaman along) and the mob is
snared, you don't ever have to die, just move away from the mob and
stay out of reach till it stops chasing you.  Drop arrows into it while
you back away in circles.  The rest of the melees chase the mob and
take pot shots at its back (rogues especially love that part) while the
casters stand in the middle and nuke or dot.  You don't want to lose
aggro, you want to keep it... if that mob turns to go after a sponge,
come back in and blenderize it while mashing your taunt button for
all you are worth.  Yes, you'll take a few hits when it turns on you,
but you aren't a caster, you can take a few, its just that with your
mobility there's no need for you to enter a slugfest.

Better yet, get someone in your group who can fear.  Now you snare,
they fear, and you all chase the thing as it slowly saunters away.  Your
taunt and high aggro capabilities don't matter a bit here, as you aren't
going toe to toe, you are "toe to heel"!

>
> """ And if I'm the puller ... well... again... shoudln't the leader DIRECT
> me as to when to pull?"""
>
> Rangers make really good pullers. They can pull mobs from a distance (gotta
> love bows), and once the mob agroes, just run back to the group. The tanks
> will get in front of you to intercept the mob, kill it, you run out to pull
> again, etc etc etc
>

Snare it as it comes in

Also, you can -find- the prey, with track, this is the bigggest advantage of
the ranger puller, not only does prey come in faster, but its always the
best available prey in the nearby area.  If the greens are no aggro, filter
them out, sort by distance, and  track even while coming in to make
sure you have a heads up as to popping nasties nearby that you may want
to detour around.  You don't have to keep track on the mob you are
pulling, either, which way -is- that dragoon you need to avoid?

>
> As for directing when to pull, I listen to the casters as to when to pull.
> We had a tank (me), ranger, shaman, pally, chanter, and wizzie. Pally and
> shaman were taking turns healing for lack of a true cleric (HINT: learn bind
> wounds. really helps save on mana when things are slow). If one caster said
> OOM, I pulled. When they all said OOM, I sat down.
>

Puller is in charge of when to pull unless he delegates that descision.  Another

good person to make that call is the cleric; he generally has a better idea of
the pace the group can handle than anyone, and often its his mana that
is the limiting factor for pull rate.

OOM is a dirty word, nooone should be saying it unless things just
went very badly.  Generally in a steady pull situation, everyone should
be floating between FM and 60M at fights end each time, that way you
always have the capability to handle an overpull or take care of business
if you get trained.  You see OOM in camps, where there is going to be
an enforced wait till the next spawn, so casters can afford to burn heavy
since the group won't be forced to wait on them to med.

Getting a feel for when to wait to pull, when to pull small stuff instead
of big game, and when to go for the gusto, is an important part of the
puller's job.  As a ranger, this is a topic you should dive into with
both hands.

Funny thing, and you won't find this to be the norm, but as a cleric
my first choice for a partner is any decent ranger.  Track, snare,
massive damage, root, great taunt... past 30 the all important
SOW too.  Shaman isn't something I look for in groups smaller
than 4, although I'll partner with anyone and make it work.. the
shaman buffs other than SOW aren't all that useful on me, after all,
what I need is a tank or two that he can buff up, before he's
truely useful.  Cleric Ranger Shaman would be pretty hot, but
add a rogue in there and you'd near double the kills per hour
rate!

Bergh Brelltender
50 cleric, Morel Thule




