From 4469567021407473070
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c71772a2f530dde4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!g49g2000cwa.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mobhunter: Notes from the West
Date: 23 Jun 2005 06:46:11 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 288
Message-ID: <1119534371.480959.150790@g49g2000cwa.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.160.51.71
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1119534377 2436 127.0.0.1 (23 Jun 2005 13:46:17 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 23 Jun 2005 13:46:17 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: g49g2000cwa.googlegroups.com; posting-host=192.160.51.71;
   posting-account=WDcinhMAAADcvkKBmXXfehYblo0NN7Cr_KfkHiVTV22R7IgxdvF6Yg
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:36330

Notes from the West

by Loral on June 10, 2005

I find myself with a moment to set quill to parchment and give you,
dear reader, a glimpse at the treasures of the West. This is not the
sort of treasure you may be used to, glittering gems, jewels, or plates
of gold (I lost 20 bucks at the slots in about twelve seconds). I offer
a far more valuable treasure: the golden vaults of knowledge.

Ok, enough metaphor. This article will act as a working set of notes as
this year's Fan Faire in Las Vegas, June 2005, continues on. Keep an
eye on this page for the latest notes and links to the articles and
pictures of others.

Let us begin:

11:00 am, Friday 10 June:

The next expansion is called Depths of Darkhollow. It appears to be an
underdark-ish expansion but details will be thicker during the official
announcement on Saturday. The devs seem very excited about it and give
the impression that they plan to take it in a new direction. One
unattributed quote: "No other MMORPG has done this yet". We'll know
more tomorrow. Oh yeah, John Smedley, CEO for SOE, does a mean Axel
Rose impression.

The new tutorial was also a big topic. SOE plans to release the
tutorial, a level 1 to 10 instanced zone with a variety of quests and
missions, will be released in a single stand-alone format, both on CD
and download. New players can sign up for a station account and play
the tutorial on a special server known as "escape". New players can
play up to level 10 without having to put in a credit card. The
tutorial has all new artwork, mostly from DON but some unique models
such as the Kobolds. This lets player get a good taste of EQ without
having to commit anything more than download time.

This whole package will be known as "Escape to Norrath".

Gemdiver, the manager for Caster's Realm, has an excellent article on
the EQ Community Summit including some great labeled pictures of the
devs.

Kytheria from EQLive posted some excellent pictures from the Summit. If
you look really closely you can see the top of my head.

At the present I can hear lord Brenlo mocking the players of the PvP
tournament. The winner of the level 50 tournament walks away with a 42"
plasma TV so I imagine the competition is fierce. Periodic release of
lions into the arena helps keep people honest.

I have had many conversations with the EQLive developers including a
couple of conversations with Craig Knapp, the Everquest producer. Craig
has an excellent wide view of the game. He knows, as do the EQLive
developers, what is important and what is not. Fun and community are
paramount. Craig's enthusiasm for the "Escape to Norrath" trial and
Rytan's work on the tutorial and the level 10 to 20 quests show their
commitment to bring new players to EQ.

All of the developers seem quite excited about the announcement of the
new expansion. No doubt, releasing the first information about an
expansion like this to a live audience can be nervewracking.

1pm Thursday, 10 June

I posted some Las Vegas Fan Faire pictures. I will be posting more of
these throughout the day as well.

2pm Thursday, 10 June

Rumors and whispers about the new expansion run wild.

There was a lot of discussion about cheating and hacking and general
customer support issues - a topic that gives me an ice-cream headache.
The programmers are building tools and techniques to trap a lot of the
typical cheats. A lot of the summit reps felt that better reporting on
the numbers of cheaters caught and banned would help scare away
cheaters and help the rest of us see that things are getting done.

SOE mentioned that they were seeing a fair amount of people returning
to EQ after some adventures out in EQ2 and WoW.

I have a couple more details on the "Escape to Norrath" package. Craig
Knapp mentioned that the CD for the next expansion will include the 400
meg Escape to Norrath demo so that players can give the discs away. Any
deals for distributing Escape to Norrath on CDs in magazines or
hand-outs at retail chains are still under discussion. It wouldn't
surprise me at all to see EtN passed out frequently on CDs.

SOE wants to make it as easy as possible for new players to get a hold
of the demo, install it, and get playing without difficulty or invasive
requests for credit cards. The trial also has an unlimited duration.
This isn't a 10 day or 15 day trial. Players don't have to worry about
installing it only when they have the most free time, players are free
to play at their leisure before any commitment.

This is something that frustrated me with my purchase of WoW. When I
first bought Warcraft I found it interesting (frustrating) that I had
to enter a credit card number before I was even able to patch or play a
single day. Aside from nice box-art I had no guarentee that I would
like WoW at all (I ended up liking it a lot, but thats not the point).
A limited trial of some sort helps me see what I am paying for,
especially when I have already paid $50 for the retail box.

I have had excellent responses to both Loral's Evil Agenda, Las Vegas
Edition and Loral's Evil EQ2 Agenda. It sounds like a few of these
ideas have already been kicked around the SOE offices with positive
responses. Some of them, like the Plane of Knowledge issues, are very
contested even within the dev team. That is something we don't often
realize. Many of the arguments we have about uber vs casual or class
issues or models or the focus on knowledge all happen in the halls of
SOE before we ever learn enough to debate them ourselves. The end
result are decisions often built from the debates of many people, not
just one person's single decision (even Smed).

Oops, another thing on Escape to Norrath. If you log into Test, you
will see the new server-based newbie chat channels. The Escape server
will be no different but nice folks, such as yours truly, are able to
join that chat channel and help folks out from our live servers with a
typical /join escape.newbie or whatever the channel happens to be
named.

I suggested some sort of big-brother big-sister program and other folks
chimed in by recommending that some system where helping newbies awards
leadership experience.

Oops, sai Maddoc just sat down to me. I must be in trouble...

2:36pm, Thursday, 10 June

Yes, Character Models...

The short answer: We won't be seeing character models any time soon.
SOE, all of those individual folks I mentioned above, are all
interested in adding new character models. They articulated the
complexity a little bit (I get frustrated with players who micro-manage
SOE so I try to avoid such statistics). Each Luclin model, including
new animations such as multiple weapon strikes, take up over one
hundred individual animations per model with 32 models. Each piece of
different armor requires its own animations. The total number continues
to grow and grow. The final number, 8.5 man years just for models
alone, still doesn't include everything it would take to add new
models. I know nothing about character animation but the devs seem to
shake their head when they talk about how the Luclin models were done.
Here's another interesting statistic: it takes the same amount of work
to rebuild one new player race and sex that it takes to add in all of
the new models in Dragons of Norrath - including the dragons.

When I brought up the new EQ2 models - a set of asian-friendly models
soon to be released - I heard that there was no silver bullet for those
models, it took a lot of time and it was part of the deal between SOE
and the company hosting the asian servers to make it more friendly to
that environment. Here's a funny bit. Moorgard stated that the asian
audience demands mouse-movement and one-handed gameplay so they never
have to put down their cigarettes. That cracked me up.

SOE doesn't seem to hold the same worry that I hold. They aren't
concerned that a new set of models would not be well received. After
the mixed reviews I hear about Luclin models, WoW models, EQ2 models,
and the new asian EQ2 models, everyone has a different opinion and
paying 8.5 man years for models that may receive similar criticisms
doesn't seem like a real good investment to me.

So we will have to see. New character models are a topic SOE hears a
lot. By their words it is something they really want to fix. New
character models are not off of SOE's master to-do list but it isn't
something we will see any time soon.

4:17pm Thursday, 10 June

I just got back from the "EQ: Progression of Power" discussions. A lot
of individual class issues were discussed with a general theme that
life is really hard in Anguish and people seem do die a lot - go
figure.

Here's a micro-list of topics and answers:

Blind, it's the human crash bug that even R.A Salvatore mentioned in
the intro to Rogue's Hour. The EQ team wants to fix it but its not a
priority.

Endurance regen: The devs built the current endurance regen based on no
regen components. They don't intend to have any endurace regen items or
spells. However, they recognize that downtime in general is a problem
and hope to come up with a solution.

Ranger discs: A ranger wondered why he hasn't received a disc since
Kunark. Since rangers have hybrid spells, the discs for melees are
meant to make up for that. There's no intention to add more ranger
discs.

Cleric CH isn't enough anymore: A cleric was concerned that existing
heals aren't powerful enough for existing mobs. The devs disagree. It's
hard for a reason.

Cleric Melee: I didn't get the answer to this one but Saroc, the cleric
represenative, asked what the intention is for clerics soloing.

PoP backflagging: There are a lot of bugs with backflagging including
holes in the quests and no way to track it. Why don't they just open up
everything up to Time?

Cleric Plate Class issues: Clerics are a plate class but get eaten a
lot. The dev team recognizes the extreme gap between tanks and
non-tanks. Tanks can survive but non-tanks are completely destroyed.
There is no intent to let any other class really tank but they do see
the gap growing.

Warrior's epic 1.5 and 2.0 clicky has too long a casting time when
getting hit and no channeling skill means it will always be
interrupted. SOE will look at the problem but instant cast items "are
bad".

Cleric invis: SOE is looking for a way to stack invis potions and make
improved invis potions easier to acquire.

Ranger bows: Why is the epic not a bow? Bow DPS is meant to trail
behind melee dps because ranged attacks are safer than melee attacks
with repostes, rampages, and AEs. SOE didn't want to gimp the epic 1.5
or 2.0.

Will Pally DPS vs undead get increased? There's a lot of weird issues
with situational DPS. In general, Paladins aren't designed to out DPS
other DPS classes even against undead. Rytan will look at the numbers
vs undead, however.

Regeneration on raid wipes take too long. Downtime is a big issue in
general and SOE wants to address it. However, you did die...

Loot all: SOE wants to do this and it's just a matter of finding a
time.

Stuns as they are on Lucy are not accurate. SOE feels that the existing
stuns, 5.2 seconds on NPCs, 10 seconds on PCs, is appropriate.

Delay death isn't enough. A player feels that delay death isn't enough
of a boost. Frankly, an extra 250 hps feels like a lot for me.

Warriors with lightning reflex. I don't remember what this was.

Shaman Craigs, the Shaman CH: No complete heal will be further touched.
Rytan feels they go outside the intent of the game. While heal
improvements will occur, they will not occur with any of the three CHs.

I was just informed that Curt Shilling, EQ fan and major league
baseball player, arrived.

6:47pm Thursday, 10 June

I added over twenty new pictures to Loral's Las Vegas Fan Faire photos.

12:42am Friday 11 June 2005

We saw a preview for Depths of Darkhollow last night. I have an article
all written up and ready to go tomorrow afternoon.

However, I can say that SOE may have found a way to solve the problem
of level 20 friends and level 70 friends grouping together, the
character archetype problem for groups and raids, and the unused
content problem in one swoop.

Depths of Darkhollow lets you pick a monster and fight alongside your
friends. More details tomorrow but it looks very very cool.

Time for bed.

7:42pm 11 June 2005

It's been a crazy few days and I am bound to pay for it on Monday
morning. I just posted a full Depths of Darkhollow preview on both
Caster's Realm and Mobhunter (there are very slight differences but
mostly the same). Everyone is really excited about it and the rumors
run rampant.

I have a few other juicy tidbits as well. It appears we will see a full
geometric and graphical revamp of both Nektulos forest and the Plane of
Knowledge! Many times throughout the weekend, Craig Knapp has asked
players what features would bring players together in one spot to find
groups. He suggested Minigames. I suggested short-duration stackable
buffs with regen and mana regen from a single unique NPC - just some
bonus hp and mana for starting groups in this place. Any other
suggestions are welcome so post them here if you have a good idea.

There are only a couple of events left this evening. I don't know how
long I am going to last at the beach party tonight or how much more
juicy information I might get as the night wears on and the alcohol
runs free.



