From -2245317799208569153
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9da9368b9b735e40
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-04-20 12:52:10 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.xnet.com!dfw-peer!news.verio.net!dfw-feed.news.verio.net!feed1.nycmny01.us.to.verio.net!newsmaster.cc.columbia.edu!not-for-mail
From: "Jonathan" <phoenixprince@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Explain what is the role of a Monk in groups today.
Date: Tue, 20 Apr 2004 15:52:10 -0400
Organization: Columbia University
Lines: 85
Message-ID: <c63v19$1ro$1@newsmaster.cc.columbia.edu>
References: <PI6dndFTA9KA9hjdRVn-jg@giganews.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dyn-wien-209-163.dyn.columbia.edu
X-Trace: newsmaster.cc.columbia.edu 1082490729 1912 160.39.209.163 (20 Apr 2004 19:52:09 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: postmaster@columbia.edu
NNTP-Posting-Date: 20 Apr 2004 19:52:09 GMT
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:28732

Tolkienfan wrote:
> Having read many of the monk forums it seems that a monk's usefulness
> to a group has been diminished.  Rogues are sought after more due to
> the fact that they can out damage a monk.  Warriors are sought after
> due to their mitigation advantage and their new abilities to generate
> hate.
>
> After many parses of higher level monks it appears that there is a
> soft cap on monk ac of 1340.  After that point, additional AC has
> little to no return value.  Monks go through life with weight
> restrictions but, higher level monks who actually are able to get
> their hands on excellent gear can easily blow the 1340 AC soft cap
> away.  Then weight seems to no longer be an issue. Big deal if you
> are over weight as a Monk, as long as your AC is over 1340 then you
> are still maxed out on your defense potential.

The AC "soft cap" changes with every expansion.  In GoD, no soft cap has
been reached; every bit of ac makes a difference.

> The Monk Mitigation Nerf took place before POP was released.  Having
> researched this subject I learned that the nerf was intended to slow
> down the top 5% of Monks but ended up hurting the entire class.  Now,
> some 18+ months after the Monk Mitigation Nerf, monks still have
> problems with POP and above mobs going through them like a meat
> grinder.  Low end monks that do not have decent equipment have this
> problem magnified.

Where exactly are monks being put through the meat grinder?  Monks aren't
warriors, paladins, or shadow knights.  I as a necromancer have "tanked"
named in BoT.  Monks with which I am guilded have off tanked Sol Ro trash
mobs.  So unless you are talking elemental/Sol Ro minis/named, where is it
that monks are incapable of surviving an encounter with a PoP mob?  If you
mean monks are not making effective tanks for xp groups, then I would agree
with you, but I would also add that it isn't their role.

 > One of the motivations for the Nerf seems to have been that Warriors
> were complaining that they were being overlooked by groups for
> tankage duty or at the least had to compete with Monks for tankage
> duty.  Well warriors now have their new hate producing toys that
> Monks do not.

Monks don't get hate producing abilites or weapons because they shouldn't be
getting aggro off of those classes on whom it belongs, namely: Warriors,
Paladins, Shadow Knights, Rangers, and Wizards who can't use concussion.


>Since this is the case, why not give Monks back their
> original mitigation abilities? Beastlords who are suppose to be
> hybrids of monks can already out damage monks and bring valuable
> tools to groups.  Rogues can out damage monks, Warriors and Knights
> can generate more hate than monks and also have much more hit points
> and better damage mitigation than monks.  Other than pulling old
> world yard trash what else can monks do that would make high end
> groups want them?

Monks can do damage and they can pull.  Yes, in some places other classes
make better pullers than monks.  The typical example would be LDoN
adventures, where, because of the time limit, splitting mobs with fd is too
time consuming.  The phantom line of disciplines, however, has made monks a
viable puller for adventures where the group can handle an extra mob or two
on occation.  In PoP xp zones (BoT, Sol Ro, Earth, Water) monks make fine
pullers in my experience.  As for being out damaged by rogues, aside from
being able to use SoS to scout, which is of limited use in an xp group, what
are rogues bringing to the group besides damage?

From your argument, it seems as if you want monks to have some role that
will make them invaluable and a near necessity to every group.  That won't
and shouldn't happen.  When it comes to xp groups, no class is a must have.

It might seem like a trite answer, but if you personally are severly
dissatisfied with being a monk, then I would reccomend finding a different
class to play that has the abilities you want to use.  I think that many
classes want to feel that they are the absolute best at some important
aspect of the game.  Doing that, however, and trying to balance all the
classes is an impossibility.  As a necromancer, there are some changes that
I think would bring my class more in balance with other classes (foremost a
higher % chance to crit dots), but nothing so egregious that I think I need
to look for a new main.

-- 
Sinaiel Soulmerchant
Arch Lich of Misericordia
on Brell Serilis




