From 1842856488006498761
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3e28efd39f2f21b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: mshea01@gmail.com (Mike Shea)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mobhunter: Omens of War Review
Date: 24 Sep 2004 16:01:29 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 130
Message-ID: <546f4550.0409241501.5dea866@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 69.140.70.205
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1096066890 31208 127.0.0.1 (24 Sep 2004 23:01:30 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 24 Sep 2004 23:01:30 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17779

Omens of War Review

by Loral on September 20, 2004

Last week SOE released Everquest's eighth expansion in five years,
Omens of War. There is no way to fully review an expansion after only
one week, so consider this the first of at least two reviews of the
expansion. In later weeks we will discuss whether the expansion filled
in all of the gaps it intended to fill. For now we focus on what we
know so far. Omens of War is a very strong expansion and well worth
$30.

Omens includes a lot of new, useful, and fun zones to hunt in. There
are eight over-land zones starting at level 45 and quickly reaching
into level 65 and 70. There are three sets of instanced expeditions,
the sewers, catacombs, and hollows. One locked zone awaits the arrival
of big fancy people, and a set of Justice-like instanced group and
raid trials await the corpses of level 70s.

The zones in this expansion look great. The wide open wastelands of
the Wall of Slaughter stretch to the crushed walls of the Dragorn
keeps. Ancient bridges cross the canyons of the Ruins of Dranik. All
of these zones resemble lands at war, with scorched earth and skies of
smoke.

Unlike Planes of Power, the better hunting zones of Omens are
unlocked. The instanced expeditions guarentee that any player above 45
can find a place to earn good experience with little competition.

Omens has only one locked zone and none are expected to see it right
away. Already we see treasures coming from the furthest reaches of the
Muramite Provingrounds (sic) and Riftseeker's Sanctum. Flags prevented
this sort of gold rush in Planes of Power and Gates of Discord, but
the advantages of unflagged zones outweigh the disadvantages.

It is no surprise that characters began reaching level 70 two days
after release. Characters have been at level 65 for a long time and
not being at the top level seems unnatural. Many seek to reach that
top end not because they want it but because they feel they deserve to
have it.

More troubling is where they go to get it. Instead of joining five
friends and exploring these new lands, fast-track hunters head to the
Plane of Fire. Message threads string across the net with discussions
of the Plane of Fire and the experience within. Some report waiting in
lines to kite at the tables, the single best place to earn experience
in the game. If ever a place needed to be modified to increase the
risk vs reward, that is it.

The alternate advanced abilities in Omens appear far more useful than
the ones we saw in Gates. Most continue the progression of previous
AAs such as critical damage increases, healing increases, and stat
increases. Some offer a lot of utility such as a ninth spell-gem and
five more buff slots. For 25 AA points, one can up their mana
regeneration cap from 15 to 20. Each class has a few unique and
interesting abilities as well.

The shiny loot of Omens appears to fill in the power gap between level
65 single-group hunters and high-end professional raiders. We now
reached a point where a character can level from 1 to 70, gear up with
bazaar, Ornate, and LDON loot, and then earn gear in the high-end of
Omens without ever needing to raid to get better gear. Raiding always
offers greater rewards, as it should, but single-group progression now
has a bridge deep into Gates of Discord and the high-end of Omens of
War without requiring raiding.

The task system improved a lot since the early days of beta. Tasks
break up into a set of four sub-tasks involving exploration of places
best left alone, shady meetings with Wayfarer agents, collecting four
shiny things, and killing ten evildoers. Tasks range from level 5 to
level 65 with more tasks on the way in coming weeks. Their difficulty
varies but I completed two or three different ones by myself at level
65, not bad for a weak and pasty cleric.

The greatest improvement to the task system is the scaling reward.
While some classes solo much better than others, players earn rewards
based on class. Clerics, paladins, and warriors who generally have
more trouble hunting alone receive a higher reward than necromancers,
bards, and wizards who can complete tasks much faster. The rewards of
the task system make it useful without ruining the rewards of
grouping. Triggered beasts and events locked for the triggering player
would add a lot of excitement to the tasks. Perhaps that is a feature
we will see later on.

The graphics in Omens are astounding. Detailed carvings and erosion on
walls look good enough to run a hand over. Torchlight shines on the
scaly skin of a Dragorn as it rushes down a hallway. Red eyes shine
bright from the six eyes of a Chimera. Moonlight shines off of the
water over the Abysmal Seas. Breath frosts out of the mouths of the
hunters of Halas. Everquest's look improved much in the last five
years and its visuals never cease to amaze me.

The lack of description and options for graphic performance makes
these new graphics inconsistent from user to user. A new "advanced"
tab in display options offers shadows, reflective waters, pixel shader
1.0, pixel shader 2.0, vertex shaders, reflective waters, and a few
other options. It doesn't include Hardware TnL (don't ask me what it
stands for) and Vsync, the option that tells the game not to run
faster than your monitor can display. Vsync may be the most important
feature to make Everquest look solid on faster machines and the only
way to enable it is to put a "Vsync=1" variable under "Defaults" in
one's eqclient.ini file.

Everquest needs a better interface for display settings with better
auto-detection, a simple slider bar or check box for the features to
enable. Most important are descriptions of what each feature does and
what types of systems should enable it. Few people know what a pixel
shader 2.0 is and no one should need to.

In the mean time, players must work hard to understand all of the
available settings and figure out which they should use.

SOE released a lot of smaller features in Omens as well. The voice
macro system lets tanks shout "Heal me, dolt!" when my eyes stray over
to my Tivo too much. Guild tributes let officers donate junky gear so
other members can have an extra point of mana regen. Custom titles
ensure you can pick the title you liked the best. I always preferred
Venerable to Exarch.

Omens is a great expansion. Excellent unflagged and unrestricted
zones, new levels and AAs, new shiny loot for both single-group
hunters and raiders, top-notch graphics, and a lot of fun new features
make Omens one of the best Everquest expansions. It takes time to find
all of the nooks and crannies in such a game, no one can write a
complete review after only one week of play, but so far Omens is a lot
of fun.

Loral Ciriclight
20 September 2004
loral@loralciriclight.com


