From -6250619691712932087
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e1ebe22ac20e44fa,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-01 15:38:23 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!news100.world-online.no!news100.world-online.no!news.world-online.no.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: celaeno@shavenwookie.nospam.com (Celaeno)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Crazy night
Organization: Blueberry Pie Inc.
Message-ID: <3b3f5b46.9925590@news.world-online.no>
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.21/32.243
Lines: 76
Date: Sun, 01 Jul 2001 22:38:21 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 213.142.73.66
X-Complaints-To: abuse@world-online.no
X-Trace: news.world-online.no 994027101 213.142.73.66 (Mon, 02 Jul 2001 00:38:21 MET DST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 02 Jul 2001 00:38:21 MET DST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:90610

My druid hasn't been doing too well lately, but yesterday was just too
weird.

I'm bored with Dreadlands and still reluctant to solo, so I port to
Lavastorm to see if I can get a group in Sol B. I can't, but we're 4
people lfg in the zone so we form up. Problem? The warrior is an ogre.
You'd think that an ogre warrior in an uberguild would know better
than to go to Sol B without shrink potions, wouldn't you? Nope. This
guy can't even get past the entrance, since a monk is feigned there,
AFK - at first we wondered if somehow the massive corpse pile was
blocking him. Monk gets quite a few /rude gestures.
There's a shout of train to Lavastorm. Does fatty move? No, he wants
to kill train... and none of us can get out while he is closest to the
entrance. The rogue sneaks to one of the Sol A zones and gets away,
the cleric is reduced to pulp, I get stuck between fatty and the mobs
and somehow manage to squeeze past to the zone - probably when the
ogre bit the dust. Cleric comes back, rezzes himself, pulls ogre past
the feigned monk and rezzes ogre. The closest areas are camped, I
don't know which other areas we could get to with a full sized ogre,
and there's still bits and pieces of train in circle room, so when a
friend asks if I want to run off and do stuff with his 51 cleric at
the same time as a ranger enters looking for group, I leave.

Cleric and I go to Eastern Wastes to look for snow griffins, not one
in sight. We kill a couple random mobs, sit around, another friend
asks me to come to Skyfire 'for something different' but expects me to
port to what I've heard is a death trap and seems to think I can cast
camo and Winds of the North at the same time...
Cleric and I decide to try getting me to Wakening Land for my dragon
tooth and port spells. Off we go to Kael, with him lagging and invis
constantly dropping. Approaching Kael, I am ambushed by the death
squad and just keep running. I never saw them, but it was somewhat
comforting to look at track and see the giants were just white and
yellow. Inside, I camo us both and we start running. Around the point
where the path through Kael turns right through some kind of narrow
doorway, I lose sight of him and his invis drops. He successfully
hides, is out of aggro range of any giants, points me to the 'door',
we reinvis and head to Wakening Land.

After the scary Kael run, I want to do something relaxing and switch
to my shadow knight and suggest I go for tooth and spells tomorrow
when I have a WL map. He says he knows where to go. We both take the
precaution of binding, head to dragon ring, get my tooth. Head to
island, I peek around inside tower looking for vendor. They don't mind
me, but my friend is a dark elf... he stays outside. 
I find the vendors and look for my spells when out of nowhere an ogre
mercenary starts beating on me and chain casting drowsy. Not exactly
what I expected on second floor of a tower in the middle of nowhere :)
I run outside, and my friend has also been aggroed, by something I
shouldn't kill. Flustered, I'm not sure what to do, try rooting the
ogre and get interrupted, and my friend is dying. I try to buy him
some time and cast a heal on him just as a drixie thane decides it
doesn't like him either and beats him to a pulp before going after me
and finishing what the ogre had begun, sending me back to level 42.
Yay! (I don't know if the drixie would have liked me normally. If he
would have - that was one poorly timed heal)

Cadfael is my hero. I'd passed him inside Kael and told him I'd gotten
splatted at the vendor, and he offered to come and give us a 56 rez
even though my friend was also a cleric (albeit a bit lower) :)
Meanwhile, I'm laughing my ass off to have this happen at the vendor
after the successful Kael run; it's especially funny because my friend
had almost changed his mind about going to WL when we were discussing
it, saying he had a bad feeling :) 

I ended the evening with hauling my corpse to dragon ring, running
back to pick up port spells and retrieving my friend's corpse - he was
helpful enough to tell me it was _behind a tree_ :) while my friend
was jumping back and forth between WL and Kael, getting trained on
both sides and very nearly dying a second time. We got rezzed, I got
my level back, and we ported out of there. Wakening Lands is a lovely
zone, but I don't think I'll be back for a while :)


Celaeno Duskwalker
Fier'dal druid of Erollisi Marr


