From -7824005786714791107
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: 1042ac,f1ddab4aceefff93
X-Google-Attributes: gid1042ac,public
X-Google-Thread: f52e8,f1ddab4aceefff93
X-Google-Attributes: gidf52e8,public
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f1ddab4aceefff93
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Thread: fee76,f1ddab4aceefff93
X-Google-Attributes: gidfee76,public
X-Google-Thread: 1082f5,f1ddab4aceefff93
X-Google-Attributes: gid1082f5,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-15 18:11:17 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: islamisgrowing2000@my-deja.com (islamisgrowing2000)
Newsgroups: soc.culture.usa,misc.writing,rec.games.chess.misc,soc.men,alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Chomsky Speaks on Bombings
Date: 15 Sep 2001 18:11:17 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 180
Message-ID: <8509baa1.0109151711.6d3ea1e8@posting.google.com>
References: <dGho7.5756$0a1.118031@amsnews02.chello.com> <3BA2862A.EE2D4D73@lava.net> <meNo7.2660$hu1.1720988@nntp1.onemain.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 12.109.24.215
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1000602677 13016 127.0.0.1 (16 Sep 2001 01:11:17 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 16 Sep 2001 01:11:17 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com soc.culture.usa:156994 misc.writing:95295 rec.games.chess.misc:27798 soc.men:156227 alt.games.everquest:118295

In the name of Allah, The Compassionate, The Merciful  

Sayings of the Prophet Muhammad
(peace and blessings upon him)
ISLAM began as something strange, and it will become thus again, as it
was at the beginning.
Blessed, therefore, are the strangers.
(He was asked who the strangers are:)
The strangers are those who restore what the people have corrupted of
my law,
as well as those who revive what has been destroyed of it.
You will not enter paradise until you believe,
and you will not believe until you love one another.
Let me guide you to something in the doing of which you will love one
another.
Give a greeting to everyone among you.
I was delegated as a prophet to perfect moral virtues.
Good character is half of faith.
God is merciful to those who show mercy to others.
Power consists not in being able to strike another,
but in being able to control oneself when anger arises.
Honor your children and thus improve their manners.
The three best things:
to be humble amidst the vicissitudes of fortune;
to pardon when powerful;
and to be generous with no strings attached.
Whoever does not express his gratitude to people will never be
grateful to God.
The best people are those who are most useful to others.
Living among others is a cause for blessing,
while seclusion is the cause of torment.
Happy is the person who finds fault with himself
instead of finding fault with others.
From morning until night and from night until morning
keep your heart free from malice towards anyone.
A perfect Muslim is one from whose tongue and hands mankind is safe.
Islam is purity of speech and hospitality.
Every religion has a distinctive virtue
and the distinctive virtue of Islam is modesty.
Greet those whom you know and those whom you don't know.
When asked what was most excellent in a human being, he answered,
"A friendly disposition."
The best of God's servants are those who when seen remind you of God;
and the worst of God's servants are those who spread tales
to do mischief and separate friends, and look for the faults of the
good.
Whoever believes in one God and the Hereafter,
let him speak what is good or remain silent.
He is the best Muslim whose disposition is most liked by his own
family.
Respect the guest and do not inconvenience your neighbors.
The faithful are as one person.
If a man complains of a pain in his head, his whole body complains;
and if his eye complains, his whole body complains.
He is not of us who is not affectionate to the little ones
and does not respect the reputation of the old.
Truly, the farthest seat from me on the day of resurrection will be
the garrulous, those who talk glibly, and those who talk tall.
And who is it that talk tall? The vain-glorious.
God is gentle and loves gentleness.
Inscribed on the prophet's sword:
Forgive him who wrongs you; join him who cuts you off;
do good to him who does evil to you;
and speak the truth even if it be against yourself.
Whoever restrains his anger when he has the power to show it,
God will give him a great reward.
Backbiting is more grievous than adultery,
and God will not forgive the backbiter until the one wronged has
forgiven him.
Keep yourselves far from envy, because it eats up and takes away good
actions
as fire consumes and burns the wood.
What actions are most excellent?
To gladden the heart of a human being,
to feed the hungry, to help the afflicted,
to lighten the sorrow of the sorrowful, and to remove the wrongs of
the injured.


========================================================
The Last Sermon of Prophet Muhammad
May the Mercy and Peace of Almighty God be upon him

This sermon was delivered on the Ninth Day of the month of Dhul-Hijjah
in
the Tenth Year of the Hijrah (i.e. the Prophet's forced migration from
Mecca
to Medina) in the 'Uranah Valley of Arafat, near Mecca.
After praising and thanking Almighty God (Arabic: Allah), the Prophet,
peace
be upon him, said:
"O People lend me an attentive ear, for I know not whether after this
year I
shall ever be amongst you again. Therefore listen to what I am saying
very
carefully and TAKE THESE WORDS TO THOSE WHO COULD NOT BE PRESENT HERE
TODAY.
O People just as you regard this month, this day and this city as
sacred, so
regard the life and property of every Muslim as a sacred trust. Return
the
goods entrusted to you to their rightful owners. Hurt no one so that
no one
may hurt you. Remember that you will indeed meet your LORD, and that
he will
indeed reckon your deeds. ALMIGHTY GOD has forbidden you to take
interest
(Arabic: riba), therefore all financial obligations involving interest
shall
henceforth be waived. Your capital is yours to keep. You will neither
inflict nor suffer any inequity. Almighty God has judged that there
shall be
no interest and that all the interest due to Abbas ibn 'Abd
al-Muttalib (the
Prophet's uncle) be waived. Every right arising out of homicide in
pre-Islamic days is henceforth waived and the first such right that I
waive
is that arising from the murder of Rabiah ibn al- Harithibn.
O men, the unbelievers indulge in tampering with the calendar in order
to
make permissible that which God forbade, and to forbid that which God
has
made permissible. With Almighty God, the months are twelve in number.
Four
of them are holy, three of these are successive and one occurs singly
between the months of Jumada and Shaban.
Beware of Satan, for the safety of your religion. He has lost all hope
of
that he will be able to lead you astray in big things, so beware of
following him in small things.
O People it is true that you have certain rights with regard to your
women,
but they also have right over you. Remember that you have taken them
as your
wives only under God's trust and with His permission. If they abide by
your
rights, then to them belong the right to be fed and clothed in
kindness.
Treat your women well and be kind to them for they are your partners
and
committed helpers. And it is your right that they do not make friends
with
anyone of whom you do not approve, as well as never to be unchaste.
O People, listen to me in ernest, worship ALMIGHTY GOD, say your five
daily
prayers fast during month of Ramadan, and give your wealth in charity
(Arabic: Zakat) and perform Hajj if you can afford to.
All of mankind comes from Adam and Eve. An Arab has no superiority
over a
non-Arab, nor does a non-Arab have any superiority over an Arab; also
a
white has no superiority over a black nor does a black have any
superiority
over a white --- except by piety and good action. Learn that every
Muslim is
a brother to every Muslim and that the Muslims constitute one
brotherhood.
Nothing shall be legitimate to a Muslim which belogs to a fellow
Muslim
unless it was given freely and willingly. Do not therefore do
injustice to
yourselves. Remember one day you will meet Almighty God and answer for
your
deeds. So beware and do not stray from the path of righteousness after
I am
gone.
O People, NO PROPHET OR MESSENGER WILL COME AFTER ME AND NO NEW FAITH
WILL
BE BORN. Reason well, therefore, O People, and understand the words
which I
convey to you. I leave behind me two things: the QUR'AN and my SUNNAH,
and
if you follow these you will never go astray.
All those who listen to me shall pass on my words to others and those
to
others again; and may the last ones understand my words better than
those
who listen to me directly. Be my witness, O GOD, that I have conveyed
Your
message to Your people."


