From -7560506429251805745
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,32ba1917f5033811
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-12 06:01:45 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!news.stealth.net!news.stealth.net!66.250.146.10.MISMATCH!newshosting.com!news-xfer1.atl.newshosting.com!204.186.200.232.MISMATCH!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3D57AF5A.9C4C7343@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Best way to powerlevel a wizard/druid?
References: <YVK59.14264$2k.1214832@newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 103
Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2002 12:51:54 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.233.1
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1029156714 66.109.233.1 (Mon, 12 Aug 2002 08:51:54 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2002 08:51:54 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:222185



Chris Martin wrote:

> This isn't the 'what class is best powerleveler' question, because i'm
> specifiacally looking for wizard/druid powerleveling. although I bet it will
> be turned into that thread.  I have always wanted to be able to teleport,
> just one of those things that have always interested me.  But I'll be damned
> if I could get my wizard exp naturally.  Keep getting my ass kicked,
> grouped, not grouped, whatever.  I know some people don't approve of
> powerleveling, but I do NOT intend to use this character to group, so there
> is no chance of me getting other people killed and such.  My biggest kick
> out of playing EQ is making other people enjoy themselves more.  I play a
> shaman and an enchanter for just that reason, clarity to all, shaman buffs
> to everyone!  I finally got my cleric high enough level to be useful when
> someone shouts 'looking for a rez!', 50 percent is better than nothing,
> right?  Anyways, I would love to be able to spend an hour before I go off to
> bed jumping around norrath porting people from place to place.  My wizard is
> 16, my druid is 18.  Besides monk slaughter/feign, what would be the best
> way to powerlevel them?  I have access to post 50's of each class, so if you
> have a suggestion, please throw it out there.
>
> The chars I could use most easily for this is on my first account, 53
> shaman, 16 wizard, on my second account, 48 enchanter, 36 cleric, 18 druid.
>
> For getting the wizard leveled, how about using the enchanter?  There is
> always the mem blur, but also he has a self only 24 point damage shield, and
> mind buffs for the wizard.. Anyways, suggestions, hints, tips, flames, all
> welcome :).

I don't know anything about powerleveling a wizard, but I can speak to
the druid a bit.

I made a druid with the sole intention of getting him to port levels
to port around my friends, and more specifically to port around
my druid friend's alt monk.

At low levels, PLing consisted of regen and DS, and occaisional
heals.  At higher levels, we got to the point where there was nothing
the real druid (in her mid 50s at the time) could do to make things
faster than me just soloing.  HP buffs, regen, and so forth mean
nothing when you never come in contact with the mobs in the
first place.  Only effective PLing I got from 20 to 29 from her was
that a couple times she found a chanter who could KEI me.

Druids also just got a real shot in the arm with the new DOT
un-nerf, now there's no more need to root unless nearly OOM,
snare, dot, dd dd dd dd until dead, med a bit, repeat.  With KEI,
a steady diet of barely red mobs is in order, as long as they
don't resist too much.  Without it, stick to yellows or even cons.

I don't see what the 53 shaman is going to be able to do for you,
really, he can't even port you to a chanter, while its possible to
have him nearly kill stuff and then zone out while you finish
it off, this limits you to fighting near zone lines, makes it impossible
for him to use DOTS (tried this plan with the druid, didn't get
exp cause DOTs outdamaged me even with her zoned out)
Hmm, I suppose he could help you out by reducing resists, which
are the most chancy aspect of soloing.

OK, I said I don't know from wizards.  But lets take a peek.
How about this, chanter casts clarity and then logs to druid.
Druid SOWs you and uses harmony to single pull mobs out
to you, snared.  You kill them.   I know, using a 18 druid to
PL you sounds nuts, but what you are really missing, as a
low level wizard, are SOW and Snare.  Unfortunately, as
you level up, if you leave the druid behind, you'll start having
to kill blues instead of reds since the druid won't be able
to stick that vital snare to the Red to you mobs.

Another plan is for the chanter to nearly kill something, then
root and mem blur it.  You still need to be able to do enough
damage to get the killing blow in, though, and chanters are
clumsy killers this way, only reason it might work out would
be that he'd be hurting mobs that are very green to him, so
he might not have to use all that much mana.  He can't use
his pet effectively since he can't call it off the target, or you'd
certainly have a winning plan.

Here's a radically different approach that could be of interest.
Take one of your high level characters to the Gorge.  Hunt
Evil Eyes.  Keep the optic nerves.  Give them to your alt along
with a large stack of sapphires.  Alt does Crafted Bracer quest
repeatedly.  Ding.  Ding.  Ding.  Crafted armor is worth about
a blue per piece up into your mid 20s, you'll feel like a pre-teen
on crushbone belts.  Sell the bracers off at a small loss in the
Bazaar, perhaps, or just eat the expense.

Fight in SK at the KFC, and carry lots of (rubies?) with you,
each time an aviak charm drops, run up and hand in for
a crafted gauntlet with similar exp results... only trouble
is these are lore, so you now have to either destroy this one,
sell it, pawn it off onto an alt, or you are unable to repeat.  The
bracers (since you would naturally wear two) aren't lore,
which makes them ideal.

What other high exp quests are still available to PL you on?
Hmm, I recall one in Kaladim, using aviak claws or something,
which drop a lot more frequently on aviak island in OOT.  Don't
think they are droppable, though.

Bergh



