From 1230066287441679029
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c6986dad08ad5ee9,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2006 13:21:33 -0500
Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2006 14:22:20 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Sloppy better than not at all
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <PqqdnZ8D6-kwLnnZnZ2dnUVZ_sadnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 100
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.48.203
X-Trace: sv3-d1aS+H4fuQ4pI5optCtLKAVgAy981FYwYZS3WfNZngH1yyA9BdsdZmSpZqc7hNKVu5KkyiE1AyfDo/x!o0g3fcE4ThOvAPc7Jor7ob2aAdN3rZLdTxwj9oyV8SIU8qpIC6HBUFQGdWC+lUTF0OCYAyJGDOHW!dBT8L2dEnbY=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3571

Early in the day yesterday, the guildmotd was changed to reflect a 
probable raid to kill the General in Kithicor and get my new guild its 
first epic.  The raid was to be unofficial.  Similarly, the Hate raid 
I'd MT'd for the night before was unofficial.  Unofficial means no DKP 
awarded for attending, none charged for getting drops.

I was a bit confused over this, and asked about the idea in private 
tells; I was told that due to the casual raiding nature of the guild, 
people would get upset if raids went on for DKP without them being 
announced far enough in advance that they could clear  their schedules.

I made it clear that I really didn't want to get entangled in any 
arguements, and would certainly accept that as just the way it goes... 
but pointed out that at this point in the game, every raiding target I 
could think of would be available only on a "if we beat everyone else to 
it when it pops" basis, planning days or a week in advance didn't seem 
likely to bear much fruit.  In particular  (although I didn't bring this 
up) the system they are using involves a higher awarded DKP both on a 
per hour and on a success, if an epic is involved.  So here we're 
looking at the final big fight for an epic, and rather than it being for 
extra bonus DKP, its for none at all?

A few hours later, the raid was changed to "official" with DKP involved. 
   Don't know if my question had anything  to do with that, or if others 
were asking the same questions more insistantly... but change it did.

As the clock time for the raid approached, a difficulty arose; another 
guild was starting to form up for their own General attempt.  While we 
weren't certain about this, it appeared that if they followed the usual 
plan and killed all the other DE (except one) before spawning the 
general, there would be none left when they were done, and it would be 
over 8 real world hours before they'd repop.  We tried to get them to 
agree to leave a couple DE standing, but they refused.

Some thought was given to deliberately pulling a couple DE away and 
hiding them in a far corner of the zone, going FD to keep them alive, 
and dropping out of FD whenever they started to wander home.  But this 
idea upset some of the members, who refused to go if there was going to 
be a dispute.

Well, as it turns out, the other guild decided they didn't have the 
numbers to do the General anyway, and went off to Hate instead.  Now we 
were faced with our own numbers problem; a good many members had logged 
off rather than see even a chance of a dispute erupt.  But we managed to 
field a credible though hardly overwhelming force, and decided to give 
it a try.

Formed up at the WC end of Kithicor, killing a fair number of undead and 
getting a mage epic drop... which got ninja looted by one of the guild 
mages who should have known better.  Then we moved over to Rivervale, 
and made our first effort at pulling.  I was nominated, despite my 
privately saying that I'm not very experienced at it and that SK FD is 
fairly unreliable in a pinch.  But still willing.  Well, a ranger pulls, 
and I try to snag just his snared target away from the herd, but fail, I 
get the whole pack.  I try to FD and that doesn't work either, I get 
beat down by the pack fairly quick (what I should have done is just run 
the whole lot to HHK)

Well I get rezzed, and they have another tagger give it a shot.  They 
manage to get a single DE away, and the rogue does the hand in, spawning 
the general... back in the DE camp with all his DE buddies.

Ranger manages, somehow, to single pull the general away from the pack, 
pulls it to us, and we engage... and start dropping like flies.  The 
heal plan in place isn't even close to adequate, he can't be slowed, 
just about all the spells being cast at him bounce, MT, ST, TT drop dead 
followed shortly by every other melee that have engaged him, myself 
included.  We partial wipe, with the survivors zoning into RV.

Rezzed back up, plan C.  Now I'm MT, and there's a Cheal chain set in 
place, along with (due to limited healing) Rune V chain.  Ranger again 
performs the miracle and drags the General over solo, I grab aggro after 
an embarassing initial lapse (he's so MR that my casting on him doesn't 
seem to compete with the aggro from people casting heals right and left) 
and procede to hold him thru about 50% of his HP total before dropping 
dead; quadding me for up to 500 a shot, and proccing a 500 point 
lifetap, eventually the RNG catches up with me and I go down before the 
next Rune or Cheal lands.

He procedes to chew the other tanks up fairly quickly, but suffers 
enough more damage while doing so that he's down to 20% or so by the 
time its just pets, and chain pets gets him to the point where he's 
fleeing.  He's down to 3% for a LONG time, apparantly the remaining pet 
classes are enough to counter his regen but not enough to actually kill 
him.  Some DPS melee are quickly rezzed, loot their weapons only, and 
manage to catch up with him and add enough DPS to finally drop him.

As luck would have it, he drops an SK shield which I can't bid on due to 
having no points at all, and no quill.  Last General kill I saw, the 
quill dropped as well, so it was no more than 20 minutes before the 
rogue had her epic... this time it appears the rogue has to camp himself 
four robes, so it will be a little while yet before he's completed it, 
on the bright side all the raid sized battles are over.

After, most people logged or left to go back to exping, but a core of us 
went back over to the WC line and killed random undeads till we came up 
with another enraged dreaded wolf and got that first mage his torn page 
drop for his epic, then I logged out too.

Berg, 57 SK, Combine


