From 1903687096822913833
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5f744b5581c71484,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 25 Jul 2004 04:49:37 -0500
Date: Sun, 25 Jul 2004 05:49:32 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Berserker puller
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <VI2dnWxr3rOsH57cRVn-ig@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 86
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.216.167.170
X-Trace: sv3-oDCKK9WqI0/wRjIqOXpyb9qYWmzzg19CHwWtzLz98aZ9fWm5AiWJYGoQSymxvqCZB0DrqZZ3Oq+gHFe!wTY1nR+4K4eQhlwJxj2tpRBsqENUb7NTcJn7RlIRNRHrrMKNLKKqXu4frGgdcxuueTNKxXMIiPoX
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:10971

I'm not sure why, but I keep getting groups where I end up puller and MT.

Admittedly, if I'm going to be MT it helps a lot if I'm also puller, 
because it give me a boost up on the hate list early on.

Anyway, here's how I've worked things out, with all the tricks I can 
think of so far.

Move forward in short bursts, watching for something to prox aggro me 
that I can't see.  When I spot a mob, try moving sideways a bit to see 
if there's something near it, or closer to me, which I'm not seeing.

Picking to the best of my ability the closest mob to me, and if there's 
a choice the one furthest from any buddies, back up to max throw range 
if I can given the angles involved.

If I'm not pretty sure its going to be a single, and the distance back 
to the group isn't real long, I throw a snare.   Singles I oftn throw a 
damage axe so I can get back to the group faster with the pull.

Moving away, pause and glance back to see what's coming, hit INCOMING 
button once per mob, keeping my target the same.

Get back to group.

If its single, stop at the Kill Spot, await mob, dropping some damage 
throwers into it on the way in.

If its multiples, run past the kill spot till the adds are also past it, 
then move forward to engage the mob I pulled; snared, he's going to be a 
bit late.

I've designated myself as Group Main Assist with my sole  leadership 
ability, plus there's regular assist for the people without GoD.  And 
the mob is there all by himself, while the adds are in a different 
position.  CC people deal with adds, DPS people deal with my target

Assuming I'm designated main tank, I hit mob with everything I've got, 
frenzy every time it pops, stun axe every time that slot pops, disarm as 
it pops.  Usually unless people work at it, this lets me keep aggro on 
my target.

When mob dies, I turn, select next target, wait for ability slot to pop 
up, then stun, hit attack, frenzy, incoming message.  Stunning before 
breaking helps me get aggro and locks the mob in place for four seconds 
of beating which helps remove aggro from the chanter and healer.  Sadly, 
thats sometimes not enough and after four seconds I may end up chasing 
the mob around the room till stun pops again.  Usually by the second 
stun I've got the mob's attention.

Sometimes instead of pulling with snare I use a damage axe, which lets 
me move further away from the mob after throwing and before it hits (or 
misses, both work fine)  Idea is to hopefully be out of add range before 
the weapon hits.  Sometimes this works sometimes it doesn't.  Its simple 
enough to snare the mob as its coming in, either way, if needed.  If 
room is short though I tend twoards the snare instead as it saves a step.

One thing I can't do so far that people have described is use different 
f9 positions to see whats on the other side of a door.  I surmise this 
has something to do with the overhead view, or perhaps one where you can 
fly the "camera" around for different angles of view on me... but I don' 
t know how to move the Camera, and can't seem to see much from any 
angle, tending towards first person 99% of the time.

Something else I'm not using yet is designated lulling.  I'm usually 
with an enchanter friend, and could certainly bring her up behind me to 
lull whichever target I designate; my mage grouped with a husband and 
wife cleric/warrior team who did this plan very nicely, and almost 
constantly.  I've been helping the chanter learn the fine art of mezzing 
and haven't gotten around to this trick yet, partially because I can 
rarely see the adds anyway.

Another trick I could use would be to stock up on stalking probes in the 
bazaar, and use them to break into rooms.  My mage carries some of these 
at all times to hand out to pullers for use on difficult breaks.  5 
charges of eye of zomm per probe, and I'm pretty practiced at the use of 
eye of zomm due to my mage's clicky eye bracer.

In the long run, I'm betting things get harder to the point where I'm 
-not- usually the best choice for MT, and pulling singles gets more 
important to where I'm  not the best choice for puller.  But at 42 I'm 
still having lots of fun violating common sense, which suggests that a 
chain class with no lull or FD is a poor choice for either job.

Grage, 43 Berzerk, Luclin



