From -6238540123014830963
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,90072aa406bf7d78
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-16 07:17:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!paloalto-snf1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!enews.sgi.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: velious faction question
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <h6fost08r5ih9gjhaolmsuvq6emvjqjaae@4ax.com>
References: <3BCBB41A.CD11ABC9@unico.com.au>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 84
Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 14:17:25 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1003241845 24.3.225.40 (Tue, 16 Oct 2001 07:17:25 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 07:17:25 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:126671

On Tue, 16 Oct 2001 14:14:18 +1000, Xiang Yu <xiang@unico.com.au>
wrote:

>Hail fellow EQers,
>
>I need some help on velious faction issues.  At the moment I can
>threatening to giants and apprehensive to codiants. I would like to
>enhance my faction with giants to doubtious so I wont be in any danger
>in their city, Also i would like my faction with Cod to be at least
>duobtious, Is there a way to do it?  Basically I need a faction rised
>while as the other one not droping too much.

No. You'd have to kill those small dwarves outside kaladim AND some of
the small guardians inside skyshrine to do this I'd bet. You'd go KOS
to the dwarves of coldain long before you got to dubious with the
giants overall. That is the way that factions work, a murder kill
counts far more against you than a murder raise counts for you.

Basically velious is designed for you to be enemies of the giants and
in good with skyshrine and coldain. Those who take the route of being
in bad with both and in good with giants instead are doing so for the
kael quest armor which drops in ToV or some of the good kael quests.
Its only prudent to lock yourself into that if you are in a guild or
going to be in a guild getting those kael quest armor quests done via
Tov. They also have it harder by being more KOS velious wide where it
counts such as the wakening land ring.. in western wastes on the way
to ToV, In tov on the way to doing their area and they only have the
use of one city which has no where near the vendor resources that
Thurg has for trades and such.

On my server most guilds are skyshrine/coldain friendly and do those
tov quests while the one or two who are kael friendly have that part
of Tov always open to them. We manage to do fine by having many
europeans so most of our tov raids are in the early morning or at 11
am or noon eastern time.

My guild has found we can be allied to thurg and skyshrine and dragons
while we kill dragons in western wastes, north tov and the outdoor
ones like woushi, since we also always raid kael for statue, vindi and
tormax (BIGGG faction giants) I was warmly from much North Tov doing
then got to ally again fast to complete a couple skyshrine quests
while on a tormax raid. So I think that is the most flexible way to
go, but Much of it depends on knowing what the guild you are in will
be doing. We did not know when we started. Basically you can be allied
to dragon/skyshrine faction most of the time as long as you don't kill
the big original brood wurms, otherwise as long as you are raiding
nameds in kael (as we do constantly, especially when server up) you
can go crazy a bonkers on dragons and still be allied most of the
time. 

You can even kill dwarves in icewell keep for that armor which drops
there (quite good for plate wearing classes.. especially twinks ;)  )
and still remain allied with the dwarves in thurg once your faction is
maxxed. Of course your dain faction will go down but that is only a
concern if you will be doing the ring quest and killing big nameds in
kael is a big dain plus also. We had one guy in our guild still kinda
stuck being pro giant after he raised it and he helped a bunch of us
get coldain boots and gloves via a kael quest by killing some dwarves
in thurg. When done I was still allied to coldain and still glower
dubious to the dain.

Meanwhile you can't really be pro giant and have the same freedom. You
can't go killing statue, vindi, tormax when pro giant. Giant hits are
huge and there are several factions to be concerned about while
dragons are ONLY claws of veeshan for all practical purposes. You can
move ALL OVER skyshrine and do the armor quests even if your yelinek
faction is quite bad, all that matters is claws of veeshan. Of course
yelinek faction matters for turning in tormaxs head actually TO
yelinek and I think some people are working on that. Of course being
pro giant you can kill original brood and such and yelinek without
worry.


>Another question is that does velious armor or ring quest require your
>faction better than indiff?  Is that's the case than my sneak sell/buy
>tactic wont work on those quest :-(
>
>Thanks in advance for help.

Yes, you must be kindly or above to do the coldain quest armors and
you must be allied or above for the skyshrine or kael quest armors.
No, sneaking won't help. 

Email: dstephenAThomeDOTcom


