From -3243535418366783329
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,fa9de39b821a7903,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 09 Jun 2004 18:55:21 -0500
Date: Wed, 09 Jun 2004 19:55:17 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Starting over
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <iaydnQy02tn2PlrdRVn-gQ@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 154
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.252.127
X-Trace: sv3-k4lNK5PuMXEv2Wt9RbokKtQ5FVS88nlXK9rd6MJQb7Ioi7x9R0JhX6awID0hHZcC8DPIRa64whP2P3b!/Tzuy6axZuDEVy6BV+IYFOENN/4Y0QC4+CN6Qo7i+nuH1a9PIdxMc4is6+2ydZ1IxLdqVmnqi72Y
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:5696

Well, back from four and a half months offline, I'm looking at getting 
into EQ again.

I can go back to my existing characters, of course.  I've got a mage on 
Firiona Vie thats most of the way to 65, though poorly geared.  Or I've 
got a 65 cleric on Morell Thule... who's also poorly geared by todays 
standards, since I was never in a high end guild and haven't played him 
in about a year anyway.  Or there's a 52 shaman, or 57 bard or... 30 
enchanter?  Something like that.

But as I always do at a time like this, I'm also thinking about starting 
over.  I enjoy learning how a new (to me) class works.  I like the low 
end of the game.  I have fun scratching along with limited gear and 
advanced knowledge of how the world works... and I also get off on 
running around in 20Kpp worth of bazaarwear at low levels, or on using 
my high level characters to "hook up" a low level one with gear thats 
crap at their level but unbelievable at the low end.

Honestly the part of the game I like least is the high end, where exp 
slows to a crawl, where grouping becomes nearly critical to accomplish 
anything and simultaneously becomes extremely hard to set up unless 
you're politically connected.  Worse still (for me) are the hard core 
raiding setups where literally months of dedicated effort may be 
required to advance... when my level 20 alt can show the same degree of 
advancement in an hour's soloing!

Now once I log on (assuming the patching process actually completes, 
which at the moment is on schedule for sometime next november...dial up 
and 5 months of patches to download) I plan to take a look around with 
my mage and see if I recognize anyone... but I see from the NG that Bob 
Perez and Annie have both bid at least a temporary farewell to the game.

I might also look into reincarnating into my 65 cleric, which would make 
a lot of sense if I want to get GOD and get into it in any sort of real 
time; a new toon, should I start one, will be months of play away from 
that kind of level, and cleric is, I hear, currently on the Desirable 
Class list once more.

I could also look into my bard, 57's not that far away from the high 
end, how desirable is that class these days in the stratosphere?

My shaman, well, I did love that class, and 52 is still within range of 
the high end... but rumor has it this is currently not a Hot class, and 
I can't see doing the extra work to bring this guy along just to hit a wall.

Mage, I could stick with even though the reasons he exists are 
apparantly largely gone, 60 is certainly in range of the high end... but 
is that class also on the outs currently?

Enchanter, I think mine is at 30, so its practically a case of starting 
over.  On the other hand, its a fun class, and not one I feel I've 
explored fully, if I haven't got a given class up into the 50s I know 
from experience that things are likely to change radically enough to 
make it a whole new class at least once, if not more.  How do chanters 
rate these days?

All that aside, though, I'm still considering the "start over" option. 
I could restart as any of the above... most tempting would be cleric (my 
fourth, that would be) or Bard (oh my aching wrists though!)  Whats left?

Rogue.  Tried that, but so long ago that its really a different kettle 
of fish entirely; early on in the ROK era, and not to high levels 
either, 15 or so.   I think if I did this it would be as a twink; I've 
seen so many piercers I've had the reflexive "wow if I was playing a 
rogue!" response on over the years...

Ranger.  Took one to the low teens a couple times.  Have always missed 
"real" track.  Fun class with some decent tools, put him in heavy twink 
gear too I think so for the lower levels I'll be the old dream of 
"fighter with some druid tricks" instead of the eventual reality of 
"oragami model of a fighter with a druid mask and a machinegun"

Warrior.  Did this to 30 and deleted.  I don't think this one is for me. 
  Only competitive with the best gear, the second best equipped warrior 
in a group is pretty much useless, unless the changes they were starting 
last winter really made a difference.

Shadowknight.  I don't think I've ever stuck to one to 9th level even. 
Course these days level 9 is what, an afternoon's play?   With the right 
gear should be easier to solo than my warrior, but I still forsee hours 
of sitting around LFG at the higher end of the game... since rumor has 
it they (and paladins) are back in the "we'll take one if we can't get a 
warrior" doldrums.

Paladin.  Hmm, I don't think I've ever done this class.  Which is funny, 
considering that Cleric is probably my all time favorite and "class I've 
played most".  And that my 65 cleric constantly claimed he wanted to be 
a paladin but Mom sent him to cleric school instead.  Play a plate class 
healer who actually -is- good at hitting things with weaponry and at 
soaking up damage, rather than an almost identical plate class healer 
who's generally being humored when he tanks because his buddies know 
that when things get serious he'll step back and do his real job?  Not 
entirely untempting, I must say.  Same concern as the SK above though, 
and one reason I've avoided the class in the past... I don't really like 
playing the kid who gets picked last in gym class.  Are Knights out of 
the running again?

Monk.  Did this to 15 or so, and partnered with a friend who did it into 
the 30s.  Don't think its for me either, I remember too well how they 
-used- to be, and don't think I'd enjoy them in their lessened stature 
these days.

Beastlord.  Hmm, did this to the mid 20s just after Luclin release. 
Class has greatly improved since those days.  Whats demand like for them 
these days?  Sure seemed to be a LOT of them showing up during last 
fall/winter.

Druid.  Did that to the mid 30s, solely as a taxi for a friend.  Easy to 
level, but in the end not all that much fun for me, my least favorite of 
the "priest" classes.  I think that character might still be around, 
though, another I could run up from a 30s standing start... if druids 
are back on the "it list" (hmm, were they ever on that list?  For groups 
I mean, they were once very popular as solo characters...)

Necromancer.  Hmmm.  Played one to 24 or so, and quit because it was Too 
Easy.  I also wasn't really all that into the Evil thing, even in 
roleplay light mode, in the end being on the dark side of the force 
wasn't all that much fun other than as a lark.  Course back then faction 
mattered a bit more than it does now, and travel was a pain.  But I'm 
still not sure I'd be interested.

Wizard.  My first character was a wizard.  Little Gnome, think I got him 
up to 4th level before I changed to something else.  I know an awful lot 
more about the game now though, and of course I could fit him out in 
some good gear now too... but perhaps I wouldn't bother.  Might be fun 
to do it from a stripped down standpoint.  Hmm, on the other hand, this 
is the most group dependant, yet most useless to a group class I can 
think of, at the low end of the game; no snare even till you hit the 
30s, and with so many twinks out there nowadays (even the "self twinked" 
kind that used leveraged pricing in the bazaars to get gear that no 
level 20 could have thought about owning 3 years ago) the actual damage 
output of a wizard is probably a joke... at least as a mage I could gear 
up my pet to compete with the twinkage.  I'm not sure I'm interested in 
suffering thru 30+ levels of begging for group slots before the class 
becomes functional.

Then there's Berserker.  This class still didn't exist when I last 
played, back in January.  I know almost nothing about it.  Melee type, 
sort of on the ranger/rogue/monk end of things?  Crappy armor, good 
damage output?   Whats the prognosis here?  Fun at the low end?  Useful 
at the high end?  Easy to get groups with?   In the past I've dropped 
whatever I was doing in order to try out new classes or races when 
releases come out... but here I'm not so sure I'm interested in the 
expansion, which seems to be mainly of interest to the level 65 in a big 
guild types... least logical would be to buy a level 65 expansion in 
order to start a level 1 character without a guild or dual box arranged 
to level him up to where he can look into the rest of the expansion.

Bergh Brelltender, 65 cleric, Morell Thule
Splendid One, 60 mage, Firiona Vie
Llyric, 57 bard, Morell Thule
Paax, 52 shaman, Morell Thule
Etc.



