From 6277232042717034057
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c9e9afba232f6f29
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 17 Sep 2006 09:15:06 -0500
Date: Sun, 17 Sep 2006 10:15:03 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Boom Boom
References: <h4udnTW4aKX035DYnZ2dnUVZ_sOdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <h4udnTW4aKX035DYnZ2dnUVZ_sOdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <6_SdnT1vmbj3xZDYnZ2dnUVZ_oWdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 84
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.36.144
X-Trace: sv3-t8AOczE0Oif/adHeCJY/v3vhZrQm6JPXhixiyK6PsM45YqATtH6fQkRMN1nSU5yGR/vVkJ59VIpBmb4!YgAb5lqh+wsIOXQFtOPnwvAdmD+uN7s7CMHO4DPmh8D9B2qaAkCNa/LA9/WbSK9bXcVOQYk6qBL/!faJaGlZ4nrs=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3904



Lance Berg wrote:

> Yesterday my guild went to POG for the first time.  We allied with 
> another guild to do this, and fielded only about a third the overall 
> force of 50, on the other hand, we had almost all the members over 55, 
> were better geared, and frankly had a lot more knowledge of how to kill 
> things in raid form.  Raid leader was ours, main tank and all the 
> offtanks were ours, most of the buffs were coming from our guys... I 
> think it was a decent deal for both sides, we didn't have the force 
> needed, and they didn't have the power needed.

After clearing most of the zone, and three nameds, we got to Tunare's 
tree home.  She wasn't in,  sadly, but for some reason one of the 
pullers grabbed a Thiftling something or other.  We'd killed a number of 
thiftling this or thats already in the 8+ hours we'd been there, and I 
guess this one just looked like one more.  But it wasn't, and people in 
the raid knew it... whatever this was, it had literally a million hp.

Shortly after the pull, we got an add, a second of the same mob.  A 
little bitty thing, brownie sized, female, with a jaunty feather and so 
on... I got to know her very very well.  Because we danced; yep, I broke 
off from the original target to off tank her, as I'd been doing since 
shortly after we arrived in the zone.  Five minutes later, I had her 
down to 99%.  Ten minutes later, 97%.  For some reason, a shaman pet was 
thrown in with me at some point, and gradually a couple other people 
found their way to my target instead of sticking to the original.

After quite a while, the original target died, and the rest of the raid 
came over to help me out.  Mob was down to around 89% by now.  Things 
took a turn for the worse as far as I was concerned, now, as the first 
mob I really MT'd for any length of time on this raid, something I 
hadn't been aware of before became patently obvious.

We had a Mad number of pets on the raid.  Ten skellies, five dogs, three 
elementals, two hammers... only thing missing were chanter pets (and 
wizard sword pets but they don't seem to be in the game on this server 
yet)  Push went from mildly annoying, with a couple pets, to extreme. 
As some necro pets, and the water elementals, are rogue, I figured it 
was important to keep them behind the mob, but at the same time I didn't 
want to back all the way across the zone.

I cooperated with the push for a while, then turned and reversed 
direction, pulling the train back down into the little valley we were in 
and up the other side, back and forth.

I tried getting the mob positioned such that the pets were on its side 
pushing counterclockwise around me while I just spun in place; when that 
worked it was less grueling

Constantly though my efforts were thwarted because not only was the push 
unpredicable, but the mob itself would summon me rather than cooperate 
about half the time.

I had 45 minutes worth of practice on this mob, dealing with push and 
positioning.  One thing I didn't have to work on was holding aggro; the 
first half of the time I was on it, I was alone and building lots of 
aggro, by the time the raid joined me, I think the only chance of it 
slipping out of my hands would have been if I'd FD'd.

The nominal Main Tank, having just dealt with his own version of this 
mob for 25 minutes, simply sat down and watched, and I can't say I blame 
him, a warrior's DPS wasn't going to make any difference (any more than 
my own was on his mob) and he'd just done his stint with the mob's 
sister... besides he'd been dealing with this joy on every other target 
we'd faced thus far, while I'd merely offtanked mobs all by myself, and 
let him steal aggro when he arrived with the raid force.

When finally my thiftling dance partner died, it happened she dropped SK 
Arms.  A bidding war began, and I'm sorry to say I let emotion cloud my 
mind; I overbid on the damn thing till I got it.  Bone tired, I felt I 
deserved that drop more than anyone else and by Bertox I wasn't going to 
let one of those sit on your butt and wait for an add to offtank losers 
steal it from me!  (never mind that if I hadn't been tanking, I too 
would have sent my  pet and gone on chair patrol myself)

There were two more of that particular variety of thiftling in the tree. 
    We left well enough alone, clearing the zone wasn't exactly an 
obsession, and another hours worth of tanking for two mobs which seemed 
to have no better chance of a drop than any other wasn't really in the 
cards.

Berg, 60 SK, Combine


