From -5411886999269522318
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3e0d68a21f53115e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newshub.sdsu.edu!news-hog.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!tethys.csu.net!nntp.csufresno.edu!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Ping Bob Perez, Tabula Rasa
Date: Thu, 24 Jun 2004 14:52:59 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10dmj6iife05b81@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <10dlk1b902s44d0@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 98
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7767


"Crash86" <crash86@shotmail.com> wrote in message
news:10dlk1b902s44d0@corp.supernews.com...

> I was leafing through the latest copy of CGW to hit my mailbox when I saw
> the preview of Lord British's newest entry in the MMO wars, Tabula Rasa.
It
> looked intriguing, but looks can be deceiving ... particularly in a gaming
> rag.
>
> Have you seen or heard anything on it?

I've been following TR but it's sufficiently out there (probably next year)
that I haven't paid close attention lately. The pedigree is impressive, with
both Garriot and Starr Long and sponsorship from NCSoft (publishers of City
of Heroes and the upcoming Guild Wars). But ever since Star Wars Galaxies
it's become apparent that even the best pedigree won't save a bad game, and
that won't be something we can even start to evaluate until betas begin
later this year or next. So until then, not much useful commentary, just the
usual sorts of speculation about the prospects, goals and ambitions.

I'm somewhat interested in TR, but the things that I like about it are also
the things that make me wary: the game is very ambitious and sets out some
goals for itself that will be difficult to achieve without diluting some of
what makes these games fun. I think it'll be interesting to compare it to
Vanguard as they both develop on parallel tracks from contemporaneous MMOG
designers with significant track records that reflect vastly different
design philosophies. I expect McQuaid's game to have a lot more of what made
EverQuest compelling to its initial players: significant challenges (a la
Kunark/Velious), punishing consequences and corpse retrieval, item
acquisition, raiding, large worlds encouraging extensive traveling, heavy
crafting focus and an emphasis on character interdependency.

Tabula Rasa, on the other hand, claims to look at the collective history of
MMOGs and address as many of the un-fun components as possible while
capturing the best elements of all of them. If this description scares you,
then you'll understand my skepticism. They claim they're going to eliminate
the pain of death consequences, but if there's no consequence for death then
there's no reason to fear it and I think that can have a devastating impact
on gameplay. I've no idea how they're going to resolve that one.

They separate the world into two spaces, a persistent shared spaces for
community interaction and private instanced combat zones. The community
spaces include the usual kinds of shops and things but the most interesting
thing is your own personal real estate. You start the game with your own
place and you can customize it and invite others. I always thought this was
a fun idea and I guess Raph Koster does, too, because it was a key component
in both UO and SWG. It was brought I think to its highest point (don't
laugh) in The Sims Online but no one else has achieved what TSO did with
personal real estate. I hope TR fully exploits this cool feature, they seem
to be placing a lot of emphasis on it.

I like the somewhat spiritual side of the game (classic Garriott) and how it
translates to game mechanics like weapons that bond with you over time to
enhance damage output. I like the instant action bias (think City of Heroes)
but how they implement this is to let you start playing immediately without
having to make many character choices and later, after you've leveled up a
bit, you can start to define your character's attributes, abilities, and
appearance. While this sounds nice and flexible, this kind of world where
everyone looks and acts the same in the early levels reminds me of killing
rats for ten levels with other EverQuest players who all look exactly the
same. Big yawn. One of the coolest things about City of Heroes is that even
in a world with thousands of players, you are not likely to ever see two
players who look alike. The diversity is just excellent, and people actually
talk positively about spending an hour or two just in the character creation
system.

TR puts a big emphasis on the ability to create character templates and
branch characters off in different directions, then bring them back to
previous "save points" to try something different. They claim that when you
want to try something different, you don't have to throw out your existing
investment and start over. Star Wars Galaxies also tried to give players the
unlimited ability to change professions and attributes at any time (this
reached a nauseating and ludicrous "high point" with the Jedi System, which
at one point required a player to become a Master of all 32 game
Professions). The result, in my opinion, was that you wound up with no
investment in any character, and no identity. I was constantly having to ask
my friends what they were today, and there was virtually no ability to
depend on your circle of friends to provide the usual sort of character
interdependence that you see in a game like EverQuest. There's a good and a
bad to that, but mostly it was a bad in SWG. So I'm not optimistic that it's
going to work well in TR, either.

Overall, I'm skeptical but mildly interested. The thing I like most about
it, it's ambitous scope, is exactly what I fear is going to be its biggest
problem unless they are able to come up with some really creative designs.
We'll see.

-- 
Bob Perez

"Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they
quit playing."
- Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes






