From 4723539907069307135
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ac75023b89ae2a5c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 11 Dec 2004 14:44:56 -0600
Date: Sat, 11 Dec 2004 15:44:50 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Inherited an account and need advice on toons please
References: <JuednS-REoB4ICfcRVn-oA@comcast.com>
In-Reply-To: <JuednS-REoB4ICfcRVn-oA@comcast.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <kd-dnd68JsXVwSbcRVn-sg@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 173
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.249.170
X-Trace: sv3-Uu8KGSh4xLQD0whbomjgpatbQ3melq0bn70HhuuGpIoR3CbxW8geYLgExp9C+8A2FRunavzKMSob0cE!jwnlO0EhHtCp4mLVc15pIJTOX2xlwQOsHvZKtTeDDfqG2A8Nx12XCLHkuep+FGaHa6eaipwkZIWj
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.20
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26476



Michael wrote:
> Hi, I was given an account by someone moving to EQ2 and I could use some 
> advice. I've been playing for a year and have a 65 cleric and few low 
> level alts. This new account has toons I wanted to play as alts, which 
> is very cool but they are mostly high level. They include:
> 
> 67 Enchanter, 50 AAs incl. Dire Charm, gear for level is nothing to 
> write home about but INT and CHA are high, so that's good.
> 
At 67, Int and Cha should be trivial to raise with even half decent 
gear.  Dire Charm isn't all that, either, these days, as the best mob 
you can get with it is level 46; even in zones with decent mobs that 
level, you're almost certainly better off using an animation if you 
don't have the skill and attention span to use "real" charm.

This will be, IMO, the hardest character to just walk in on and play; a 
very wide skill set, a relatively different role, and a great deal of 
reliance on finely honed instincts is necessary to make a good 
enchanter.  What do you mez, what do you stun, what do you charm, what 
is best left alone or rooted?  Slowing, crippling, using pets... there's 
a lot going on.

> 65 Druid, no AAs, gear for level ok but not great except he does have 
> his epic 1.0. Unfortunately, his 1hs skill is only in the 30s.
> 
Epic 1.0 isn't all that hot for a druid, its essentially just another 
DOT.   Nobody cares at all about his 1hs skill, he's not a melee 
character, like a cleric.  OK, clerics aren't really melee either, but 
about 50 times better at it than druids.  Complete lack of AA's suggests 
  he was PLed into position, there's certainly a great deal of room for 
improvement.  Still, you've played a cleric, and I don't think you'd 
have a really difficult time picking up the other druidic skills, 
particularly for grouping purposes.  The fine points of root/rotting or 
quad kiting might take some getting used to (although a cleric can root 
rot undead, not very well, and there's little reason to expect that 
you've gotten good at it)

> 39 Beastlord, naked. No gear whatsoever. 1hb and 2hb skills are zero. 
> H2h and other skills are ok for level.
> 
A 39 character would take a couple weeks to get on your own, and you'd 
know a lot more about the character than you would taking over one 
already at this stage.

> 55 Warrior with really nice gear for level and good skills.
> 
Warriors -require- really nice gear.  Really really really nice gear. 
If you aren't the best geared warrior in your unit (be it duo, 6 man 
group, 50 man raid) then you are just a relatively poor DPS engine, much 
of the time.  Generally, this means that a good warrior is a twinked 
warrior.  That said, it shouldn't be too hard to learn to play a warrior 
well enough to get by on.

> I've been considering two options basically. Strip these toons of their 
> gear and sell it to outfit my own toons or learn to play these guys by 
> soloing them until I know them well enough to function in a group. Since 
> I have played a cleric from 1 to 65 I do know something of the other 
> classes in the game of course, but that hardly makes me an expert on 
> actually playing those classes. If I do try to learn them, I wouldn't 
> expose a group to them until I felt I could carry my own weight in the 
> group.
> 
> Does soloing these guys (I was thinking Natimbi would be perfect for 
> this) seem like a viable way to learn to play the class do you think? I 
> mean, I know it isn't exactly the same as playing the class's group role 
> but I would get to know how to use their spells, what they have 
> available to them, setup Hotbuttons accordingly, etc.
> 
Soloing the warrior won't teach you much, soloing the beastlord, only a 
bit more.  Soloing the druid won't teach you much about grouping him, as 
the skills involved are radically different.  Soloing the enchanter 
won't really be all that much help either, successfully doing so won't 
involve the skills you need to group with.

> The one I am most concerned about is the Enchanter. But I think I could 
> practice crowd control by deliberately aggroing numbers of mobs soloing 
> and then managing them. I think soloing would be possible with the DC 
> pet too but of course I have yet to try it. I could keep my cleric on 
> standby for heals by two-boxing. I only have one PC tho, so I don't know 
> if switching between them will be fast enough but I could try it.
> 
This version of "soloing" would be more helpful in developing some of 
the skills you'll need; messing with the heads of a bunch of no threat 
greenies and getting a feel for how to target, what the durations are, 
what the ranges (and AE ranges) are and so forth.  Eventually you'll 
have to bite the bullet and start grouping, though, because this won't 
be helping much at all with the "what should I do" part of the equation.

> The Druid I think would be fun and easy to get a handle on soloing in 
> Natimbi. I have a low level druid and obviously this one heck of a step 
> up but I think I could get used to him by soloing him. I am dissapointed 
> by his terrible 1hs skill though. I'm not sure if I could manage to 
> survive in melee of light blue mobs long enough to get it up to where it 
> should be. Then again, maybe two-boxing my cleric would be the answer 
> here too.
> 
I can't imagine how you got to 65 with a cleric while not noticing that 
a druid doesn't realy on his 1hs skill, or any other melee skill.  I 
also can't imagine how you could have a "low level druid" and not have 
figured this out, unless by "low level" you mean under 15.  If it wasn't 
  for that fixation of yours, I'd say you'd have an excellent chance of 
developing into a good druid, with low level druid experience and high 
level cleric experience both under your belt, and a relatively simple 
class to play.

> The warrior I would have to two-box with cleric or get a cleric friend 
> to help me out as I got used to him. Once I had a handle on him, I think 
> maybe starting off with LDoNs would be a good way to break in and go 
> from there.
Warriors can even solo, although there's little point in it if what you 
are after is grouping skill.  Duoing will help, and then your idea of 
starting with LDoNs and working up is a good one.  Using your higher 
level characters to help upgrade his "really good for his level" gear 
would also help, what you want him to have is "really good for a level 
70" gear.  And lots of AA.  Oh, and another 15 levels.
> 
> Lastly, the Beastlord I can twink up a bit for gear. He's too low for 
> Natimbi so I'd have to figure out someplace else to solo him. Again, 
> with him an issue is his zero 1hb and 2hb skills. I wonder how hard it 
> would be to get them up to par at level 39. Once again, I could probably 
> back him up with my cleric or perhaps get a friend to help on heals if 
> two-boxing doesn't work well on my system.
> 
The beastlord is little more than a toy, nobody will be all that upset 
or amazed if you don't know how to run him well at 39, these days you'll 
find most people don't even know how to run their characters well at 50.

> I'm really tempted to give this a try with these guys. Yes, I know there 
> is no substitute for experience over time playing a class to be good at 
> it. On the other hand, this is a game, not rocket science. It is not 
> that complicated to go on Alla and do some homework on spells, etc. or 
> to go to class specific sites and get tips, info, etc.
> 
Here's the thing, if you aren't going to run this account dual box with 
your current one, then you're looking at paying twice as much per month 
in order to have the other characters.  Unless you want to abandon the 
cleric account, that is.

For dual boxing purposes, you have a pretty good setup, cleric/druid 
works decently (with the druid running a charmed pet and cleric 
supplying healing and crowd control), cleric/enchanter works even better 
on the same plan, with slow added to the mix, Cleric/Warrior is a good 
core and a decent duo on its own.  You can also PL the accounts up with 
combinations like those, as its pretty easy to control who gets the exp 
on each kill if you don't group the pairs.

> What do you guys think? If somebody gave you an account like this would 
> you just strip the gear or go for it and try to play the toons? Being 
> into the druid in particular it would really kill me to let one with an 
> epic go. But that's just me. I am curious what you guys think.

Here's a plan you might not have thought of; strip the characters down 
and use the gear to twink out characters of those classes on your real 
account.  Play those characters for a while, and once you are up into 
your mid 30s, decide if you really enjoy the classes.  If you like the 
classes, -then- make the decision whether to stick with your new 
versions, or whether to make the jump up to the high level alts from the 
other account.  At least this way you'll have the basics of the classes 
under your belt, learned in an environment where learning is encouraged, 
rather than eliciting shock and dismay; a level 20 thats' asking mezzing 
questions is cute, a level 67 asking the same questions is a horror.

With the druid, I'd be tempted to say skip that, but with the enchanter, 
I really think its a good idea to play up to 30 at least, better, up to 
40 or 50.  Even if you play to 50, switching back to the 67 will save 
you over half the play time required to get up to that level, as you 
know from your cleric, leveling slows radically over 50... but you may 
not realize how much faster leveling up to 50 is these days from "way 
back when"

Lance


