From -1242686349700204156
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cb879b8bfa3806e9
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!pln-e!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!news2
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: GoD Gets nerfed
Date: Thu, 6 May 2004 13:52:57 -0500
Organization: http://newsguy.com
Lines: 65
Message-ID: <c7e1i30gj7@news2.newsguy.com>
References: <2fuoi7F2hnogU1@uni-berlin.de>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-860.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:1138

"-martin" wrote:
>
> * Experience has been increased in several zones.

Maybe I'll actually get some AAXP during raids. =)

> * Natimbi, Qinimi, Barindu, Riwwi, and Ferubi should
> be tuned more appropriately for their intended level ranges.

God, I should hope so.  I took Marrtuk down to Riwwi in the hopes of using
him to farm drops for the Breakdown in Communications quest.  Monual pulled
a mob that was blue to Marrtuk.  This mob proceeded to slap Marrtuk silly.
Before I could blink Marrtuk lost half his hitpoints.  I had to root the
mob, back Marrtuk off, and use a gate potion before Monual himself gated
away.

This might have just been barely possible with a slower, but still... mobs
blue to a 55 pally with that kind of DPS?  That's way out of balance, and
I'm glad they fixed that.

> * Spell drops have been increased.

About freakin' time.  Players have been crying quite loudly for this.  I had
just about reconciled myself to the fact that possession of the spells is
like having your epic - it means you put a lot of time and effort into
getting the spell.  Not everyone will get one.  I was relative okay with
that because Holy Light really isn't *that* much better than Supernal light.

Now, however, I'm breathing a sigh of relief.  =)  I sure would like this
spell, and I look forward to seeing if getting spells will be easier now.

> * Zone travel has been made easier.

Another "about freakin' time" kinda thing.  It just takes too long to get
anywhere, especially when you can almost guarantee that someone will die and
have to be dragged to a safe spot and rezzed.  Everytime I get invited to an
Ikki trial I mentally gird myself for an hour-long prep.  It'll take at
least that long to get everyone in the trial, buffed, and ready to go.
Contrast that to a hard LDoN where you can be ready to go in five-ten
minutes.

The difficulty and danger in getting anywhere is part of what made GoD so
unfun.  Many have argued that this danger is a welcome challenge, but I just
don't buy it.  Sure danger is fun once in a while, but the day-in, day-out
struggles just to *get* to a trial or raid can be wearying.  I think this as
much as anything has contribued to the unpopularity of GoD.

> * Animals in various zones across Gates have been made non-agro.

Woot!  It was *so* annoying to have to run naked through Natimbi and get
chased by giant turtles who move as fast as Run3.

-- 
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Archon of Rodcet Nife
Silent Tempest

Marrtuk
Knight of Mithaniel Marr

Drinal server




