From -2497395417472585781
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9eca0c7b70f345b5
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-05-14 07:46:01 PST
Path: archiver1.sj.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.news.rcn.net!feed1.news.rcn.net!rcn!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Beach" <bobbeach@technolust.cx>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: My 10 rules of EQ - my 2 cp worth...
Date: Mon, 14 May 2001 10:45:45 -0400
Lines: 77
Message-ID: <9dor33$2f7$1@bob.news.rcn.net>
References: <b5jL6.48$MN5.117810@news.pacbell.net> <9dlchr$m2v$1@slb3.atl.mindspring.net> <3afe728e.2122288@news.visi.com> <tftieomjdj97c7@corp.supernews.com> <3aff2f71.433180@news.visi.com>
X-Trace: UmFuZG9tSVYm7rdfjykYJwbE5zK4UGMgEkmylgmdgX1aLAk1emxFgSgYwMISziPc
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rcn.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 14 May 2001 14:45:55 GMT
X-MimeOLE:  Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
X-Priority:  3
X-Newsreader:  Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MSMail-Priority:  Normal
Xref: archiver1.sj.google.com alt.games.everquest:73821

I know how I felt when I first started this game; I was totally lost! With
such a high learning curve it was imperative that I got help from ppl close
by. I had such a hard time just learning the chat commands and how to
execute them properly. That's why I really enjoy helping brand new PCs. I
get a great deal of satisfaction teaching them about hot keys, game commands
and etiquette. It makes Norrath SOOO much nicer to explore when everyone
plays together. If you're going to be excelling your PCs to his/her full
potential grouping is not an option, it's a necessity. I don't know how many
times I've had to walk away from PCs who either did not have a clue to what
was going on or were just bad players even after the encouraging coaching of
others. Examples of this are power looting, not paying attention to what's
going on, KS'ing (big no-no), or those clerics who have to REPEATEDLY be
told to heal. (That's my biggest gripe right there.. You're a cleric. You
heal; period, the end. That's your function. Don't attack, don't be all big
and bad.. just heal.). I've seen too many cleric wanna-be tanks and they
usually end up dying at my feet.

As for role playing, that's up to you. You don't have to be saying "thine"
or add a "th" to the end of every other word but in my opinion you should
play as if you were that PC. Personally, I hate I hate I HATE Goblins and
let it show when I'm playing. I'll even go out of my way to stomp one into
the ground if it comes into my view (that is if it won't put any of my group
in jeopardy by leaving them for a minute or so). Get into character and
you'll probably have a great time playing. (I don't recommend this to those
who have identity issues or are mentally unbalanced. I would hate to see
someone out there do a Tom Hanks in NYC and get themselves killed cuz they
thought they were a wizard in RL). Others will appreciate it. I can't speak
for everyone but myself but I'm sure that there's others out there who do.

Also pay attention to what's going on around you that may not directly be
aimed at you or your group. Watch the chat box for ppl buying seemingly
trivial items like bone chips, bat wings, and spider silks. They may be of
no use to you if you can not directly use these items but to a necro far out
of his area, a stack of bone chips could make his/her day much better. And
be generous! Ppl remember who've gone out of their way to help them. One day
I was just about to get onto the boat to Freeport when a desperate shout
came looking to buy bone chips. I ran all the way back to Kaladim to sell my
collection and the guy was so grateful he gave me an extra 10 plat for the
effort. That really helped my low lvl PC and made collecting all those bone
chips worth it. You get a good reputation going out of your way for others,
trust me, and it just might make you feel good in the process.

I can go on and on about my style of playing but don't want to bore anyone.
Hope I haven't already! Comments are always welcome. If you see me send me a
tell!

Hanaar of Kaladim                Lanala of Felwithe
17th seasoned warrior           7th seasoned cleric
E'ci                                        Cazic-Thule

BTW, are there other terms for what lvl someone is other than what's above?
I am drawing a blank. When someone says "wut lvl r u?" I would like
something better to say than just a number. I've been telling those who ask
that I make a notch in my bp for each lvl ("I have 17 notches scratched in
my breastplate) but that goes over some ppl's head. Just wondering...

Ok.. last thing! For those of you who have never tried going to complete
opposite of playing characters (warrior -> cleric) such as I have, give it a
try! I want sooo bad to get in the melee w/ the cleric but must remember my
primary function, so I sit back, heal, buff when I can, and soak in the
exp.. Give it a shot.. it is quite a different perspective.

"Jason T" <jasonft@visi.com> wrote in message
news:3aff2f71.433180@news.visi.com...
>
> >Always help a newbie who isn't asking for help.  Be it advise or that
nice
> >fine steel weapon you were just going to sell to a vendor.
>
> If they are just asking for advice, and have a legit question, then I
> stop to answer it. If it requires in depth detail I try to point then
> to one of my favorite websites such as EQNecro or Castersrealm. That
> way they can sit there for hours pondering the wealth of new
> information available to them.
>




