From 6559853540375121906
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2ef1ffedeb943986
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-08 00:07:23 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.earthlink.net!newsfeed2.earthlink.net!newsfeed.earthlink.net!news.mindspring.net!not-for-mail
From: "John Hua" <patter0@ix.netcom(spamblock).com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: TOTALLY FRUSTRATED!!!!
Date: Sun, 8 Jul 2001 00:02:43 -0700
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Lines: 99
Message-ID: <9i90r3$dpg$1@nntp9.atl.mindspring.net>
References: <9TS17.214$6O3.34065@newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: a5.f7.db.e3
X-Server-Date: 8 Jul 2001 07:07:15 GMT
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:92651


"Knightsend" <Knightsend@earthlink.mail.net> wrote in message
news:9TS17.214$6O3.34065@newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net...
> I just bought this game a week ago, and I'm getting VERY dicouraged. I
play
> a lot of online games, and I know when you start late there is going to be
a
> learning curve. But I am fed up with people snubing me because I'm new,
and
> have nothing to offer them, or because I don't understand the acronyms
yet.
> (BTW, what the HELL is SoW?) I understand you need to make a profit for
your
> time, but c'mon!

SOW is spirit of the wolf.  It increases your running speed.  Most people
are addicted to it.

>
> Two days ago, I accidentally wandered into a badit camp, and was killed
> instantly.

As a lowbie, you need to learn to use your right click button.  Just target
the mouse pointer on a character and right-click.  That cons(ider) an NPC
(non-Player-Character).  The messages will usually tell you if the guy will
eat you for lunch or not.

What the hell were you doing walking into bandit camps anyway?  Its a game,
but come on guy!  If you see a bunch of bikers in real life hanging around a
street corner are you going to waltz up to them and diss their colors?  (Yes
I know I'm stereotyping -- I was just using bikers as an example.)

My advice?  Stay in the area where you con things that are black or yellow
to you.  If everything you con is red, you're in over your head.

>I ran into 3 different warriors that were more than a match for
> the bandits, and flat refused to help me get what little I had without a
> bounty.

As a newbie, how do you know they were a match for the bandits?  At level
four everyone of them would be red to you, how do you tell the diff?

On another note, most people play this game for fun, they could do less with
a whiny little punk pestering them while they're trying to have some.  Why
do you feel that you're entitled to their help?  If they refused, they
refuse, what's the deal?  And you didn't mention how you requested help from
them either.  I'm inclined to believe that you whined, because this post is
kinda whiny.

>WHAT A JOKE! I had, maybe, 4 GP to my name, no arrmor, a sword
> someone left behind, some food, and some stuff I needed to sell.

If you had stuff to sell, then you have more than 4gps.  Its not the amount
of money offered that makes a difference, its the sincerity.  Most people
who are able to help will assist you if you ask nicely, but only if you
treat them with respect.  You have to remember, there's another person
behind that character, not a computer program.  I remember when I started, I
got all the help I needed with and in return I helped anyone who asked it of
me.

>It's not much to most of you, but I worked damn hard for that crap.

So, its worth a lot to you.  How does this entitle you to special treatment?

>So it saddens me to say, I deleted the character.

Well, a level 4 character isn't that big of  a lost.  If you can't stand
some adversity, the EQ isn't for you.  Its a game that pits you against
other people, and sooner or later someone will screw you, I certainly hope
that you're not going to delete a level 35 char later on because some ninja
looted something you were camping for.

If you want to restart, I can show you how to get up to level 4 in about 1
hour.  Then you can take things from there.

>He was only a level 4 Rouge, but man, what a waist of time.

Alright, that's it!  the frickin' word is _*Rogue*_!  Goddammit!  What the
hell?  Why do you idiots keep using rouge?  God-damn!  (*ahem*  sorry...)
Dammit! Since I decided to channel the Spelling Demon, the word is "waste"
not "waist."

>If this game continues to play like this, I'm out!

Nope the game doesn't play like that, you did.  Like I said, if you want to
get back into the game, most of us can show you the ropes, but I'll bet you
if you just asked politely in game, most other characters will be more than
willing to help.
>
> {Stepping off my soap my soapbox....going to my anger management meating.}

Jeez, if you got that pissed off at one session of EQ, then it might be wise
if you do quit.  This game will aggravate the hell out you later on.  I
certainly wouldn't want you to be one of those guys who threatens to take
out Verant employees or something.

John




