From -3557753960070205236
X-Google-Thread: fb739,61871996213dbf0a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!o13g2000cwo.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Caster's Realm: The Uncharted Lands of Everquest
Date: 11 Feb 2005 08:18:54 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 124
Message-ID: <1108138734.503362.217020@o13g2000cwo.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.80.55.73
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1108138740 15052 127.0.0.1 (11 Feb 2005 16:19:00 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 11 Feb 2005 16:19:00 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: o13g2000cwo.googlegroups.com; posting-host=192.80.55.73;
   posting-account=WDcinhMAAADcvkKBmXXfehYblo0NN7Cr_KfkHiVTV22R7IgxdvF6Yg
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:32179

Everquest is big.  Of all of the existing MMOGs, Everquest may have the
largest amount of territory.  In the last five years, the amount of
land we have to explore nearly doubled.  Much of this land grows vacant
and unexplored.  Once popular hunting grounds such as the Dreadlands
and Lower Guk now may go days without seeing the tracks of a single
adventurer.

Many people comment that the lack of attendance shows a problem.  When
their once favorite and popular hunting zones go unexplored, it reveals
to them some form of decay or collapse. First, however, we must ask
ourselves a question:

Are unpopulated zones a problem?

I would argue no.  Unpopulated zones take nothing away from existing
players.  While many new players may never see these unused lands,
these unexplored lands give space to a once crowded world.

Today's Everquest is much different from the Everquest of five years
ago.  Not only do we have hundreds of newer zones, many of which
offering better hunting, easier access, and greater rewards than the
lands of our youth, but new technologies such as Lost Dungeon
adventures, Gates and Omens expeditions, and the Plane of Knowledge
stones give us nearly unlimited hunting zones.  Soon, with the guild
halls of Dragons, one might travel from their home territory all the
way down into a deep dungeon and back and never see another outside
soul.

The amount of hunting grounds we have are nearly unlimited.  There is
no lack of experience and reward giving monsters for us to face and
battle.  While popular hot spots may end up crowded from their promise
of high rewards, a capitalizing group can always find a useful place to
hunt.

What of the older lands?  What of the zones, once bustling with
activity, that now lie empty?  Some argue that newer players lack the
strength of the older players who hunted in nearly every old zone.
They might be right, but we must accept that the sheer amount of zones
makes it impossible to hunt in every single one of them.  Others argue
that these zones steal resources from SOE's servers.  From my very
limited understanding of SOE's server infrastructure, the amount of
processor use and bandwidth scales to the number of players in a zone,
not the zone itself.  Empty zones use very little resources compared to
heavily used zones.

Some players grow frustrated with the sloth-like hunters who choose
never to explore outside of a very few places.  A new player may get
from level 1 to 65 and see fewer than a dozen zones out of the possible
hundreds.

What some players don't realize is that all of that landmass, all of
those zones and beasts, are what they really paid for.  Leveling up
alone won't show people the wonders of those lands.  They won't know
what it was like to defeat Broon.  They won't have spent time crawling
up the Aviak village.  They won't remember how satisfying it is to slay
Dvinn or Dragoon Zytl.  They won't make the scary midnight run through
Kithicor woods.  That is the true growth in Everquest.  Exploration and
hunting in all of those lands is far more rewarding for many people
than finding a safe spot to fight the same beast until one wakes up and
is level 65.

What can one do?  While some prefer safe and consistent hunting in
well-understood zones, others seek adventure and excitement beyond the
typical experience camp.  Build your own group from those who seek to
explore rather than simply progress through levels.  Find out what you
can about these unexplored areas and find people who share your
wanderlust.  Many people, once they try it, enjoy hunting and crawling
rather than sitting and camping.

There are a few tricks to having this much content, however, and SOE
needs to capitalize on this vast amount of landmass in order to play to
its one great strength over other current massive online games.

One problem is that some content offers little reward for its greater
risk.  Consider the dungeon of Dalnirs off of Warslick Woods.  Even
with the nearby Cabilis and Overthere knowledge stones, the dungeon is
quite out of the way and offers much risk for its limited reward.  I
can only speculate at the number of people who explore the depths of
Dalnirs this day, but I imagine it was low.

What can SOE provide to make this a more rewarding place to hunt for
the risk?  One solution is to make it a hotzone.  Hotzones
significantly increase the amount of experience one gains from hunting
in these selected zones.  Hotzones help consolidate players to a
smaller set of zones so it is easier to find members with which to
hunt.  Hotzones also bring players to previously underexplored zones.

But hotzones are a quick fix for a deeper problem.  Other solutions yet
implemented could include a dungeon taskmaster.  This taskmaster could
give an entire group a quest to solve within each dungeon of Norrath.
This ties together the adventure-system of LDON with the older world
dungeons that remain mostly unpopulated.  The extra experience and
possible item rewards help reward players for hunting and exploring
rather than camping and experience grinding.

Another solution takes a less radical approach.  Updating and adding
quests and rewards to each of these dungeons or unexplored zones offer
new alternatives to the experience grind and bazaar shopping spree.
Equipment from older times often pales when compared to current-day
bazaar items.  Only by continually updating the items acquired in
quests and dropped within older dungeons can these older dungeons
return to their former glory.

While many consider underused zones to be a major problem and a large
sign of the decline of Everquest, underused zones instead show a
solution to the problems of the past.  No longer do players run out of
content.  No longer do packs of players strip-mine the Dreadlands or
Lower Guk, stealing kills from one another and begging for scraps of
experience from an overpopulated zone.  Today, players have a nearly
unlimited amount of places to hunt and beasts to slay.

Rather than seeing it as a problem, SOE should look towards older zones
as an opportunity to offer exciting new adventures in the form of
quests or tasks in previously underused zones.  The goal should be to
offer quests, adventures, and tasks so exciting that players care more
about the adventure than they do about the numbers.  While it is a
lofty goal indeed, a few smaller steps can take us towards it.

Discuss this article here.

Loral Ciriclight
28 January 2005
loral@loralciriclight.com



