From -2135884883304817921
X-Google-Thread: fb739,263f5879e3e4b0a1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "NeoOne" <Dariusjkelly@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: 21st Century E-Commerce Money Making Formula
Date: 6 Jan 2005 14:36:41 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 304
Message-ID: <1105051001.519718.275930@z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 69.113.127.108
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1105051006 16397 127.0.0.1 (6 Jan 2005 22:36:46 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 6 Jan 2005 22:36:46 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com; posting-host=69.113.127.108;
   posting-account=8JcLqg0AAAADg5k71eG5bTOTVuG_qypS
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:28886

Neo Tech Party Administration

Posted By: 21st Cent Neo-Tycoon
Date: January 2, 2004, at 7:00pm
21st Century E-Commerce Money Making Formula

This works better than letters & it's all electronic!

Posted By: E'Sean Date: Wednesday, 21 July 2004  eMoney Making Formula

"This is so awesome. Try it. The more people that do it the better."

"I turned $3 into $14,706 within the first 30 days of operating the
business plan that I am about to reveal to you free of charge."

If you decide to take action on the following instructions, I will
personally GUARANTEE that you will enjoy a similar return!"

Please do not be skeptical about this program.

At least think about it for a few days.

Otherwise you will be throwing away over $10,000 in cash!

Dear Friend, My name is Mark Sutton. I was laid off from my job in
August of 2001 At that time I wasliving beyond my means and in serious
debt. Several debt collectors were hounding me on an almost daily
basis, and this consequently started a chain reaction that ended with
the repossession of my car and then my home. As you can probably
imagine, my prospects looked pretty bleak. Then, in March of 2002, I
received a short and simple email telling me how to make over $10,000
at a time.

I ignored it because of course, I was skeptical.

However, I didn't delete that email because something about it rang
true to me, and I was desperate to know whether it was possible to make
that amount of money in such a short space of time. By this time, I was
even deeper in debt, and I had just about reached the point of despair.
I finally realized that I had absolutely nothing to lose by having a go
at the plan offered to me in that email.

And apart from that, I just couldn't stop myself from thinking "What if
it actually works?" Therefore, I put my doubts to one side and I went
ahead and followed the simple instructions given in that email. It took
me less than 30 minutes

to complete and it cost me no more than $3. And yet, by the end of
2002, I was able to book the family holiday of a lifetime in Miami, and
I bought a brand new Audi A8 with hard cash. And in the autumn of 2003,
I purchased a tidy semi-detached home for no less than $125,000. And
yet,

I don't owe a single penny to anyone!

To date, I have made exactly $392,718. My accountant has drawn up a
cash-flow forecast in which he predicts that, within the next 24
months, I will become a millionaire just through this one business
alone. Even now as I write this, I find it strange to come to terms
with the fact that, like most people, I've worked hard and struggled
all my life just to 'get by' and then something ridiculously simple
drops into my lap and immediately turns my life around completely.

When I think back to all the similar emails I had previously deleted,
it makes me shudder, because now I know just how close I came to
missing out completely.

What did it say in that email?

What were those simple instructions that enabled me to amass so much
money in so little time?

Well, if you'll read on, all will be revealed!

The business plan I am about to share with you works perfectly every
single time. I've never made less than $10,000 from it on each
occasion. Let me assure you that this is a LEGITIMATE BUSINESS
OPPORTUNITY, a perfectly legal moneymaking enterprise. It does not
require you to sell anything. It does not require you to speak to your
friends, family or anybody else (unless you want to). In fact, you do
not need to come into contact with any people whatsoever. Anyone with a
pulse can become successful and make their fortune with this system. If
you believe that 'every dog has his day', then follow the simple
step-by-step plan exactly as it is set out below. If you do this and
this alone, I GUARANTEE that within the next 30 days you will receive
over $10,000 in cash via your PayPal account. I know that this must
sound like an outrageous claim, particularly if you've never had
possession of this sort of money before, but believe me, this business
works like nothing else you may have seen before in your life!

By following the simple 3-step plan set out below, within a few short
weeks your life will be transformed beyond all recognition! Please do
not allow your initial skepticism to deprive you of certain financial
success. If you decide not to take advantage of this life-changing
opportunity, I would like you to know that I sincerely respect your
decision and I understand that you will have your reasons. I therefore
wish you the very best of luck for the future. I am able to say this
with absolute sincerity because, as you will see, if you decide to work
this plan, I will not receive any financial compensation from you
whatsoever. After all, I am sharing this system with you for free.
However, remember life is short. Nobody has ever said that you can't
have the financial freedom to do what you want to do, when you want to
do it.

But you must first pay the price. The price here is action; it's as
simple as that!

I'm very proud to be able to say that I've fulfilled my duty to my wife
and children by securing their financial future in a very uncertain
world, and I don't believe that any price is too great to pay for such
peace of mind. THIS IS THE CHEAPEST, FASTEST & EASIEST WAY TO MAKE
MONEY ONLINE - PERIOD!

There are a lot of companies out there offering to put you in your own
business, but I'm so certain you will make a SERIOUS INCOME with what I
am going to tell you that I'm willing to roll up my sleeves and help
you begin - RIGHT NOW!!

Remember, I am not asking you to send me a single penny for the
lucrative business project I am about to share with you. In addition,
you will not be asked to buy anything or sacrifice your free time. You
will make some fast and easy cash, using just a copy of this email and
the simplest and most popular Internet payment system in existence!

You have most likely seen or heard about this project on TV programs
such as 20/20 and Oprah Winfrey, or you may have read about it in the
Wall Street Journal. If not, here it is below - revealed to you in
step-by-step detail. This program is by no means new. It has been in
existence in many forms for at least ten years. But in the early days,
it required a lot more time and effort, as well as an outlay of a few
hundred dollars. However, thanks to PayPal and the Internet, the outlay
is now virtually ZERO! On top of that, the entire process is FASTER,
EASIER, and MORE LUCRATIVE than it has EVER been! If you're already
running a home business, you can easily do this one along with it. If
not, this is the FASTEST and EASIEST way to earn serious money online
that you've ever seen so far in the history of the Internet! This
program works no matter what country you are in, or what currency you
use. It doesn't matter how old or how young you are. And you certainly
won't need any special knowledge or talent. You won't need to run a
website, or make phone calls, or make photocopies, or send out letters
through the mail, or pay for advertising, etc.

The only things you will need are: * An email address * A Premier or
Business PayPal account with at least $3 deposited in it * 30 minutes
of your time

This program takes just half an hour to set up. After that, there is
absolutely no work whatsoever to do on your part. And yet, you will
stand to gain many thousands of dollars within the next few weeks from
those 30 minutes of easy work! Yes, I know, it sounds too good to be
true! I thought exactly the same thing myself until I actually tried it
out!

Even if you are already involved in another program, stay with it, but
do yourself a big favour and DO THIS ONE as well. You have absolutely
NOTHING to lose, but you stand to gain a LIFE-CHANGING amount of money
within the next few weeks! In fact, there is NO LIMIT to the amount of
income you can generate from this one single business program!! The
facts are simple: If you need to make a few thousand dollarss REALLY
FAST, then this program is the way to do it! It's the CHEAPEST,
FASTEST, EASIEST, and MOST LUCRATIVE program you will ever participate
in!

Please be sure to read all of this page . . . take your time, come back
to it . . . go over and over it, you won't be sorry, I can certainly
promise you that! If you don't have time to read all of this now, then
save this page, or add it to your Favorites list, so you can come back
to it later. ALL YOU NEED IS A PAYPAL ACCOUNT & AN EMAIL ADDRESS! Just
about everyone has heard about "PayPal" (if you haven't you will soon!)
and when I came across this concept I knew it would work because, as a
member of PayPal, I had already experienced their efficiency and
excellent standing. PayPal is the simplest method of making and
receiving payments online that anyone has ever seen! Anyone with an
email address can join for FREE! Once you have a PayPal account, you
can send and receive credit card payments to or from anyone - anywhere
in the world! Please read further before you go there... You can
complete this whole process within just half an hour and you will NEVER
forget the day you decided to do so!!!

NEED PROOF? Here are just 3 testimonials from the countless individuals
who decided to invest nothing more than $3 and half an hour of their
time to participate in this program:

" What an amazing plan! I followed your instructions just 3 weeks ago,
and although I haven't made 10 grand yet, I'm already up to $6,135. I'm
absolutely gob smacked." Alan Humphries , Leicester

"This is Lisa. Well, what can I say?... THANK YOU SO MUCH! I sent 40
e-mail's out like you said and then I just forgot about the whole
thing. To be honest, I didn't really think anything would come of it.
But when I checked my paypal account a week later, there was over
$3,000 in it! After 30 days I now have over $11,000 to spend! I can't
thank you enough!" Lisa McDonald, Northampton

" I was shocked when I saw how much money came flooding into my paypal
account. Within 3 weeks my account balance has ballooned to $7,449. At
first I thought there had been some sort of error with my account!"
Richard Barrie , Cirencester

Just a few months ago, each of these people were doing the same thing
as you are at this very moment - reading this! But because they decided
to follow the simple instructions given below, they are now
considerably better off as a result. And there's no reason whatsoever
why you can't share in this success. You've got nothing to lose, and
EVERYTHING to gain! Let's get started, just follow the instructions
exactly as set out below and then prepare yourself for a HUGE influx of
cash over the next 30 days!

HERE'S WHAT YOU NEED TO DO. . .

STEP 1

Ok, if you're not already a PayPal user, the very first thing you need
to do is use the PayPal link below and SIGN UP. It takes just two
minutes!
https://www.paypal.com/us/mrb/pal=ZVR6VDMJUDB5Y

Be sure to use this link so you can sign up for a free PREMIER or
BUSINESS account. You'll need to have a PREMIER or BUSINESS account
(and not a PERSONAL account) otherwise you won't be able to receive
credit card payments from other people.

STEP 2

It is an undeniable law of the universe that we must first give in
order to receive. So the first thing to do when you have your
Premier/Business PayPal account is to IMMEDIATELY send a $3 payment
from your PayPal account to the FIRST email address in the list below,
along with a note saying: " Please add me to your mailing list." Be
certain to add this note, as this is what KEEPS THIS PROGRAM LEGAL.
Instructions on how to send a payment are under "SEND MONEY" at the
Paypal Site. It's so Easy!! When you send your $3 payment to the first
address in the list, do it with a great big smile on your face because
"as you sow, so shall you reap!"
<>Here's the current list
(1) bigmicrosoft @yahoo.com  (2) disbellj @midsouth.rr.com  (3)
moty7ellek @adelphia.net  (4) spontaniuz @msn.com (5) dholla @msn.com

After you have transferred a $3 payment to the email address at the top
of the list, something very eerie happens. It gives you an
indescribable, overwhelming sense of certainty, belief and conviction
in the system. You've just proved to yourself that, because you have
done it, there must be a great number of other people ready to do
exactly the same. Thus you have now seen for yourself, first hand, that
this business actually works!

STEP 3

Once you've sent a $3 payment to the address at the top of the list
(along with a note,please add me to you mailing list! - this is VERY
important!), the next thing you need to do is to obtain a copy of this
email message, as you'll be sending it out to at least 40 people.

The copy that you will send out will contain YOUR unique PayPal
referral URL and YOUR email address at number 5 in the list - having
deleted the address at Number 1 in the list, and moving the others up a
position. The easiest way to do this is to:

(A) Go to your toolbar (at the very top of the screen) and select EDIT
and then SELECT ALL.

(B) Go to the toolbar again and select EDIT and then COPY.

(C) Start (compose) a new email message (PLAIN TEXT so everyone can
view it!).

(D) Fill in your email address and subject line.

(E) Go to EDIT and PASTE to paste this text into your new email
message. Now you can edit this email message in any way you want!

The first thing to edit are the email addresses in the list above.
Delete the top email address, and then move the others up a position,
and then add YOUR email address to the bottom of the list (the number 5
position). Be sure to use your email address that is associated with
your PayPal account. But DO NOT forget to send $3 via PayPal (along
with your note!) to the email address at position number 1 before
deleting it! Don't be tempted to add your name to position 1 in order
to earn money fast! It doesn't work like that!

If you do that, you will ONLY reach the people you directly send emails
to, and then your name will be immediately removed from the No.1 place
and you won't reach thousands of people! But, if you add your name to
the Number 5 position, there will be literally thousands of people
receiving and sending email's later - when your name is at the Number 1
spot!!!

Now you need to edit the PayPal referring URL (shown above in Step 1)
with your own PayPal referring URL. You can find YOUR referring URL at
Paypal after you join. Just look at the bottom of the first page once
you sign into Paypal, and click on the "referrals" link. You will be
given a referring URL similar to the one above, except the code number
at the end will be different. Simply delete the current PayPal referral
URL in Step 1 above, and replace it with your PayPal referral URL.

(F) Once you've edited your email message as outlined above, send out a
minimum of 40 copies  of this email. You can advertise it any way you
want to But no spam.
Best of luck and remember to play fairly and honestly and this will
really work

Yours Truly
Neo-Tycoon



