From 3161966539262479208
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,18171235e3c93565,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-12 11:43:21 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: il128@my-deja.com (il128)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Transcripts of the Brad McQuaid VS. Conquest banishment
Date: 12 Jun 2001 11:43:20 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 201
Message-ID: <c1d12700.0106121043.570eb846@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 12.34.19.249
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 992371401 21285 127.0.0.1 (12 Jun 2001 18:43:21 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-support@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 12 Jun 2001 18:43:21 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:84788

The entire transcript (long, but worth it, esp the end)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 From: Gtath [mailto:gtath@home.com]
Sent: Wednesday, June 06, 2001 5:22 PM
To: bmcquaid@station.sony.com; avancourvering@station.sony.com;
jbutler@station.sony.com; mbutler@station.sony.com
Subject: Response to your letter dated 06/06/2001

"the "z" coordinate and its nullification of NPC's ability to summon"
- We did no such thing.

It appeared to people watching the battle that the NPC wasn't
summoning the players it was most angry at. We later went into the
zone and were able to find a spot under the bridge where the NPC
wouldn't summon you but also wouldn't hit you for significant periods
of time (it would occasionally become 'unstuck' and resume summoning).

"and multiple atmospheres (e.g. water/land)" - Again, we did no such
thing.

My understanding is that the warder's breath weapon was bugged and
wouldn't affect players under the water, nor those with res effects.

"they could attack without getting hit back for the vast majority of
the time that it took to kill the monster" - Again, false. The dragon
was hitting Itzlegend for nearly the entire duration of the fight. The
short periods of time he wasn't hitting Itzlegend was taken by the
times he was killing the clerics that he had summoned to himself.

Again, this was not what was observed, but rather that the dragon was
angry at the clerics under the bridge but would not summon them, but
also wasn't hitting them. We later reproduced this in the zone
ourselves.

"for 75% or more of the time that it took to kill the encounter, the
monster got beaten on and was not able to fight back." - Again, a
blatant fabrication. If you would like us to recreate the encounter
and show you exactly what we did, we will be happy to do so.

It's also probably worth noting that what alerted GMs to the scene
were
reports that 28 or so players were defeating mobs that DOUBLE that
many had trouble defeating.

"the "human figures" in some screenshots are a result of the
screenshot
taker not patching" - Also untrue unless you're referring to a patch
that has not yet been released.

I've not seen it yet myself, and will look tomorrow, but my
understanding is that the Sleeper's model only appears after one uses
the optional Velious patch, and that the graphics for that model are
available now via patch.

-Brad

From: Gtath [mailto:gtath@home.com]
Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2001 2:28 PM
To: McQuaid, Brad
Subject: RE: Response to your letter dated 06/06/2001


Brad,

Thank you for your reply. I respectfully disagree with the statements
you
made both in public, and in your message to me. I further ask that you
allow us to prove our statements by recreating the fight for you so
that you
can see that we are being truthful.


>It appeared to people watching the battle that the NPC wasn't
summoning the
players it was most angry at. We later went into the zone and were
able to
find a spot under the bridge where the NPC wouldn't summon you but
also
wouldn't hit you for significant periods of time (it would
occasionally
become 'unstuck' and resume summoning).

Then I suggest to you that the observer(s) didn't know enough about
what was
going on to have an intelligent opinion. If you found the existence of
such
a location, I commend you, but we had, and still have no idea where
such a
place is. As you will see by our guild chat, there was at no time any
instruction given to anyone to "stand RIGHT HERE and don't move", or
"Stay
on the safe spot" or anything of that nature.


>My understanding is that the warder's breath weapon was bugged and
wouldn't
affect players under the water, nor those with res effects.

Your understanding is partially flawed. We had no players under the
water
because it does persistent damage when you touch it. If the breath
weapon
doesn't affect you there, I would assume it's because the bridge is
blocking
LOS.

The warder's breath weapon certainly was not affecting players under
res
effects, and we were well aware of that fact. Indeed it was the reason
the
clerics were "chain ressing" the melee during the battle (a tactic, I
might
add, that not only heals the recipient of the resurrection, but also
creates
zero aggro for the casting cleric). Does this mean that in the future
players are not allowed to resurrect the fallen during encounters with
this
creature for fear of disciplenary action, or will you fix the stacking
so
that this spell will indeed stack with res effects?

This is not the first time that players have used the rules of spell
stacking to their advantage, but it is the first time that 26 people
have
been suspended, and 2 others have been banned for it without so much
as a
tap on the shoulder and a "Hey... you guys need to cut that out" from
a GM.
It is certainly the first time we have ever used the tactic, and while
we
considered the tactic an "Itzploit", we did not consider it an
"Exploit".
FYI, we also consider using tanks and casters with invulnerable
disciplines/spells up versus proximity mobs to be an "Itzploit".


>Again, this was not what was observed, but rather that the dragon was
angry
at the clerics under the bridge but would not summon them, but also
wasn't
hitting them. We later reproduced this in the zone ourselves.

Then I submit to you that the observer was ill suited to make an
informed
statement as to what was happening. That is not what we experienced.
What
we experienced was our clerics, Caduseus and Sauw didn't get their COH
in
time, and were summoned and killed. Yes, we were using the fact that
COH
wipes aggro to control cleric aggro. Is that an exploit? What we also
experienced is that when the battle was over, and Itzlegend and his
clerics
were dead, none of the clerics under the bridge had any aggro at all.


>It's also probably worth noting that what alerted GMs to the scene
were
reports that 28 or so players were defeating mobs that DOUBLE that
many had
trouble defeating.

I fail to see how this is relevant. We came up with a plan that others
didn't, and we thought it was working, even though we lost the
encounter.


>I've not seen it yet myself, and will look tomorrow, but my
understanding
is
that the Sleeper's model only appears after one uses the optional
Velious
patch, and that the graphics for that model are available now via
patch.

Perhaps when you go to look you should do so on a "clean machine".
That is,
a machine that you install with a fresh copy of EverQuest, and that
you
patch using the same method that the rest of us do. After reading your
public statement, I checked all of my optional patch buttons, and I
received
no new files from any of them. I was the taker of most of the
screenshots
that have been made public.


Thank you for taking the time to respond to my message. I hope that
you and
I can have a meaningful dialog regarding this. I again ask ask that
you
allow us to prove our statements by recreating the fight for you so
that you
can see that we are being truthful. All we are asking for is a chance
to
prove that of all your accusations, the use of res effects in our
favor is
the only one that rings with any bit of truth. What have you got to
lose?

-Gtath


