From -2991530543549286645
X-Google-Thread: fb739,79db1818fc5667f9,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!news.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 20 Nov 2007 07:25:26 -0600
From: Jaorr_Blade <Jaorr@world.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Another Missed Opportunity - SoF
Date: Tue, 20 Nov 2007 08:25:12 -0500
Message-ID: <ngl5k3909mg90qp5jnsl6tr0i5i8rg8ocr@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 2.0/32.652
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 72
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
X-Trace: sv3-4WR5IBt3Uz5+uQvM31tDvqp+Lpo9nmXJj5nCvURbZ+UgmHYe4+KL5Qljg11iqmPY/d+Z1JCez6bM00K!VGZI8Ar9kMSu3pWyUaEYyxQ+BAlzc9HIMjF4dSfX3EXjEB3yDgb7OwmpkG+tv2V3RA==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.36
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:12310

Not much posting these days here...And with Secrets of Faydwer out I
thought there would be some banter.

Well here is a bit of mine.

SOE has disappointed me again.  Not tremendously, but enough to put
another chink in my banded armor.  As the title would imply, I assumed
that this latest addition to the EQ universe would delve back into the
past, a past I fondly remember.  Let's be honest, with a title like
that, I initially thought, GREAT, some good old EQ action in the
dwaven mountains and elven forests again.  I anticipated a "Terry
Brooks" style expansion, where its not about harder, faster, bigger.
But rather, deeper, and more detailed.

SoF didn't make it for me.  As the info came out, and I saw "Level 80!
and new AA's" I figured, "oh great, another expansion I will likely
never explore."  But I was determined to try.

I fired up my oldest toon, my mainstay, although not my best.  My
Dwarf from Faydwer after all!  Gil was my first EQ experience almost 8
years ago, a stout little Warrior.  You know, when it was scary to
venture into Dragnor's Cauldron alone.  Well it is now too, but for
different reasons.  Well my trusty dwarf warrior is now 70 seasons and
change.  A paltry 240 AA's.  Geared with what I could find, and what
my family guildmates helped me scrounge.  NOTHING compared to the
powerhouse mega machines I see in the Guild lobby, but enough to get
me through some of the more difficult scraps I like.

I ran into Steamfont, wow its different, but the same too.  I
recognized the rolling hils.  I ventured into the Minitaur caves, and
found the new passge.  Cool, I thought.

Ran into the big expanse.  Then into the first zone, expecting fairy
surprises, funny gnome low level mobs, maybe some new ones.  I also
expected a new "newbie" area.  Well, I conned the first mob, got a red
Minotaur, and then "tried it out".  I went down in seconds, with a
couple 1200 quads.  Welcome to SoF.

The death meant nothing of course, like much of EQ now.  A couple
hundred plat and I was back in business.  Hell the run back was even
easy with all the porting possibilities now.  NOTHING like the hours I
spent, eight years ago, trying to get help for this very young Dwarf
to CR for his body, lifeless on the shores of Dragnor's Cauldron,
surrounded by nasty aquagoblins.  It meant a lot back then, because he
had on his corpse a FINE STEEL SWORD, pilfered from a dead dwarf guard
some fine, but evil necro had left for me as he dominated my homelands
defenses. So much better than the rusty one I was using.

The 3 zones I popped into thereafter were loaded with 76+ers, and the
mobs were terrifying even to me at 70.  Not the Faydwer I remember!
And  I know, from PoR experience on, I have little hope of getting
"there" efficiently at my pace.  Sure they all look phenomenal, and
there are folks out there that LOVE it.  Good for them, really.  I
wish I could see more into the race for more numbers and stats.  Hell,
I heard "500/500" group items.  That's great for some.  But there is
no character in it for me anymore.  Old EQ wasn't about numbers,
flashy graphics, or power.  It was freaking scary, and immersive.

Hey I got a suggestion SoE!  Why don't you re-release the original
Faydwer, with new content, new graphics (Crysis style! I wish, have
you seen that beauty yet?!), new subzones, some instances, perhaps
LDoN type (my favorite) and make it JUST FOR less than 40's.  No
farming allowed!  Wow wouldn't that be cool.  Not gonna happen I
suppose, but it would be nice.  I know, I know, it was called EQ II
and it flopped.  I tried EQ II and it was WoW all over again.  Better
though...hehe.

Oh well, sorry for the banter.  Just thought I'd add something.  I
will pick up my next Terry Brooks novel I suppose, and find some real
magic.

Gilmere


