From 3882956810143684671
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4c0e25b6f0710527
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-25 04:52:43 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Cougars in Iceclad
Date: Wed, 25 Jul 2001 07:49:17 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3B5EB23D.9E4E333E@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3b5dc0b1.0@news>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 50
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:98551

Richard wrote:

> I visited Ice clad with my shaman for the first time last night, thinking I
> would try my hand at the cougars.  First thing I noticed is that the range
> of my spells seems to be significantly reduced, I need to be practically on
> top of a cougar to cast a spell on it.

Hoping I can help, as I have spent a significant amount of time hunting those
cougars grouped with a variety of people. I was sad to see them green out.
:-(    As to your first question, I've never played a caster of any type in
Vellious, but I've grouped with plenty and never once have I heard them
complain that their spell ranges were nerfed there.  It might just be an
optical illusion. The Vellious graphics are different than what you're used to
and distances can be deceiving.

> Second thing I noticed is that even though the one I attacked conned blue, as
> soon as root broke, while it was still above half health, it went pouncing
> off away from me, only to come running back, smack me a couple times, then go
> running off again, causing all it's friends to join in.

Again, having killed literally thousands of these cats, I've never seen one run
away when still at more than half health. There *are* a couple spots near the
igloos where the pathing gets kind of buggy and the cougars will run sideways
before running towards or away from you, but nothing that would account for
what you describe.

> Perhaps someone here could offer some good pointers on fighting the cougars
> in Iceclad.

With steady work, you can certainly get some decent xp off the IC cougars,
though nothing like you're getting in the Overthere.  And the loot, of course,
is horrendous unless you get a few earrings to drop. (I have a total of two
from several levels worth of cougars.)  But it's not bad. Were you pulling to
the igloos? I notice a lot of people doing that, but it's horrible tactically.
There is no benefit to pulling to there, since the guards won't help you anyway
and it's a long way from where the cougars path. As another poster suggested,
pull to the docks.  With either a bow/arrow or a spell, you can pull them down
that short hill to the flat area of the docks before they even get a shot at
you. And the run path from there is pretty safe from adds. Once I discovered
that, we never pulled to the igloos again.
--
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 42 Campaigns
a.k.a.
Jakys Lv'Tyrr, the Mad Monk of Qeynos
Monk of 25 Seasons, Silent Fist
- - - -
"Anything more than a metric buttload of mobs is a bardic pull."
Arolpin Lorespinner




