From 5108065253446561262
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e40bc9d601e210b3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-18 06:44:06 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!nycmny1-snh1.gtei.net!washdc3-snf1!news.gtei.net!cyclone1.gnilink.net!newsfeed.news2me.com!sn-xit-05!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Hole (advice/Hints) or other hunting spots
Date: Mon, 18 Nov 2002 09:38:45 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3DD8FB75.F12A43DC@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.79 [en] (Windows NT 5.0; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3dd8ef05_4@corp-news.newsgroups.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 66
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:246372

Freeman wrote:
> 
> I decided it's time I made another level...been 52 for most of the year, it
> seems.
> So, remembering how much Jazz raves about the place and how empty it's meant
> to be, I try The Hole.
> 
> The entrance to the Hole I found was ideal, easy to control, fast exp.
> Unfortunately, if this is taken, I don't seem to be able to go further
> in...this is mainly due to the fact that the party there already seem to
> over do it every other pull and zone, I'm left with fight or flight and when
> I did stay and fight the other party returned to break my Mez'd Crusader and
> Warrior...flight then.
> Assuming I am stuck behind a competent group, one day, is there anywhere
> further in to The Hole suitable for 3 Boxing, Warrior, Druid and Enchanter
> (all 52) or should I leave it unless I can have the entrance.
> 
> CF

I'm impressed if you can run all three of those characters three-boxing.
And if you take them into the hole, you're going to be VERY busy and
testing your three boxing skills to the limit. Having said that...

Yes. There's a ton of camps in the Hole. In fact, I do recall reading
that, at least up until the release of Luclin, the Hole was the largest
dungeon zone in square footage, of any zone in the game at the time. It
goes on *forever*. Maps of it are usually broken up into upper, middle,
and lower Hole.  If you've only camped the entry, you've only scratched
the surface. 

The problem with breaking down into new areas to camp is the actual
breaking part. Lots of sections of your path are chock full of mobs..
lot's of stationary ones close together in some spots, with lots of
roaming wanderers most everywhere you go. Crowd control is crucial.

Now it used to be that the golem types down there were unmezzable. 
Reports have it that this has been fixed so your chanter will be able to
mezz them to give you a chance. I can't confirm this, though, as we
haven't been in a while except to CoTH down to the undead tower for epic
mobs.

Past the dropoff (where you see one cruiser and one rock golem) there's
a wide open area with a pool in it off to your right and the entry to
the first castle area in front of you to the left as you come down the
ramp from drop off. (Be sure to hug the left wall and stay on the ramp.)

You can set up initially against that wall on your left at the bottom
and pull mobs that wander out of the castle and through that little open
area. Initial break is a bear, because there's quite a few and you can
expect adds on every fight for the first eight mobs or so. If you manage
to break them, though, you can happily stay there and pull from the
castle entry and the couple roamers out by the pool for a very long
time. XP is insane, and most folks won't come down to bother you.  But
as I said, you're going to be VERY busy initially so have the druid
ready on the evac button if it get's out of hand.

There's a ton more good camps in there, but your'e a bit low level to go
much further.

Later on you can camp the ratman guards in the jail, and a bunch of
other spots as you move down to some of the city camps, like the one
just before the bank which is outstanding.

Good luck. Let us know how it goes.
-- 
"Would you care for a sammich?"


