From 3951632520718816644
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,46eed324cf4009a5,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-30 13:26:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3BB77E48.B19DE144@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Necro Partner
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 130
Date: Sun, 30 Sep 2001 20:31:46 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.233.195
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1001881906 66.109.233.195 (Sun, 30 Sep 2001 16:31:46 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 30 Sep 2001 16:31:46 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:122129

Yes, I know, Necro are the solo class.

But sometimes I wonder if thats really the best strategy.

If we let the pet do the heavy lifting, then we only get
half the exp for the mob.

If we cast sufficiently to outdamage the pet so as to get
full exp, then we incur downtime... meaning we still only
get exp half as fast as we would if we didn't have that
pet penalty looming over  our heads and could just
cast to an efficient mobs/minute degree.

Better would be a partner, even one that did nothing
but sit quietly out of aggro range and suck down
part of the exp... if that partner was lower level so he
gets less than half.

But I'd think most classes could at least pay thier
own way, doubling the available exp, which would
mean that we'd be -much- better off than solo.

Cleric: Buff the pet HP and AC so he is easier to
keep alive, heal the pet as needed to save some
necro mana, root mobs for easier DOTing before
fight or to take care of adds, stun runners (even
Feared ones, pet will get more hits on stationary
mob) do the Fear half of snare/fear kiting

Rogue: Kill feared mobs about four times as
fast compared to just the pet working on em.

Monk (my current partner, not by planning,
just the two of us are friends running twinks
and still hanging together) does twice the damage
the pet does and can take a beating better;
gets good milage out of Dark Empathy healing,
Spirit Armor, and best of all when real trouble
shows up she can FD at the same time I do,
so it isn't a case of lettting the partner die.

Druid: SOW is life, and my pet won't drink SOW
potions.  Feared mobs that break snare won't
be a problem.  Druid is also well set up to play
the DOT game, buff up my pet and help keep him
healed.  If we can't play fear kite, druid can DS
the pet, and root the mob so we can set up the
DOTs before sending in the "tank."  Oh, and
Harmony, that should help increase the areas we
can pull out of.

Ranger: up there with monks and rogues for
melee damage, very appreciative of Fear kite
techniques, also great for finding yellow mobs
and bringing em back.  Higher levels, will
have SOW to add to the equation.

Warrior: Shouldn't have trouble outdamaging
the pet, and nothing particularly wrong, but
I don't see anything particularly to reccomend
them as partners, either.

Paladin: Like warrior, only a little less damage,
Flash of Light, Stun, and LOH and light heals and
buffs might help though.

Shadowknights: from a roleplay standpoint
excellent... but practically they do less damage
than a warrior and generally duplicate your own
powers instead of adding new capabilities.  -Still-
not a bad choice, now you have -three- tanks
beating on that feared mob.  Get their pet a weapon
so it does real damage.

Bard: since their song doesn't hit the pet, less
exciting to a pet class than to some.  Still, should
do comperable damage, and can run any number
of other strategies besides combat buff.  Of particular
interest would be HP/Mana regen songs, which
should be obscene on top of the Death Pact line.

Wizard: between pet and snare/fear tactics you should
be able to enable their nuking without getting killed.
Biggest problem will be keeping nuking down to no more
than can be medded back up during the fight, so you can
still constant pull.

Enchanter: Breeze/Clarity line doesn't stack with Death Pact
line.. on the other hand this stops your having to keep it
memmed and also relieves worry about quietly hemmoraging
accidentally.  With a little effort their pet will work alongside
yours in the fear kite, and they can haste buff the pets, debuff
the mobs; with an enchanter we wouldn't be so limited to
yellow mobs, low reds should be doable if spells stick.

Mage: As long as they don't use Earth pet if you are Fear kiting,
they add another serious pet in, their spells don't conflict with
yours, and they also have a good debuff line that might open
up low reds.  If you -=aren't=- fear kiting, they have a beefier
pet than yours if you can get it the taunt, and its constant rooting
will help keep aggro off the two of you.  They also have a very
good DS line to put on the pets if they are being hit.  Should be
expert at bind wounds, could keep you at 50% health if they
don't need to med...

Shaman: regeneration for your death pact line, slow for
your enemies if you aren't fear kiting, and haste for your
pet whether you are or not.  SOW all around, which is always
helpful.  Not sure about DOT conflicts, and don't let them
go nuts cannabilizing just because you are death pact-ing, they
can't suck the HP back out of the mobs to replace it!  Later
they get a pet which seems to actually do some damage.

Necromancer.  Well, definate conflict over DOTS, but
there are quite a few lines of those in  our repetoir, shouldn't
be hard to agree who will cast which, and that would leave
room for some of the less used debuffs (Steal AC is particularly
amusing) that could speed things up, especially with two pets
running.  Second pet to help in the kite, backup Fear/snare
spells in case you get a resist, really seems like an ideal partner.
Biggest conflict I see is over who gets to cast Leach line, and there
you can just take turns, the other can cover with Lifetap line.

Shrouds
21 Necromancer, Morel Thule

mmm, 4 necromance, mage, bard.





