From 5198508047042328667
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,83940a247dce02ea
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-05 14:31:12 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!peer1-sjc1.usenetserver.com!usenetserver.com!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news2.telusplanet.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3C84BE4F.7D4B000F@stny.rr.com>
Subject: Re: The Truth About Pet Damage/XP
Lines: 379
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <NGbh8.2971$1d5.118604@news2.telusplanet.net>
Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2002 22:31:09 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.72.216
X-Trace: news2.telusplanet.net 1015367469 216.232.72.216 (Tue, 05 Mar 2002 15:31:09 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 05 Mar 2002 15:31:09 MST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:172503

    Ok, I looked up the original post on the Dev boards and got riled up
enough to copy over a lot of it here for comment. :-) Understand that I come
from the perspective of someone with a 60 cleric, three melees level 40 or
higher (max 55), then four casters level 35 or less (min 27), with one of
the casters being a 30 mage. I've snipped anything that was well explained,
or which concerned PvP.

Questions For The Magician Class
General

1) All classes in EverQuest have a role that grows with them as they
progress upwards in levels. A different role for each different class, some
healers, some melee damage dealers, some magic damage dealers. What is the
intended role for the Magician Class to fill, in relation to other classes
like Warriors, Wizards, or Monks? -Tuni Gearspinner

A) Magicians are about pets and blasting things, along with a few debuffs
and damage shields. Of course they also summon a bunch of stuff. But this
question seems to be about combat potential. Pets allow a mage to deal melee
damage and tie up an enemy while regaining mana, a sort of living (kinda)
melee DoT. So I suppose I see their 'role' when it comes to combat as both
melee and magic damage dealers with some utility. I get the feeling that I'm
missing the point of this question, since that answer seems pretty obvious.

James: the point of the question, as far as I can tell, is this: what do you
think magicians should be doing at the different levels? At pre-50, they
summon utility items, use pets and nukes to inflict damage, and provide
damage shields. By level 60 (raid level) they summon one utility item (mod
rods), provide damage shields and one specific resist debuff, and use Call
of the Hero to summon people to the raid group. A lot of the utility of the
class that exists at lower levels is lost, and the damage potential of the
class drops dramatically. Is this intended?

2) Do you feel Magicians are fulfilling this role well in comparison to
other classes filling their roles at present? -Tuni Gearspinner

A) Obviously we feel that there are some adjustments to be made. I
understand the problems post 50, for a lot of casters. And I understand how
twinking items affects, or rather doesn't affect, casters. The team
understands it too. You'll just have to give us some time to work on it.

James: one of the quickest fixes that could be put in the game would be to
uncap the gain from +mana items at low levels. This doesn't increase the
damage output of a low-level caster (like removing the weapon max hit cap
would for melees), but it does increase the chance of a low-level caster to
emerge victorious from an encounter. Remember, +HP items aren't capped and
they directly lengthen the time a melee has to inflict damage, and thus
their total damage output in the encounter. Since casters deal damage
through expending mana, it makes sense to give them the same relative
advantage.

5) Does Verant truly believe we are still overpowered after three
expansions, especially from level 50 upwards? -Biggerin Allahya

A) Not really (that's my opinion, but I'm pretty sure most folks on the team
would agree). Again, we're going to have to determine things like that in a
more quantitative way than just "believe". Personally, I think magicians are
pretty much in line up to about 50. After that, if a few issues could be
worked out, I think they'd be right back in line. But don't discount the
value of being able to solo pretty easily in the early levels. Such ability
doesn't define a class, nor does it mean that a class should be underpowered
later. But it has value as well.

James: This is a bit of a dodge. Melees are beginning to solo every bit as
well as casters, even at lower levels, due to enhanced damage output from
easy-to-obtain weapons sold by other players. My own warrior could clear the
dead side Lower Guk hallway faster than any mage I saw there could, because:
(1) her damage output was very enhanced with weapons from post-Old World
expansions, (2) her AC was well above what was planned for those mobs, (3)
she could recover HPs with bandaging faster than a mage could recover mana
from medding, (4) because of (2) she could handle an add or two without
being forced to flee.

7) Was chain casting pets intended to be a primary ability of the magician,
specifically 50+? -Zebanar

A) Intended? Probably not during the design of the class, though three or
four years later that's hard to tell. Is it a strategy that we are aware of
now? Sure. Primary ability? In so much as pets are a large part of what
Mages do, yes. THE primary ability? Probably not.

James: again, the point has been missed here. Because of design flaws (low
AC/HP pets, no adequate pet heals, inability of pet to hold aggro) mages
have been forced to chain-cast pets at higher levels (post-50) when soloing.
This neatly sidesteps the pet XP issue, but is it really how mages should be
soloing? For those that don't know, when your original pet is getting low on
life you back away a bit, start casting a new pet, and just before the new
pet is cast do a /pet get lost on the existing pet.

Pets

1) Is there any chance that in the future the experience penalty for a pet
doing over 50% of the damage while soloing to any monster will be
removed? -Ghalon Soulburn

A) There's always a chance. Again, we'll look at that as well when we review
casters. However, remember that whatever 'soloing ability' Mages have now
(whether considered great or average) would be dramatically increased if
pets suddenly stopped earning experience for all of their hard work and
sacrifice.

James: the problem is this: how can the mage do over 50% of the attributed
damage (so excluding damage shield damage) without taunting the mob off the
pet? A pet's inability to hit well at higher levels (when the pet is quite
low level compared to the target mobs) or hit significantly faster/with more
taunt cripple the mage's ability to actually nuke, leaving them with the
chain-cast pets tactic. There's a reason the earth pet becomes the standard
pet as one levels - it Roots.

7) As a magician, my pet is my lifeblood. It is what sets me apart from
being a poor man's Wizard. Does Verant believe our pets (Particularly 50+,
and our Epic pets) are overpowered, and if so in what situations (i.e.
experience grouping, raiding or soloing)? -Silvasa T`Karr

A) We're looking at that right now. Reviewing pets is part of the process. I
could give my opinion, but it might vary from the opinion of the guy sitting
next to me, whose opinion might be different than the next guy. Instead,
I'll wait and see what kind of results come out of the review.

James: this had to frustrate mages, who think that their pets become
increasingly irrelevant as they level. Note that when pressed, Verant gave
the "this is what damage you should do relative to a warrior" comparison
metric during the melee review. Hopefully a similar metric will be released
during the caster review, *relative to the same warrior*.

8) Will a pet equip armour, jewellery and weapons that are not NODROP and
receive the statistical benefits they offer? -Siadhail

A) A good rule is this: If it will equip a weapon it will probably equip
most items, if that item is better than one it may already have. Better in
the pet's mind might not match what the owner thinks is better, and the
value of some items to pets is questionable (giving your pet + Int items
won't make the pet choose better targets.). Also keep in mind that the value
that your pet gains from the use of a piece of armor probably won't be the
same value that a PC would gain from it. Skill levels have a lot to do with
how a character absorbs or avoids damage.

James: Sigh. What in the world is stopping Verant from saying point blank:
"Pets will equip the weapon with the best feature X, and armour with the
best feature Y"? Especially with armour - a mage cannot gauge WHAT armour a
pet has equipped except by guessing, and given that the answer also states
that armour has different effects on pets than it does on PCs the benefits
of armouring pets becomes anecdotal. Doesn't Verant realize that if they
told mages how to better protect their pets, that mages would go do it and
be happier with the pets they already have? This even opens up avenues for
new mage-summoned items, like the Luclin summons, meant specifically to
improve pets. But until players know that this is worthwhile, they won't
consider it when deciding if pets are any good.

9) Why can pets no longer taunt a monster off of any player character that
has aggravated a monster (No matter how slightly) that is within the
monsters melee range? -Nandail Mandragoran

A) I don't have an answer for this question at this time.

James: I do. Nerf done to avoid having charmed pets tank big mobs, like the
Avatar of War. Now, if a Charm buff also had a hate reducing component (like
that new Luclin player buff), perhaps this nerf could be reversed. I
honestly don't know how such a change would impact classes that solo using
charm, but I hope the option is at least looked at seriously.

11) Will the Magician epic quest ever have Quillmane changed to a triggered
spawn, or have a similar monster added to Southern Karana that can be
triggered? -Ronaldor Vladimir

A) We don't have any plans to change that part of the quest. My suggestion,
at least for younger magicians, would be to get the cloak when you're of a
level to gain experience in the zone. Play there and have fun, snag
Quillmane while you're there.

James: Again, he's missing something. The cloak has enough intrinsic value
that high-level players with tracking and run speed of SoW level or higher
will stay in the zone to get the cloak, and they WILL get Quillmane before
the mage. Unlike other epic items that are/were loot items (Kedge Robe,
Ghoulsbane etc.) the cloak has an almost unique effect - right click
Levitation. Add to that the multiquestability of the cloak and you only
increase the desire of non-mages to bag Quillmane. It would seem reasonable
to make SOME change to the current setup of this part of the quest.

13) Do you have any intention on improving current pet control mechanisms in
the near future, and/or adding new controls and /pet commands to pet
control, if so what do you have in mind? -Noonie Vilotskies

A) Not really. The current control commands fall within the range of
effective but not too effective. Remember, part of the value of a live
player over a pet is that the player is smarter (though maybe not as easily
controlled.).

James: A disappointing answer. Part of what keeps mages from grouping with
other players is that the pet is seen as a liability, and not a source of
strength. And telling a mage "group with friends" doesn't help when nobody
will group with them in the first place because "mages can't control their
pets". Really, the one command that would make this problem go away is the
one command that was introduced with alt. XP - /pet hold, making the pet
ignore everything until otherwise instructed. It's too bad mages need to get
to level 59 and get a pile of alt XP points before they can actually control
their pets as well as a two-boxed Monk and Shaman can control themselves.

14) Is there a code imposed limit on the number of pets that can be actively
engaging a single monster, and if so what is that limit? -Istaron

A) Yes. No more than four pets can engage a single target. This is basically
to prevent use of only pets to defeat opponents. We think it's important to
have some player characters involved in the combat at times.

James: This is even more depressing. Even assuming mages get their pets
fixed to the point where they'd be assets on a raid, they'd have to fight
with the other mages, necromancers, and enchanters (Charm or Dire Charm)
present to be able to use those pets. It also puts restrictions on effective
grouping for XP on pet classes that aren't on other classes, although that's
a minor point.

16) Is there any plan to try and improve pet pathing in the future, if so
what is it? -Kysis Ka Tra

A) "Pet pathing" isn't something that we can just flip a switch and make
better. It's a complicated system. We make improvements where we can.

James: Actually, you could. You've already fixed the pathing of pets
following a mage - the pets can be parked and summoned to the mage's
location. It's not optimal, but it was a good fix. If the problem is "pets
follow odd paths to get to a target", remove the problem - have pets warp to
melee range when told to attack an NPC. NPCs warp to PCs when they cannot
path to them properly as a fix to poor pathing, after all.

18) Why are pets taking so long to buff themselves? -Halves

A) There are a LOT of pets in EverQuest. Pets casting buffs use up bandwidth
and CPU cycles. Zones with a lot of pets could be adversely affected by all
the pets casting stuff. We increased the time that all pets will take
between buffs to reduce resources used.

James: "I'm sorry, we nerfed you to save bandwidth." Ouch. Perhaps if Verant
hadn't done that duration nerf they wouldn't have this problem? Duration
nerf: NPCs used to have their buffs last longer than if the same buff was
cast on a PC to reduce bandwidth taken with rebuffing. But - GASP! - this
was also affecting buffs cast on pets. So duration on all NPC buffs was
reduced to stop pets from getting extra buff time. Sounds like a good
enhancement to give back to pet classes, doesn't it?

21) The Monster Summoning line of spells is in effect no different to our
normal pets except in the fact they look different, will they ever be
changed to behave more like the monsters they actually are? -Zebanar

A) We don't have any plans to change Monster Summoning. And if by "behave
more like the monsters they actually are" you mean "do a ton more damage and
have a ton more hit points", then the answer is no. Changes to these pets
might happen during the balancing process, but any such changes would
probably be small when compared to "the monsters they actually are".

James: it would be nice if there existed in game a focus item for the
monster summoning line of spells, then, so they could at least be useful
instead of party tricks run up and down the Oasis beach.


Spells

1) My question is does Verant believe our current summoned item line to be
as useful as it should be compared to other class's utility
spells? -Aammelno

A) Well, that depends on the utility spell in question. Spirit of Wolf?
Probably not. Ultravision? Sure. True North? Absolutely!  We'll certainly be
looking at this as well during the balancing pass.

James: hopefully this will also be looked at in terms of making pets better
with summoned gear. Being able to summon No Rent resist gear, for example,
would vastly improve pets against mobs with AoEs (hopefully) without
changing the actual power of a base pet.

3) What line of spells are our "class defining spells"? -The Dweller In The
Darkness

A) Pets, bolts, summoned items, Malo. There are probably those that use
damage shields a lot and might call them defining. I would avoid getting
hung up on the whole idea of "class defining".

James: This question gets back to "what are we supposed to do on a raid?"
It's a VERY valid question to ask, seeing as how in the end raiding is
important, and it should be answered. If Verant can't figure out why a mage
should be on a raid, or comes back with a role ("damage dealer") which mages
aren't good at compared with others, then a change has to be made either to
Verant's vision or to the class to better match the vision. Wouldn't you
like to know before starting a character if what that character will end up
doing will fit your personality? And what mages feel they're forced to do
now doesn't match with what they did levelling up.

7) Why is there a 6 level limit for what a caster can land spells on, but no
apparent cap exists for melee? -Eandori

A) There isn't really a six level limit. Here's how it works: There is a
level limit for spell effects that has a minimum of six levels. A spell will
not affect an NPC that is more than 1.3 times your level, or 6 levels
higher, which ever is greater. So at 15th level it's 6 levels. At 40th it's
12 levels. Now, how often is a 40th level warrior going to actually hit
while attacking a 53rd level NPC?

James: The answer to that question is moot if in fact the level 40 melee CAN
land blows on a level 53 mob. The caster simply cannot land any spells on
the mob. I think this issue deserves to be revisited, both at the end game
level and in XP group situations.

Items

2) Why does our Velious robe have a level 49 damage shield while the Druid
breast plate has a 58 group regeneration, and the Necromancer robe has a
level 57 corpse summon? -Xerath Dar'Khan

A) It's not entirely fair to just point at spell levels and use that as a
basis for the 'balance' of such items. I'll leave it to the balancing folks
to make any determination about this sort of change.

James: If you assume that the spells themselves are balanced for the level
they are obtained, then yes, it is a fair metric for comparison. Especially
when you consider that higher level versions of the same spell exist.

7) Why are the Staves of Elemental Mastery 2Hb and have no additional
statistics on them? -Bouya

A) Again, I have no idea. For a lot of these questions you're asking why
something was done. Unless I can get in the heads of the folks that designed
these things, there's no way for me to know. If what you really want to know
is "Why don't we change these things to something we think would be more
useful?", then my answer is, we just might. Let's see what comes of the
caster balancing.

James: I think these questions are being asked now so Verant WILL consider
them when caster balancing is done. Mages like focus items because, frankly,
the base stat pets just aren't so hot (unless you recast and recast until
you get a max level pet), and Verant should like them because they're items
and not intrinsics of spells. That actually brings up a pet (no pun
intended) idea of mine - reduce mage downtime and "increase" pet power by
eliminating the lowest two pets a given spell can summon. So if a summon
spell could get you a 22,23,24,or 25 pet, eliminate the chance to get a 22
or 23.

Skills

7) Will our new skill Group Buff ever be replaced as Magicians only have one
group buff? -Finraziel

A) We knew it would be of limited appeal to most Mages in the short term.
But who knows what spells we might choose to add in the future (and, no,
this is not a promise that we'll be adding such spells). Not all Alternate
Advancement abilities are going to be extremely appealing.

James: No alt XP ability should be so UNappealing, either. Verant could have
just as easily given mages something else neat now, and if and when they got
more group buffs (and I doubt they will) given them Mass Group Buff at that
time. Quick and easy idea, could be added to other nuking classes: Ability
X, after using Ability X the next spell you cast is resisted as a lure.
Refresh X minutes, X > 20 (idea being once per big encounter).

8) Why do we have to get 27 levels of Alternate Advancement for /pet hold
when that should be given to us for free by the 50th level at least? -Lord
Gojirax

A) Because we don't feel that it "should be given" to you any earlier. It's
represents a complete mastery over your pet, something only achieved after
much work. Earning your way to the level needed to get that ability is part
of the effort of becoming a master.

James: Sigh, roleplaying reasons to make the gameplay bite.



    James





begin 666 smile.gif
M1TE&.#EA#P`/`)$!`````+^_O___`````"'Y! $```$`+ `````/``\```(N
MC V9QY$"X6(@6GGJO0!)+3RA$XDA:&Y6JGXMIX$K%G,8^2EE]G:4?&ID%+Y#
#`0`[
`
end



