From -4674438652035510357
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1c46d3a152840f46,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-03 15:05:52 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!pln-e!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews2
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Monual's Busy Busy Day
Date: Tue, 3 Sep 2002 16:42:35 -0500
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 239
Message-ID: <al3abm01vj6@enews2.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-083.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:228303

Had a very busy day Saturday.  Full of unique experiences for me.  Thought
I'd share it with y'all.

Not ten seconds after I logged on, some of my guildmates were asking for
some help for an impromptu UP raid.  So, since I had nothing else going on,
up I went.  We got two groups, then almost three groups, but not enough
firepower to go after any of the nameds.  We did get the bracer guy, who
dropped a +15 STA bracelet.  We also got a Shadow Assassin's Breastplate,
which went to our bard.  We also got some arms that were RNG ROG BRD useable
and were a minor upgrade for someone in the raid.

After three hours, the mini-raid broke up.  I got a tell from a monk friend
of mine asking if I wanted to go down to Cazic-Thule.  So down I went, and
we pulled zone-in mobs for a while, waiting for a chanter to come so we
could move in a little deeper.  Alas, this never happened; the chanter
stalled and stalled and stalled.  During all the stalling, we kept pulling
zone-in mobs until we got a drop I've never seen before: a raptor hide cap.
The looter said "priest class", the monk said, "give it to Monual".  So they
did.  I looked it over... AC 9, WIS 4, MANA 65.   Like, wow.  Better WIS and
MANA than my Thurg helm, but 10 less AC.  What the heck, I'm not a battle
cleric.  I put it on.  I hated the graphic - basically a brown bucket on my
head.  I liked the white wings of the Thurg helm better.  Ah well, I liked
the extra mana even more.

After the chanter had stalled long enough, suddenly the whole group had to
leave - their guild was going up to UP to kill Doomshade.  My guild is still
building levels and adding personnel; we're still a ways from being able to
do these kind of mobs.  Basically, we raid HoT a lot and try to improve
everyone's armor.  So it was with some jealousy that I watched them head
back to the moon.  Then I get a tell from the monk: "Want to join us?"

Gosh, would I!

So I went up to the moon.  I remember in the old days, I'd temporarily need
to leave my old guild and join their guild to raid.  Now all I needed was to
join the raid channel.  As they were organizing, the lack of clerics came to
light - they only had four for the CH chain.

Hmm.  Should I tell them I've never done a CH chain before?  Nah.

So we create a healer's channel, first time I've been in one of those, too.
We begin to set up an order - I'm third on the list.  Now, while I've never
been in a CH chain before, I've read extensively on the EQ Clerics forums on
how they work, so I set up my hotkey.  I ask how long we should wait between
casts, and I'm told "three and four".  A couple of minutes later I ask
again, and again am told "three and four".  Finally, I break down and ask
what "three and four" means.  I'm told it means a four-second pause while
the main tank has the Defensive discipline up, and three seconds thereafter.
Ah, lesson learned.

The guild is going to try something: since they are short on clerics,
they're gonna try to deliberately switch Main Tanks during the battle as the
first MT's defensive disc fades.  This is in lieu of their usual strategy,
which is described as: "Lose the main tank, panic, and win anyway".

So I futz around with my brand-new CH chain hotkey.  I finally come up with
the following:

/cast 3 (Complete Heal, of course)
/4 (the healers' channel)  Complete Heal on %t - next up is NextCleric in
four seconds
/cast 3 (just in case first CH fizzles)
/pause 40
/tell NextCleric GO NOW!!!

I wish these things could be more than five lines.  I wanted more time to
set up two hotkeys, one of which is invoked by the other, but I don't have
the time.

Finally, we begin.  Getting Doomshade to pop means killing all four Dark
Masters within 30 minutes.  This means that the puller goes out, grabs a
Dark Master, and runs back to the zone-in area, dragging about half-a-dozen
adds along with him.  This proves to be unsettling - the cleric in the
monk's group is lagging badly, and the monk keeps dying.  They get the monk
rezzed and buffed quickly, but even so, the first Dark Master respawns
before the last one is killed.  However, when they manage to kill that Dark
Master, Doomshade spawns.

Doomshade is pulled, and I'm on full alert mode now, staring intently at the
screen.  We've practiced the rotation a couple of times, so I know what to
expect, but still... this is tense.  I have the first Main Tank targeted,
and I watch his health begin to dip as he fights.  Then it goes up, and then
I get the tell to begin my CH.  I pound my new hotkey, intently watching the
MT's health.  It goes down, then up, then down again before my CH hits.  It
never gets below fifty percent; I'm not sure if this is a good thing or a
bad thing.  Do we need to make the interval longer?  Far too late to decide
that now.  My whole job is to wait for my turn in the CH chain.

We go through several iterations... and then suddenly, I don't receive a
tell to go.  I blink, wait another couple of seconds, then mash my hotkey
anyway.  It's too late - the Main Tank dies, before we were supposed to
switch.  The cleric in front of me lagged at the wrong time.

No problem; Doomshade kills a couple of people as we target the next Main
Tank.  We begin the CH chain anew as the MT acquires agro.  We go through
the CH chain a few more times.  A couple of minutes later, we're told to
switch to three seconds.  I hurriedly try to edit my hotkey.  This causes my
to panic a bit as I try to edit the hotkey while using it.  I finally manage
to get my hotkey all set, and decide that this is a very stupid way to do
it, and that next time I'm just going to set up two hotkeys.  I'm sure I
wasn't fooling anyone, as for a couple of rotations my message was,
"Complete Heal on %t - next up is NextCleric in three91111 seconds!"

We continue on, and the second MT is doing fine.  Just as I'm starting to
get worried about mana, Doomshade dies.  I sigh and sit back, emotionally
drained.  Dang, that was exciting.  My first-ever CH chain was mostly a
success.

Loot is announced.  The only interesting thing to me is the Crystal
Enervated Armband with negative resists but FT2.  One of the officers in the
guild asks people to send him a tell if they're interested in the Armband.
I send in a tell asking if I can get in on it.  There's an ominous silence
for a few minutes, then it is announced that since I had been an important
part of the raid, instead of having the Armband awarded by their loot
council, the guild was just going to have an open roll for it.  Six people
want the Armband.  The officer rolls; I lose.  Ah well, at least they gave
me a chance, which I appreciated.

That's done and I gate back to the Nexus to decide what I want to do next.
Then I get yet another tell from the monk: wanna come help us do Gozz?

You betcha!

Where's Gozz, I ask?  In ToV.  Ahh... I've never done an NToV mob before,
cool.  So I get a gate to CS, get succored across SG, get lost in WW, and
finally bind outside ToV and zone in.  I /ooc "Are we meeting in NToV?"
"NO!" is the reply.  Oops, Gozz is not an NToV mob, he's a WToV mob.  OK.

I enter WToV and find the raid gathered around Gozz.  They're all on good
CoV faction, so the setup will be easy.  I join the healer's channel again,
and find out that this time there are only three clerics.  They talk about
doing "three and five" but end up deciding to do constant four.  Easy
enough; I set up my hotkey accordingly.  Since there's only three of us, a
mage begins summoning piles of  mod rods.

To avoid Gozz's AE, all the casters huddle against one wall out of sight of
Gozz.  The main tank is assigned, and away we go.  I pound my hotkey,
watching the Main Tank's health.  We do this a few times... and then
suddenly I don't get a tell.  Cleric is lagging again.  I push my hotkey,
but the main tank dies.  The secondary main tank is called, and I try to
target him - but I can't see him from where I am.  I move away from the wall
and into Gozz's AE.  I try typing /tar NextTank, but I'm too far away.  I
practically have to run under Gozz's belly to get close enough to target the
next tank.  Finally I manage it, throw him one CH that is thankfully not
interrupted by Gozz's AE, and run back behind the wall.

We continue on, and I'm running low on mana.  I use my mod rod, the turn to
see where the other mod rods are.  They're nearby, surrounded by casters.
After my next turn in the chain, I move over, try to grab one... and click
on one of the nearby casters instead.  Which means I have them targeted now
instead of the Main Tank.  I grab the mod rod, run back to Gozz, but it's
too late - that tank dies, then another, then another.  Doggedly the CH
chain tries to move from tank to tank, and we manage a CH or two, but we're
too far gone.  With Gozz at twenty percent, we wipe.

I'm bound outside ToV, so I manage to get back quickly.  They have an epic
cleric, so she goes around rezzing everyone.  I loot my stuff and sit and
med.  I ask, "So, are going to try this again?"  The answer is, "f*%@
yeah!"  There is general laughter.  Meanwhile, I check my badword filter,
wonder how that got past it.  No matter; I'd smiled too.

We set it up.  I suggest that perhaps we move the mod rod pile a bit further
away from the casters to avoid the targeting problems I had.  The mage
agrees.  Once everyone buffs, we begin again.

I'm beginning to get a feel for the CH chain.  It works for a while, then
once again the cleric in front of me lags and the Main Tank dies.  This time
I waste no time running in and targeting the next tank and running out.  We
manage the switch without a problem.  We go through the chain several times.
I'm running low on mana, so I move over to the rods.  It's tricky trying to
loot and use a mod rod when you're in a three-cleric chain with a
four-second interval.  But thankfully I have no targeting problems, despite
flinching every time I go to pick up a rod.

Some people in my group are dead - victims of the AE.  I've been told that
they are not my concern, that my full focus should be the CH chain.  Alas,
one of the people that died is the healer.  I'm running out of mana, *and*
I'm running low on health, making using the mod rods dangerous.  I ask for
heals, then scream into the raid channel that I need a heal fast.  It's only
after I yell into the raid channel that I realize Gozz is dead.

Loot is announced - nothing I can use.  It's okay, I'm happy.  The guild is
debating what to do next, but my own guild is trying to get forces
together - VSR is up, and one of our best and most-liked rangers needs the
drop.  So I get a TL to DL and run over to KC, at the same time trying to
get other folks to come.  VSR is easy, requiring only one good group.  I get
lots of responses, and suddenly a large number of people are on the way.
And, just as suddenly, three people pop into the zone from the guild I just
left in WToV - they, too, have heard that VSR is up and want the epic drop
also.  While my guild has more than one player that needs the drop, only one
has significantly progressed along her epic, so I offer to split the two
epic drops with the other guild.  They agree, and lots of people from my
guild zone in.  With a sigh I begin to organize groups, and find that we
have *four* groups there for VSR - overkill and then some.  We have some fun
de-railing trains, including a Hand / LCY train that comes unannounced.
Finally, we get a monk to pull VSR to the zone, we do the turn-ins, we take
out VSR in about fifteen seconds.  Our ranger is ecstatic and loots a stone,
while the two rangers from the other guild roll on the other stone.

After all that, I get a tell from the monk I first met in CT - wanna try CT
again?  Sure - I haven't gotten much XP today.  So I get a TL to Feerrott
and head back to CT.  We move in to Lower Zig - a camp I've never done
before.  Talk about intense - this camps has very high-level mobs that spawn
very quickly.  It's a real struggle to keep up with the spawn rate as we try
to pull all four corners, but we keep up - barely.  There's a mage
chain-summoning mod rods and a chanter to give us KEI.  But man, I haven't
had this kind of struggle since trying to keep up since doing the Sarnak
Fort in LoIO.

Still, the XP is great.  We get no named pops, and we have a couple of
deaths (when mez gets resisted too many times in a row), but overall it's a
good experience.  Finally, one of the group members comments that he told
his dad two hours ago that he had to fight his way out, and that his dad had
just noticed that he was still in the same place.  So we finally called the
group.

Meanwhile, the ranger for whom we had killed VSR was still online, hunting
with her beau in Kael, trying to get him faction so he can turn in his SS
leggings.  I decide to go join them as a way to relax and unwind after a
long day.

Well, after both she and her Significant Other died and I'd run screaming to
the zone with a dozen giants shouting for my blood, we did actually manage
to kill a few giants and get some faction.  I finally decided to call it a
night, and logged right there in Kael.

That was one of the most intense days of EQ I'd ever had, chock-full of new
experiences, which is something I don't actually get too often these days on
EQ.  As I move more and more into the high-end game, I hope to enjoy more
experiences like that.  No matter what it does to my frayed nerves.  =)

-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
High Priest of Rodcet Nife
Avengers of Honour
Drinal server




