From -4403568770334906281
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e77ae69f692b4c72
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-18 06:15:21 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!tank.news.pipex.net!pipex!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3C1F4D14.869097C6@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: So what did YOU do Monday night?
References: <3C1F3646.FEE28C85@stny.rr.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 95
Date: Tue, 18 Dec 2001 14:05:37 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.28
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1008684337 66.109.234.28 (Tue, 18 Dec 2001 09:05:37 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 18 Dec 2001 09:05:37 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:148096



jaZZmanian Devil wrote:

> Instead of all the hardware problems, bug bitching and Verant bashing,
> how about a nice, lazy, old-fashioned thread on playing  the game and
> what people are up to?
>

Went on a triggered Faydedar raid.

Walked thru Paladul from Hollowshade, getting lost as usual, but
eventually finding my way to Shadowhaven.  One item of interest
there was the corpse of an owlbear named Yelloweyes, had
a non-interesting owlbear collar and a feather on it, but I assume
whatever good loot it may have had was already taken.  Bandits
there aggro on my 54 cleric, although they didn't do any damage
to speak of.

Bound in Shadowhaven at the telepad to Nexus, I figure this puts
me within 15 minutes of any old world continent should a porter
be unavailable.  Is Nexus a destination now for wizards and druids?

Guild porter showed up as several of us were waiting in Nexus
to port down, so we ported around the world for awhile picking up
and dropping off people until we hit SRo.  Ran off to Oasis Dock
and waited for the raft a bit, then sailed off to TD

In TD, I jumped off the raft and swam to the SE corner, nice comfy
AFK swim.  Then turned a bit north of due east and swam over to the
hidden oasis island, went to the far east inn, down thru the tunnel,
went to the far west end of the inner island and swam under and a bit north,

in to the hidden oasis.  One other guildmate there.

Logged to my alt and played around up on the moon while listening
to the guild chat channel.  An hour later, some of the people that ported
in with me, but waited on the ogre island for COTH or the boat finally
managed to get down there... always amazes me how long people
are willing to wait to "save time"

Logged back in to my cleric, formed in to groups.  Was told that
the traditional crap buff load no longer works, buffs are now
dispelled randomly.  I loaded up on crap as usual anyway, but
followed orders and buffed the rest of my party with just the "good
stuff" to save time.  During the fight I was fairly distracted, but
it sure looked to me as though buffs were taken down in normal
order, upper right to lower left, and that I still had all my good
buffs up most of the way thru.

Having done this a number of times, and with plans to go do Kael
after, people were in too big a hurry to get this over with.  Folks
were still shuffling around when the "Faydedar at the dock" call
came in, the MA was in my group and reports he didn't know
the dragon was up till after people started getting hurt.

I ran in and tried (as ordered) to stick my new Mark of Retribution.
No joy, two tries, and that's more mana than I care to waste on
that project.  I was standing atop Faydedar when I cast, so its
not the melee range issue, either he got lucky or has a good MR.

Then I started casting Heroic Bonds, as I was second cleric in my
group and not on MA duty... another variation from our normal
plan.  HB is a nice group heal for situations like this, once you
convince everyone in your party to get rid of Heroism or any
higher level HP buff they may have.

Everything went well for the first half the fight, then Fay aggroed on a
caster... who disobeyed orders and tried to run.  Suddenly things
are a mess, tanks can't maintain aggro, clerics start dying in
alphabetical order (other people too, but my eye really catches
the cleric deaths)  I go out of mana for real heals and am using my
Thrug pants, again as per orders but desperately inadequate to
the AOE.  Fay is nearly dead when he summons me and kills me
with one 82 point bite... apparantly the "heal the clerics" plan
was no longer in  force for the druid/shaman contingent....in
retrospect no surprise since they were all dead too.

Faydedar died.. with 3 members of the raid left standing.  One of
them luckily a cleric... not a one of us had camped out.  He resed
the Druid who was doing her epic, if there had been no cleric/paladin
survivor that would have been truely painful.  At any rate, we managed
a fairly rapid res session and all ported off to our respective
destinations,
fully aware that nothing but luck at the end had allowed us to prevail
and res up in good order.

Next time its full buffs, call the trigger before it happens and make sure
all group leaders report ready, and for Brell's sake if you get summoned
by Faydedar, don't move until he stops biting you... you know, the
plan we've followed successfully the past 5 times we've killed him!

Bergh Brelltender
54 Vicar, Morel Thule



