From -5614529305619236429
X-Google-Thread: fb739,eedaabbaef020a56
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "bcarshaman" <everquest@wiselogel.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Recruiting from your old guild.....opinions please
Date: Tue, 29 Jun 2004 16:18:18 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10e3n4u18hsq090@corp.supernews.com>
References: <a7kEc.77$2T2.68@fe2.columbus.rr.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 68
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:8295


"Fitpix" <David@delawarestudio.com> wrote in message
news:a7kEc.77$2T2.68@fe2.columbus.rr.com...
> I am in a family guild that does some raiding (Xana Rumble etc). Recently
we
> had a few leave, as is always the case w family guilds. We allowed those
who
> leave (with a few exceptions) to keep their alts with us so they can still
> enjoy the family atmosphere and help on raids when their new main guild
> isn't raiding. For the most part it has worked out. Last night however we
> had a 65 necro leave and his friend a high 50s druid also. Checking them
> with /w all revealed they immediately guilded with a former members guild.
> The former member admitted it and said he wanted to help out his new
guild.
> This former member also had alts in our guild, well....he DID at least but
> we took care of that and his forums access quickly. He had left under very
> good terms with us and it really ticked me off that he would do this. Now
of
> course we are looking at changing the policy of "leaving alts" now that it
> has bit us in the butt. Went 2 years without a worry then this.
>
> How would you have handled this?
>
> me
> an unnamed 64 beasty, officer in an unnamed guild  on an unnamed server
>
>

I'm a guildleader for a family style guild that is beginning to do some
little raids and events.  We have had several people take their mains and
move on to full raiding guilds and leave alts in our guild.  It's worked
fine for us in that when we need some extra firepower for epic battles, and
some of our raids, they can help out with a few uberish friends to help out.

I am under the impression that if I ever decided to join a raiding guild, I
would want to go to one that had someone that I knew from my guild in it.  I
would like to have the familiarity of the person that I already knew.  We
get uber stuff linked in guild chat all the time.  We enjoy seeing this
stuff, because I for one, will never see alot of that end game content as RL
won't allow me to be a part of mandatory or constant raiding guilds.

I am also of the belief that if someone deguilds and immediately joins
another guild, they were probably looking to leave anyway, and the fact that
another former member got them to join their new guild is not really a
problem.  If the first member to leave left on good terms, I don't see the
reason to de-guild his alts.  He can still recruit your members even if he
isn't in the guild.

Our guild did have somewhat of a number of our high level players begin to
leave to join raiding guilds awhile back.  Our officers got together and
determined that if that many people were leaving to raid, maybe we should
hold some raid type events ourselves.  We have begun a weekly or so
non-mandatory raid and it has helped, the guild members have begun to learn
to work together and we seem to be retaining members more.  Sure, we have
difficulty getting enough peeps on for our little raids to make sometimes,
we don't kill our targets, we waste alot of time trying to get buffed up and
ready.  BUT we are grouping together as a guild for a common goal, that's
all we can ask for as a family style guild.

Not sure that I answered you question, but maybe shed alittle light into my
thoughts, good, bad, or indifferent.

Bcarshaman
62 Epic Shaman
<Harbingers of Thanatos>
The Nameless




