From -1519066259874341612
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8794b521f253ffa6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-15 05:22:35 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Velious Factions
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <urf6qtgsnl56m17tn86p1e60eb2gms631j@4ax.com>
References: <tq51eubcl6eedc@corp.supernews.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 152
Date: Sat, 15 Sep 2001 12:22:32 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1000556552 24.3.225.40 (Sat, 15 Sep 2001 05:22:32 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 15 Sep 2001 05:22:32 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:118219

On Fri, 14 Sep 2001 17:29:28 -0500, "Ray Miller"
<kaynekayne@bigfoot.removethis.com> wrote:

>I know that faction is very important on the velious continent (moreso than
>anywhere else in the game).  But I'm having trouble finding information on
>it.  I've hesitating adventuring much there because I'm not sure who I
>should and should not attack and for what reasons.  Can anyone point me in
>the direction of some good solid information on Velious factions and/or give
>me a rundown?

KK

The immediate factions you encounter are frost giants. You kill them
and lose faction with various giants (of velious, specifically frost
type) and gain faction with the coldain dwarves (of thurg, mostly
blanket faction) and Claws of veeshan ( dragons of skyfire mostly
blanket faction.. also the outdoor dragons of velious such as Woushi
in Wakening lands)

What I mean by "mostly blanket faction" is that one faction nearly
covers it for all practical purposes. Both claws of veeshan and the
coldain are pretty much that way. 

In order to do the thurg armor quests and most quests involving thurg
you only need faction with the coldain. Once you zone into the throne
area the dwarves there are on the dain faction, which you may be
surprised to be glower dubiously by default to because it is a
different faction and really a bear to raise. There are only a few
quests you need to raise it for such as the last of the ring quests. 

You start out apprehensive to thurg so could really raise that faction
killing rank and file outdoor giants and doing quests.

In order to do the skyshrine armor quests you need claws of veeshan.
Most of the dragons you encounter in skyshrine are also on claws of
veeshan and you have to go very very very far in and past a maze and
then even farther in forever and ever to find the first ones on
Yelinek, the dragon king or whatever. So claws of veeshan is the only
one of concern to most people. 

Everyone starts out scowl to claws of veeshan I believe except players
with Veeshan as their god (I think only bards can do that) The ONLY
way to really raise claws of veeshan is directly raiding kael with
people, but this can really be done in one or two groups starting at
about level 50 or so. You will basically never raise claws of veeshan
only killing outdoor giants, it would take forever. However, one kael
raid, especially kiling some in and around the arena, will get you to
glower. Soon after getting glower dubious on subsequent kael raids you
will get to indiff.. kindly.. etc. My druid is now allied to Skyshrine
even in wolf form (lowers it by one) and I get the message "can't get
any higher with claws of veeshan". I have even killed the outdoor
dragons with my guild and lost that faction and still can't get any
higher.

At one time the quest armors in Skyshrine were on Yelinek faction
(king dragon) that made getting faction for them MUCH harder. Now they
are simply on cov which makes it very, very easy to get super allied.

In the very very uber high level game if you are in a super uber guild
you faction to the dain and yelinek might be of concern for the couple
quests you can do. The thing is the only way you can actually LOWER
those is by killing dragons or coldain dwarves. 

The giants are not a blanket faction and are harder to raise. They
consist of several faction groups in the city of Kael itself even.
There is a stone giant one, a frost giant one and King Tormax the
giant king. So to do many giant quests you have to to a lot more work
to be okay travelling in the city then to do the quests. Starting out
with a diety of Rallos zek helps this somewhat. In order to raise it
really you have to kill coldain AND kill creatures in skyshrine, one
which raises one giant faction and the other the other one ( I forget
which does which) Killing outdoor dragons as much as possible and
killing the bigger faction dwarves in icewell keep would be a good
idea also.

So you can see that really raising and keeping giant high is the most
challenging AND you will obliterate your faction in the other two
cities to do so. Meanwhile you can be allied to skyshrine and to the
coldain and use those cities while ONLY being kos to the giant city.

Due to this design most players will raid kael, obliterating giant
faction and raise skyshrine and the dwarves. Most people I know and my
guild have chosen that route and as I say we still kill outdoor
veliouis dragons when they are up from time to time, the faction hit
you get on the outdoor ones or western wastes ones are not very big.
You can't ever kill original brood good ones though, your cov faction
would be trashed then (but they are pretty dang uber anyway.. I'm sure
not at that point yet)

Because the drops for the dragon and kael armor quests drop in Temple
of Veeshan, guilds are always wanting to do it. More guilds, on my
server at least, want to do the quests for the tov drops (halls of
testing) so there is often a line or its already being done. For the
giant quests, at least on my server, the area is often open and not
being done. So depending on your server your uber guild may decide to
go giant quest just so they can do TOV more.

The skyshrine armor is really the best for druids and casters, having
the best stats that they use and (especially for druids) the best
resistences they are often missing. The kael armor may be more desired
by tanks since it is higher armor class. The difference in AC is not
that big though, many guilds agree that all the way around the
skyshrine stuff is the best but its a matter of preference (and again,
how many uber guilds on your server are already skyshrine and tripping
over each other in tov)


Various other factions don't matter a lot, such as the snowfang
gnolls, unless you are planning to do quests with them.

If you plan to do quests with the othmir (otter men in cobold scar)
killing walrus and ulthork in eastern wastes is a good idea to raise
that faction. They have a couple good quests including the lodizel
shell sheild (from lodizal the turtle thing in iceclad which is ultra
rare (possibly spawning once every 19 hours or so)) They also have a
quest for four ulthork tusks which used to always get you either a
blue diamond, blackened saphire, diamond or jacinith but now may
rarely get you one of those but more often a crystilized sulfur (junk)
or star rose quartz (junk). I think the quest was nerfed a bit and
they added that cryst sulfur and star rose quartz since at first I had
a friend who always got a bd or a diamond, as did I.

Eventually you may kill the othmir for xp, crustacean armor, quest
armor gems, or jollies! ;)  Killing walrus and ulthork man o' war
every so often can still keep that faction high even while doing so.

The tizmak (mino men) in great divide are their own faction and it has
no effect on anything else. Also they have no quests, so go nuts if
you want to.

In wakening lands, besides woushi (very bad if he is up and you don't
have good claws of veeshan and wander near his area by druid ring),
there are some Friendly to Giant faction mercenary types running
around with assignments. IF you are not friendly to giants you can
kill them and give the assignments to a guy in skyshrine to raise cov
more (quest) There are also some pog factioned creatures here which
you may be kill on sight with if an evil race. Generally killing much
here as a druid that is not already kos to you, is a bad idea.
Generally if its indiff or above to you as a druid or ranger it might
lower some factions you could want later on.

http://everquest.allakhazam.com

has more details about it.

The plane of growth portal is in wakening also, you never want to kill
or buff people in there if a druid or ranger as (especially as a
druid) you will lose factions you need to get your epic weapon.

Those are your basic intro velious faction concerns.

ydstephen@yhome.ycom   remove y's


