From 8059716524397252356
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1627e4d0350fb86
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-23 06:14:51 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!zeus.visi.com!news-out.visi.com!green.octanews.net!news.octanews.net!news-xfer.cox.net!peer02.cox.net!peer01.cox.net!cox.net!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!intern1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 23 Dec 2003 08:14:49 -0600
Date: Tue, 23 Dec 2003 09:14:47 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Dipping a Toe in LDoN
References: <vugdd8gk65eh5f@news.supernews.com>
In-Reply-To: <vugdd8gk65eh5f@news.supernews.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <0r6dnUFRCdNE0HWiRVn-gQ@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 103
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.201
X-Trace: sv3-eCzp8bJK9CuN1KQ0tobDZE00SK/64QMb3ZqZdo/Ex8joMYAHBStGWp8FkjmMG03Aa6qDpjKGnwwo9i6!BS3vq+MrqyOX+BPmtOGOkyMTwn4szGfM3mi052YkXa0EEvLYbko0OtslPSNjBzNhNcIHbJRsXN++
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13019



Jazz wrote:

> Ok, so I finally broke down and got the expansion. It had to happen. (I 
> also got ripped off on not getting the bag that's supposed to come with 
> it like a previous poster here, so it seems it's an ongoing problem.)
> 
> Couple of questions. I did the running around to get my adventurer's 
> stone on both my main (sorcerer) and my twink (25 cleric). I see that 
> there are magi at the various adventurer camps who can insta-port you to 
> the various LDoN dungeons, which is particularly nice for the cleric.
> 
> The only one I've gone to thus far is the one by the Shady Swashbuckler 
> in the EC tunnel. Is this the most easily and quickly accessible camp 
> from any of the PoK books? Or is there an even better one. (Not such a 
> big deal for the wizard, but for the cleric it's a concern.)
> 
Depends on your zoning time I think.  The Everfrost and Butcherblock 
camps are both in zones you arrive at directly from POK (Hallas and 
Kaladim, respectively), so if you zone slowly or worse, tend to crash 
while zoning, then those two are closer.  Of those two, I'd say 
Everfrost is closer and easier to get to, BB requires running a bit of a 
maze, while everfrost allows you to put down the numlock hammer and run 
a straight line once you get out of the glacier section.

I still use the EC one more often than any, I zone reasonably fast and 
don't crash on zoning very often these days, and the EC tunnel camp is 
unique in that there are no roamers wandering by that will aggro on you 
while you sit around AFK (or just while trying to buff up and  so on, 
nuisance mobs... which can be really annoying if you have nothing but 
buffs memmed).

Since you have the magus system, its easy to get to the rest; just tell 
a magus which zone you wish to go to and off you go.  Mark the locations 
of the camps on your maps so in the future you can run to any of them if 
you need to

You can also run to South Ro from the Grobb stone (which takes you to 
Innothule outside Gukta), but thats a tedious run/swim if you don't have 
levitation.

NRo is least accessible, you have to go WF, EF, NRo.. but even thats not 
a huge hardship.

Oh, and you can now go to Nedira's Landing (misspelled I think) 
apparantly, although I've yet to try that.



> Second, how low of a level do the LDoN adventures run? I mean to say, is 
> it worth it to try to get up an LDoN group for an adventure when you are 
> still in your twenties, or is it really more for higher levels? Both in 
> terms of xp, adventure points, and loot.
>
The adventures are designed for groups ranging from all level 20 to all 
level 65, in crappy gear to Plane of Time gear.  You all have to be 
within 7 levels of each other, and get assigned a mission based on your 
average level.  Mission difficulty goes in 5 level increments, so your 
group of all 20s will get the same mission as one of all 21, all 22, or 
all 23... but a group of 24 will get the same mission as a group of all 
27.  If you have good gear and a good group, taking a Hard mission will 
get you one for the next tier up; the group of all 20s on Hard will get 
same difficulty mission as the group of 24s (or 27s) on normal

The exp at the lower end of the scale (at least in the 30s thru early 
50s) is great stuff, although paladul may beat it.  At around 55 exp 
drops off suddenly, if you aren't doing Hard missions most classes would 
be better off soloing somewhere (and thats meant to say very little exp, 
as by "most" I include clerics)

The Adventure point income at the low end of the scale is abyssimal, 
though, you'll get One point at 20 for doing a normal mission... and 
finding anything worth spending points on is difficult even at 300 
points in a mission type!  Your milage may vary here, as whats "worth 
spending points on" is based on whats readily available for your class 
on your server for the kind of PP you can easily put your hands on.

Loot is about the same for all levels at least up thru mid 50s; you'll 
see on average two augments and two actual loot items; the augments are 
a nice bonus, a few points to one stat or one resist which you can apply 
to a piece of equipment you already own.  My mage is wearing over 50 
points in extra intelligence, making his admittedly sub par gear (I just 
don't try hard, gear matters little to a mage) a good deal better than 
it should be.  The loot tends to be sub par for your level, like 
anywhere else, the trick is to win the roll for it, then sell it and 
others like it to lower levels (to whom its good stuff for their level) 
and finance better gear for yourself.

Cash is nothing to write home about, but it does drop, between cash and 
selling the misc drop junk off  you won't be paid any less for your time 
than on any other average sort of exp grind; there are "cash camps" at 
any level which will put this pay to shame, but thats another matter.

> Are any of the particular types of adventures more advantageous for the 
> low level and/or for my level 61?

Having not played those classes or levels in LDoN, I really can't say. 
Mistmore and Guk apparantly have the highest undead populations, if that 
helps.

Splendid One, 56 Gnomage, Firiona Vie



