From 7245237375427677837
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c9e9afba232f6f29
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 17 Sep 2006 17:33:10 -0500
Date: Sun, 17 Sep 2006 18:33:07 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Boom Boom
References: <h4udnTW4aKX035DYnZ2dnUVZ_sOdnZ2d@dejazzd.com> <Xns9841657CA88C7rumbledorhotmailcom@216.196.97.142>
In-Reply-To: <Xns9841657CA88C7rumbledorhotmailcom@216.196.97.142>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <79WdnVaHdv27UJDYnZ2dnUVZ_tednZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 145
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.36.144
X-Trace: sv3-kSE7z1XtLBmpBhNoRa3u2bZXgx1SnEnnoAAJ7mwVX+SmraPu46Syr44scVxrmhJ58+c7/L8rTj2n/xA!148jKNhZTnYLrIwW6CsAgo3JyWZPvkV3/lvkq7UQDAlOhueoxpxDd6ps9Ff+VtT7pcBrdtFH0/2W!ObqYeSA6Iyw=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3910



Richard Carpenter wrote:

> Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com> wrote 

>>I gave up on my assigned duty of ST, at least for the trash mobs, 
>>figuring my DPS was a marginal contribution, instead I roamed around 
>>looking for adds and checking to see if they were mezzed.  The much 
>>maligned SK pet is ideal for this duty; tell him to attack and he'll 
>>inform you in no uncertain terms if the target is mezzed.  Find an 
>>unmezzed mob, I'd run over to it (following my skellie, another
>>benefit of the pet, he has no problem finding targets) and engage with
>>taunt and a no damage spell, then wait a bit to make sure someone
>>wasn't going to get around to mezzing it after all (once I learned
>>which types of mob were unmezzable I'd skip this part) before hitting
>>attack and adding on DOT type aggro spells.
> 
> 
> Just so I understand correctly, you were engaging mobs that weren't 
> moving into camp? After all, if they were moving, you would *know* they 
> weren't mezzed, right? Not criticising, just trying to get a handle on 
> your tactic. It seemed to me that if they were standing still, and 
> therefore maybe or maybe not mezzed, there wouldn't be any need to engage 
> them, as they would be no immediate threat. Or was the assumption that 
> they would be summoned into the fray soon enough?

This raid was not as well organized as you might imagine, nor am I as 
familiar with the job of offtank as I should be; essentially I came up 
with my own plan as to how to do the job, since it was clear it wasn't 
being done well at all; the cry "some tank come get this %t off of me" 
was heard several times early on in the raid.

The pullers were pulling mobs in to the middle of the raid and then 
FDing, which I don't imagine is the ideal plan, but what this meant was 
that the mobs were in amongst a crowd, often, and the principle way I'd 
pick them up would be via f8.  Actually spotting their location was a 
matter of searching for the (usually blue) glow of a target beneath 
them, in the middle of the crowd.

Yes, a moving mob was clearly an unmezzed one, this much is true.  But 
an unmoving mob might be chewing deliberately on the shaman who slowed 
him, or on the chanter who had tried to mez but failed, or on a cleric 
guilty of healing the tank who was picking on the mob's buddy.

Mobs which are standing still NOT hitting someone were also not secure; 
they might be stunned, or they might be rooted, or they might be casting 
a spell; lots of mobs in POG spend an inordinate amount of their time 
casting.

So, finding the mob, and then verifying if it was moving, and checking 
to see, if it wasn't moving, what it was doing, well thats certainly one 
way to approach the "is it mezzed or do I have to deal with it" 
situation.  Probably the only one a warrior offtank would have.  Or 
even, perhaps, a paladin.

As an SK, though, I have a much simpler one; as I pointed out: Target 
mob, tell pet to attack.  I get an instantaeous "is it mezzed" response, 
since my pet isn't a caster (don't try this with many mage pets, which 
might start casting on an unmezzed mob and not get the spell off till 
after mez lands [or does that fail?  If it fails, never mind this 
parenthetical caveat]) he never breaks mez.

Also, a mob which isn't mezzed is not necessarily an unmezzable mob; its 
possible that the chanters just haven't seen it yet, or that its managed 
to resist but that a later cast will land.  So if I rush over and 
engage, or better still cast a nice little DOT to get it to rush over to 
me, I might be breaking a mez that lands seconds after I start.

With better information, much of this could be avoided.  But we're 
operating in zones that have reverted, often only partially, to old 
school versions of the current ones, many times we encounter mobs that 
are only found in the Mob Graveyard on Allakhazam, and its difficult to 
say to what degree rules changes and revamps have affected them, not to 
mention the fact that for the most part getting factual information on 
mobs out of a user built database like Alla is iffy at best even on 
current mobs.

Better communication would help too; if for example I were grouped with 
the puller, I'd be able to watch him coming in so I'd know where the 
mobs were coming from and when.  At least the MT was doing something 
helpful; he had one key that announced which target he was going to 
engage, and then a second calling for assist when he was ready for the 
raid to join in.  But thats not as helful as it might be, when often the 
adds are named the same as the official target.  Or if enchanters would 
call out the unmezzable targets as they found them, so we could assist 
them and tank mez, instead of just searching on our own.  I'm sure other 
things will occur to you, if not to me.

Raid leadership abilities won't be in the game for months yet, or being 
able to see what the MT has targetted would be very helpful.

Better pulling tactics; bringing the mobs out in front of the raid 
instead of into its heart, coming in from a predicatable direction 
instead of willy nilly, having the pullers and MT learn which mobs are 
unmezzable and select them first instead of engaging mezzable mobs and 
leaving the unmezzable ones to wreak havoc.

There's a lot of ground to cover, but the guild is young and is still 
working on even more basic concepts like "wait for assist to be called 
before you engage"


> I can't count the number of times I've died with an unused HT. Being of 
> the mindset to keep it banked for when I *really* need it, I often just 
> forgot to use it at all. :P
>  
Exactly, I can deal out a HT every 70 minutes or whatever it is, in 
theory, but in practice I deal one out every couple days.  I don't want 
to be without it for 69 minutes, after all.  So I use it so rarely that 
when I -should- use it, I'm not thinking about it.  I'm busy looking for 
one more lifetap, or hoping the healer will get enough mana to put me 
back on my feet before I die, or that the mob will turn and run any 
second now or... bah I'm dead.

I remember a raid leader in a guild I was in years ago used to say, as 
part of her warmup speech before every raid: And Knights, die if you 
must, but don't die without using your LOH or your HT!  Its only just 
now coming back to me, and becoming clear why this reminder had to be 
made and what it really meant.
> 
> Nice. I remember a time that the HT timer wasn't reset upon death. Made 
> it all the more difficult to pull the trigger on it unless *absolutely* 
> necessary.
> 
You know, come to think of it, I remember it that way too, and hadn't 
paid enough attention to the fact that it now is.  I think I've had the 
gut feeling that if I use it and then die, its still used up.

My principle use of HT now is when I'm soloing, trying a mob that turns 
out to be too hard for me; I give it the HT bomb and then check to see 
if thats turned the tide before I surrender to the inevitable, FD, and 
wait till it forgets about me.  Either way, thats a mob I can't handle 
unless I can somehow improve my position, because I won't have HT 
available for a long time.

In a group, it rarely comes down to HT time; either we can handle the 
mob without it, or we're so far away from being able to handle it that 
one little HT isn't going to seal the deal; then, its a last ditch thing 
to do if I'm about to die, not hoping it will save me, but just because 
I might as well, its just going to refresh on death anyway.

I wonder if LOH gives paladins the same fits.

Berg, 60 SK, Combine


