From -5929625664631330150
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4cfaa984b14ec816,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 15 Jan 2007 00:22:33 -0600
Date: Mon, 15 Jan 2007 01:22:26 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.9 (Windows/20061207)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Charger
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <IrudnfU9P640gDbYnZ2dnUVZ_o2vnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 92
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.23.48
X-Trace: sv3-WGGyrfk1oXvKC6JBs0kMrBIjgaW6iiSV/T4tDwbwM+jG8Zqrtmy6VSMc6qDn81MfzWzSEbCVNd5tWX9!JHWaQsQ3XSutGl7hNGE99unMADPykW3EYHAN1xDyp8sg8l8C97iNU2TFuEndh1jFW6TSQVeX6nrE!qeZp2Z6uMw==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:4932

I know, I swore I wasn't going to buy this one... but what can I say. I 
don't always do the most sensible thing, or would I be gnome SK in the 
first place?

That said, sometimes there are unexpected benefits as well as unexpected 
additional difficulties. As a gnome, I don't need a shrink and I can see 
thru walls... but I have trouble climbing high steps like moving from WL 
to EW thru Kael.

So I bought the pony. Had 5 aa from a relatively short session in Paw 
and just plunked em down.

Only mounts I've had before this are the very cheapest ones, the 8K 
pony, the 9k drogmar. I bought them on those characters for one simple 
reason; mana regen. Stand stationary on a mount with attack turned off, 
you count as sitting for regen, but standing for aggro and for taking 
damage.

On my cleric, this meant mana regen while casting spells like CHeal, and 
less aggro. On my mage, it meant I could use clicky items like boots of 
bladecalling while casting and regen mana. My shaman would literally let 
himself get beat on with attack off, regenning more than enough mana to 
keep himself in Stoicism while his pet did the damage.

None of those are practical tactics for an SK. So, waste of AA, right?

Plus those cheap ponies are slower than run 3, and suffer from annoying 
movement issues, acceleration and deceleration and turning radii and the 
bumpy movement and LOS issues, and they take time to conjure up even if 
you have the drum or bridle equipped. Stupid for an SK, frankly.

The AA pony is worlds better than that 8kpp one, though. For one thing, 
it summons instantly. For another, its Selos fast, and not level 5 bard 
with a hand drum selos either; I'm competitive with a 65 bard with 
decent drum but not a lot of points into their faster selos AA. LOS 
issues have been removed since I last played a horse type mounted 
character. Movement too is relatively smooth, a little stutter like 
riding your car over cobblestones, not the seasickness I remember from 
cheap drogmars.

Whats not to like, then? Well, for one thing, the AA mount is too fast, 
I end up spending a lot of time stuck in trees and building projections, 
to navigate tunnels and the like I have to give short bursts of speed 
and then coast to steer. That coast to steer thing is part of the 
problem I had with the cheap mounts, only multiplied, those mounts were 
like walking on ice with AA horse, its like Selos on ice.

For another, you can't fly DOWN. This is astonishingly annoying; I 
generally live with bobbing corpse on, but I frequently have to click it 
off to use my mount since I have to get down to the tunnel entrance and 
stay off the ceiling to make it thru places like the DL tunnel.

For another, acceleration is slow; on a short race a bard will beat me 
every time because they go full speed from dead start, I have to get 
moving slowly. If I click on the mount while running (its instant, so I 
can) my move rate plummets from full run 3 or SOW or whatever down to a 
walk and only then gradually increases to my full speed. Smack into a 
tree, or get stunned by a mob, and again I'm starting out from a dead 
stop, stroll walk run jet speed

I have practiced moving around for a few days now, and I'm getting 
better at it, but its definitely a skill to learn.

I've also discovered that the mount gives a pretty serious amount of 
"safe fall" type resistance to fall damage. I've managed to take a few 
200+ hp falls but for the most part, I can run anywhere over any 
reasonable terrain (including charging full speed across GD) without 
taking even a single point of damage and without bobbing corpse on.

Hidden benefits for the SK:

Swapping spells. I have my normal lineup of spells, but often I want to 
swap in a buff like banshee aura or augmentation of death. On a mount, I 
can do this while being beat upon, I'm not sitting, so I don't get 
instantly hit for max damage, instead I'm only interrupted by a stun or 
the like.

Ninja AFK. Particularly when soloing, I often determine that I'm going 
to win a fight without doing anything further; now I can walk away from 
the computer and come back to find that the mob is dead and I've entered 
meditation mode... normally, if I did this, I'd come back still 
standing, but on a mount, dead mob means I stop attacking, so I qualify 
for 'sit' regen.

Formerly mounted you didn't get sitting HP regen, only mana regen, I 
don't know if this remains true, but with OOC regen, both hold at a 
steady rate even if pool sizes are radically different.

Berg, 65 SK, Combine

ps thought I'd add that my spell checker suggested Frogmarched as an 
alternative to Drogmar.  Well I guess they do both contain 'ogmar'.


