From 3982559730883943932
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c848329d6c3be9f7,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-18 11:08:00 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: An Interesting Challenge
Date: Thu, 18 Oct 2001 14:07:29 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3BCF1A61.E1378444@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 45
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:127495

The "Did I Screw Up?" thread got me thinking about something. (Yes,
you'd have to be pretty damned bored to do this, but even if you don't
want to actually try it, it would still be fun to plan out how you'd do
it.)

I'm trying to imagine what I would do if I logged on to find my 51 troll
warrior totally naked, without a copper to his name and nothing in the
bank. No possessions whatsoever.  And worse, that all my friends and
guildmates were gone. Fact is, I know enough 50 to 60 warriors that I
could probably be pretty well outfitted in the first couple hours, but
what if that wasn't an option? What would I do, and how long would it
take me to get back to what I would consider "fairly well equipped" for
my level? What would you do, and how long do you think it would take?

I'm thinking that, assuming I was in some newbie area (say... W. FP) I'd
start looking around for decaying skeletons carrying a cracked staff.
Two of those and I could at least do some damage. I think I'd skip over
any leather or netted armor, etc. and just head over to Najena. Even
naked with two cracked staffs (staves?) I think I could handle those
ogres pretty easily, though the fight might last a while. A few hours in
there and I could outfit myself in most of a set of large bronze. I'd be
looking ahead to doing all crafted armor quests again, but the gems cost
money, so I'd keep any duplicate pieces of large bronze I got and try to
sell them on my way out to the young ogres and trolls in Oasis.

If I hadn't found any better weapons yet, I'd go somplace where at least
fine steel drops. Maybe a quick stop in SK to visit the hermit. He was
always quite helpful in having some FS on hand. With bronze and FS
weapons, I *think* I could solo a sand giant, if not the lower level HGs
in Rathe. That would be the cash cow source to try to save up to buy
some sort of upgraded magical weapons, plus assure gem money. Then a
long, tiresome trip around Norrath to pick up all the pieces for the
crafted quest. That's probably three nights of playing right there.
*sigh*.

Then some time killing greenies in CoM for a few days, I might pick up
some usable weapons, or some stuff I could sell/trade in auction for
good gear to get me back up to a "reasonable" level of equipage.

Hrmm... almost worth trying. That could be fun. 
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"Trapped in time. Surrounded by evil. Low on gas."
-- anonymous


