From 4015544882223909996
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: 1042ac,d84bfd74a87a082c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid1042ac,public
X-Google-Thread: f52e8,d84bfd74a87a082c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidf52e8,public
X-Google-Thread: 1082f5,d84bfd74a87a082c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid1082f5,public
X-Google-Thread: fee76,d84bfd74a87a082c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfee76,public
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d84bfd74a87a082c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-13 17:14:30 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!paloalto-snf1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!enews.sgi.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.mb.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "John Savard" <jsavard@ecn.ab.SBLOK.ca.nowhere>
Newsgroups: soc.culture.usa,misc.writing,rec.games.chess.misc,soc.men,alt.games.everquest
Subject: Ashcroft: "Powder your Mail"
Lines: 130
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Message-ID: <YM4y7.41834$5r4.12366012@news1.rdc1.mb.home.com>
Date: Sun, 14 Oct 2001 00:13:44 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.108.135.121
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.mb.home.com 1003018424 24.108.135.121 (Sat, 13 Oct 2001 17:13:44 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 13 Oct 2001 17:13:44 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com soc.culture.usa:192335 misc.writing:107281 rec.games.chess.misc:29521 soc.men:167701 alt.games.everquest:126171

........................................................................................
.........................

Ashcroft Urges Calm and New Mailing Procedures

(CNN) -- Attorney General John Ashcroft is urging all Americans to remain calm in light
of the latest round of Anthrax attacks.

"It is imperative that Americans not alter their usual work habits and daily living.
This is what the terrorists want to accomplish. We must overcome any fear that we have
about the events of the past month", Ashcroft said.

Mr. Ashcroft then added a radical proposal for accomplishing his objective.

"I have had long discussions with experts in the Federal Bureau of Investigation
Behavioral Sciences Unit and they and I have reached some conclusions based on what has
occurred and upon the options available to us", Ashcroft said. He continued, "I am
urging all Americans whenever they send a piece of mail whether a letter or package to
sprinkle some kind of powder inside before sealing it. It could be talcum power or foot
powder."

Mr. Ashcroft acknowledged that this might sound alarming to some but insisted that it
was the only option.

"America is too vast to police the mail. The entire system would come to a halt. The
only way to defeat the terrorists is to make these letters and packages with quote
'powdery substances' obsolete in terms of causing a panic. To do this the Behavioral
Science Experts have determined that the only way to accomplish this task is to make
such mail ubiquitous."

Mr. Ashcroft insists that all Americans must take part in this as part of their
patriotic duty.

"If you love this great nation of ours, if you cherish your freedom then please before
you seal an envelope to mail sprinkle some powder inside." Ashcroft said.

Nevada letter tests positive for anthrax

Nevada Gov. Kenny Guinn announced Saturday that a suspicious letter mailed to a
Microsoft subsidiary in Reno, Nevada, tested positive for anthrax.

He said six people have been identified who may have had contact with the envelope.

Guin said health officials believed there was a low risk of exposure to the bacteria,
even though it had tested positive.

A Sony spokeswoman dismissed Saturday the likelihood that a Sony Pictures employee who
was taken to a hospital after he opened a package containing a powder was exposed to
anthrax.

The employee was admitted to Brotman Medical Center in Culver City, California, for
blood tests but was sent home shortly thereafter, the Sony spokeswoman said. (Full
story)

The man's name was not released.

The Culver City Fire Department showed up at Sony's Culver City studios to test the
substance but could find no powder, the spokeswoman said. Authorities anticipate the
blood test will prove negative, she added.

Culver City Police Lt. Dave Tankenson said the man opened an envelope at the studios
Friday evening. "When he opened it, he took an item out and got a white powdery
substance on his hands," Tankenson said.

Concerned, the man went to the studio's medical clinic. Officials there contacted the
police and fire departments, Tankenson said. Authorities could not explain what happened
to the powder.


Meanwhile, a business-size envelope containing a suspicious white powder and addressed
to NBC "Nightly News" anchorman Tom Brokaw was opened by a woman staff member who later
tested positive for cutaneous (skin) anthrax infection, authorities said Friday.

The FBI immediately launched a criminal investigation. NBC said the woman is in good
condition and is expected to recover. The suspicious substance has been tested three
times and found negative for anthrax. Officials are looking for a different source of
the infection.

Health officials tested more NBC employees for anthrax Saturday. (Full story)

A suspicious substance was also found Friday in a letter to a New York Times reporter,
but a spokeswoman for the company said preliminary tests of the substance were negative
for anthrax.

Anthrax is not contagious among humans, and skin anthrax is more treatable and not as
serious as the inhaled form of the disease, according to Health and Human Services
Secretary Tommy Thompson.

Latest developments

. Vice President Dick Cheney, in an interview on PBS' "The NewsHour With Jim Lehrer,"
noted that the terrorist manuals associated with Osama bin Laden instruct his followers
on "how to deploy these kinds of substances." "When you start to piece it all together,
and again we haven't finished the investigation and maybe it is coincidence, but I must
say I'm a skeptic," Cheney said. "I think the only responsible thing for us to do is to
proceed on the basis they could be linked." (Full story)

. A source close to the NBC investigation said the letter threatened attacks against
several American cities. The nature of the attacks threatened could not be learned.

. The FBI said the envelope sent to The New York Times (Full story) was postmarked from
St. Petersburg, Florida, and had similar handwriting. Earlier, the bureau said there was
no evidence linking the case to another case in Florida in which three people were
exposed and one died. In that case, the FBI's interviews with employees of American
Media Inc. in Boca Raton, Florida, continue through the weekend.

. In Colorado, a suburban Denver hospital reopened Friday afternoon when officials
determined four postal workers who were exposed to a powder posed no threat to others.

. In Washington, the State Department told employees there appeared to be no cause for
concern after a white powder was found in an office that deals with congressional
correspondence. A State Department official told CNN the area had been secured and no
evacuations were considered necessary.

. FBI and hazardous materials squads were dispatched to the State Department's Foreign
Service Institute in Arlington, Virginia, on Friday to investigate a suspicious
substance, a State Department official told CNN. The official said that State Department
security officers, the FBI counterterrorism team and the Arlington Fire Department were
called after a white powdery substance was found.

. In an apparently unrelated case, a senior State Department official told CNN that
Defense Department teams found evidence of anthrax on a routine search of Soviet-era
scientific research facilities in Kazakhstan. The search was part of an ongoing program
to help reduce the threat of weapons of mass destruction in regions of the former Soviet
Union.

John Savard
http://plaza.powersurfr.com/jsavard/index.html




