From 3368521376389256594
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b5bad1afcfde1d79,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 17 Sep 2006 10:02:48 -0500
Date: Sun, 17 Sep 2006 11:02:45 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Torpor and me
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <I6-dncSTzaIF_pDYnZ2dnUVZ_uudnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 150
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.36.144
X-Trace: sv3-MAyQF79gDGUXDdyJ0hu33+sHLh8kCab6l+IBu/BJeQSYt+3V9YWjfFzYs6qebwkPYOntUOugs+V2lXt!lwnZYWIdQTbvCDltzMkI8uMu+AHEOQUBZLFho19PTVmC8hFg5Emv2guxSntAtcoTsu2mhn2ajT6r!TfqbYS3ecek=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3905

I've become buddies with a couple of shaman in my guild, and we spent a 
lot of time fighting in SF, as early on I convinced them that we could 
take down Guardian Wurms with their slow, my tanking, and just about any 
DPS help.

SF being a Hot Zone, its among the best exp on the combine server, not 
only during the Kunark era, but even now, with Velious open.

Meanwhile, spells drop, far more often than in most zones.  And early 
on, Pearlescent Fragments for our clerics (although they all have their 
pearls now, and in fact most pearls rot despite calling them out in OOC 
to the zone)

Among the spells that drop is Torpor.  Previously, in another guild, I'd 
literally seen three Torpors drop in three weeks.  But for some reason, 
we had no luck with the thing ourselves.

Another guild group got one to drop about a week ago, and gave it to the 
guild leader to hold; she'd announced she'd award it to the first shaman 
to reach 60.  This meant a friendly competition between my two shaman 
friends, and it meant a lot of work for me, whenever either was on, if 
there wasn't a raid, I was in SF with them and any other guildmates we 
could scare up, trying to spawn GW's and kill them.

When both were on, well, then we all three grouped, despite the fact 
that this meant neither was getting ahead in their race to 60.

Well a three days ago, Torpor finally dropped, while I was grouped with 
the shaman who was falling behind in the race.   We kept this a secret, 
but got the guild leader to give him her copy as well, so the next day, 
when we were all three grouped together again and the leading shaman 
dinged 60 (an hour or so after I did), he was able to hand it to her 
immediately as a surprise.  She'd purchased Canni IV, and he'd been 
handed it by a guildmate who got it as a drop.

We played around with torpor a bit, Canni IV and torpor are most 
obviously a great mana regen combo, but it also lets a shaman tank a 
slowed mob while her pet does the damage.  Its a slow and a snare as 
well as a HOT, but its vastly more efficient than SHeal, and if you need 
  lots of healing, you can Torpor and then chain Sheals.

 From my experience with Torpors' little cousin Stupor, I knew about 
most of this already.  And from my experience as an SK, I had a pretty 
good idea of what this might mean to me.

Normally, you avoid casting Torpor on a Main Tank, because the slow 
drops his DPS down and that interferes with his ability to hold aggro. 
Its use is reserved for down time and for casters and maybe for melee 
who aren't actually tanking.

But an SK is a funny thing.  For one thing, my DPS simply isn't all that 
much, particularly in Combine gear.  For another, literally half my DPS 
comes from my much maligned skelly pet, from one round to another, he 
outdamages me half the time.  So, slow ME down, you only lose part of my 
half of my DPS, the pet keeps working full bore, and you really haven't 
lost all that much.

At the same time, Aggro, the principle reason MT's don't like torpor, 
isn't so much, for me, a matter of my DPS as it is taunting, my spell 
casting, and my procs.

The taunt button pops back up when it pops back up, regardless of 
haste/slow.

Spell casting isn't affected by haste or slow either.

Proc rate, studies have shown, is independant of haste/slow; generally 
if you proc, on average, ten times in five minutes, you'll do so whether 
you are at nominal delay, wearing your haste gear, wearing gear and 
buffed to the cap, geared buffed and bard overhasted... or Slowed.  On 
average, ten times in five minutes is ten times in five minutes no 
matter what.

So I still proc just as often as ever, I can still cast same as ever, 
and I still have taunt available as needed just as often as ever; Torpor 
barely affects how well I can do the job of holding aggro at all.

Actually, the biggest problem with Torpor is the snare; its really 
noticable, I move forward at a walk, and can barely back up at all.  On 
summoning mobs, this is a pain because from time to time, even though 
I'm in melee range, they summon me anyway, pulling me forward to where 
I'm no longer facing them; positioning so the rest of the team is behind 
the mob becomes difficult.  Normally, I'd just back up to get position 
back under control, but now I have to turn, move forward slowly, then 
spin back around.  Thats a pain.

And if the mob runs and I don't have a good snare on them, they 
sometimes can outrun me... I normally use Clinging Darkness as its cheap 
and fast casting and sufficiently effective, but with Torpor, I found I 
had to move up to Engulfing in order to be able to stay on the mob. 
With sufficient force in the team, but no Clarity, I stick with 
Clinging, and just sit down and let the team finish off the runner if 
I'm Torpor'd.

Going from 59 to 60 as an SK didn't mean a lot; a lifetap thats 25% 
bigger, a haste for my pet thats not as good as a real haste caster 
could lay on (I'm spoiled by the mage Burnout line, which is always 
better than any caster you group with is likely to be able to buff your 
pet with) a debuffing DOT that doesn't seem to make a noticable effect 
on combat any more than the previous ones did, and of course a bump in 
HP and AC, but not one that is all that huge.

But bumping the Shamen up to 60 AND simultaneously giving them the rare 
drop Torpor spells we'd been working on for weeks, that was huge.

First thing yesterday morning, that shaman and I got together in SF, 
where I'd observed two GW's up.  We duo'd them one after the other, with 
a relatively brief pause in between while canni IV and Torpor brought 
her mana back up quickly.  We'd tried this before, at 58 and 59, and 
failed miserably; mana would run out and even with canni III and me 
blowing my whole bar on lifetaps we just didn't have enough healing to 
keep me alive long enough for our relatively low DPS to do the job of 
killing a GW.  With Torpor and Canni IV in the kit bag, we were 
finishing the fights with 50% or more in our mana pools.

Got to the raid, and found the other shaman had stayed online after I'd 
finally had to leave for bed; he had his Torpor as well, and Focus to 
boot; I was there a few days earlier when it had dropped off Lodizal.

The raid leader, though, did something that spoiled my Torpor dreams for 
the day; he put both shaman in his group, and a cleric in mine. 
Admittedly  I was the nominal ST for the raid, but in practice I was 
principle offtank.  The cleric spent much of his time healing out of 
group, much of my healing was accomplished by my own lifetaps, and by my 
shaman friends throwing me a.... SHeal.

Yes, SHeal. Something I'd forgotten from my earlier years with Stupor; 
these spells can be cast only on group members.  Too much opportunity to 
mess with people by slowing and snaring them, I guess.

So I never got one torpor the whole raid.  Not even when I was 
offtanking an add when we got jumped while rezzing a total raid wipe, 
and the shaman were practically the only healers there with any mana.

Oh I still benefitted from it, in that with canni IV and torpor the 
shaman had tons more mana than they would have otherwise.

But when it really looked like a wipe, being grouped with one would have 
made all the difference; meanwhile, they were both in ONE group, and 
Torpor doesn't stack, so even if they were using it on their tank, we 
weren't getting the full benefit of having them both with the spell; 
worse, he wasn't tanking anything, so if they were casting it on him, 
they were reducing his main contribution, such as it was, which was his DPS.

Hopefully I can get this rectified in the future, because I'm pretty 
sure I'm right about it being an ideal solution to the Offtank job and 
insufficient clerics; I can do that job just fine with a shaman healer 
even in an era where the famous Incomplete Heals don't exist yet.

Berg, 60 SK, Combine


