From 1622031534711508700
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e0249015ffd71329
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-05-13 05:30:01 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.online.be!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: New Necro, Jazz, Rastus?
Date: Mon, 13 May 2002 08:21:41 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3CDFAFD5.DFAA916A@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <slrnadv10n.2in.sui@black.hole-in-the.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 103
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:194746

Suineko wrote:
> 
> OMFG. I started a new necro. You want to talk chimp with uzi,
> I am currently chimp with... well, chimp, lobotomy and more
> chimpiness to spare.

I'm probably a poor person to ask. My necro is currently languishing at
level 26, having been shelved in favor of my ressurected wizard. I'm
sure we have some high level necros here, but damned if I can think of
one with only one cup of coffee this morning. Georg can at least chime
in with more help than I, because her necro is now just about level 32
and she's more current on playing it. But, I'll try...

> Pat and I are playing a Necro/Chanter pair and my pet is the
> most imbecelic retarded moronic brain dead piece of evil
> crap I have ever had the misfortun... /pet GET LOST!

Yes, pets can be annoying. But as you come to live with them longer and
longer, you get used to their little bits of idiocy and become more able
to predict it. In some cases you can even use these things to your
advantage. Just stick with it.
 
> lol ;) Ok, it may be something to do with me. How the
> hells do you control what a pet fights and get it to leave
> something alone?

There will be certain situations where you just can't. (Short of killing
the pet, of course.) But basically the pet is guarding you unless you
are using the /pet guard here.  Bottom line, though, is that the pet is
going to come 'a running to attack anything that attacks you. Unless
(again) old Jabobber is guarding "here", in which case it's going to
attack the first thing coming within aggro range of "here" which *would
have* attacked you, had you been "here". Once the fight starts, you are
best off just letting him keep wailing on his opponent. Changing targets
in the middle of a pet fight can be an exercise in frustration and/or
death.
 
> I can hammer /pet back off and of course, before mez can
> land he'll get smookered and rengage.

Yep. They are pesky like that. Defend you to the death, they will.
Trying to do crowd control with a pet around can be a nightmare. You'll
quickly find out exactly how unwelcome you will be with enchanters in
dungeon groups if you cast a pet down there. But remember, that pet will
take a bullet for you in above ground and/or solo encounters more times
than you can imagine, allowing you to scurry away and living to fight
another day, all for the cost of a single bone chip.
 
> I can /pet kill on a mob in the crowd, fear it to seperate
> it out so Pat can mez the remains and what does it do? It stops
> attacking that one and turns on the friend left behind still
> happily beating on it.

This I have not seen. Can you be more specific? Usually, once the pet is
engaged, if you are standing back directing traffic, the pet should stay
on the first target.
 
> Is there ANY way to get this thing to behave with a semblance
> of sanity or should I just treat it as a "oops I overnuked"
> guard, let Pat mez everything and set about playing cleric
> with death pact, lifetaps and Dark empathy? (or whatever
> its called) setting my pet loose only once everythings under
> control?

Jabobber will never act with any degree of sanity. If you are in a
group, or even a duo, believe it or not you may often want to fight
without your pet and use your other strengths. Georg's necro, Tarre,
groups with my wizard a lot now. She rarely casts a pet, and we have
little in the way of crowd control compared to your Chanter buddy. We
just pull with one of my nukes, snare, root, dot, dot, sit, nuke. For
the ones that just act unsnareable and un-nukable, we take turns with
the dots and nukes and ping pong them around. Pet's seem to be almost a
requirement for soloing, but they can be considered optional in many
grouping situations and you can still be effective. In other grouping
scenarios, as mentioned above, they can be a serious handicap and are
best left home.
 
> I dont wanna watch the crowd smooshing the hapless chanter,
> I want to help and pull some away, but every time I try
> I seem to get myself killed ;)

Well, let's face it... it's not like you're grouped with a tank. ;-) 
And while you necros have some impressive battle stats for an INT
caster, you're not a tank either. If it's going to come down to mistakes
where you and the chanter are bare-knuckling it out with the mobs, I'm
betting on the mobs.
 
> I solo fine btw, then I just let the pet smack whoever it likes
> and fear the others away, its coordinating with the 'chanter
> thats giving me the heebie jeebies.

Yep. But when you find a strategy that works, you'll be golden. We ran
into a few problems initially with the necro/wizard duo, but once the
kinks are worked out, it rarely goes south.  Good luck, and hopefully
others can provide you with more specific help.


-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"An army of sheep led by a lion would defeat an army of lions led by a
sheep."
-- Arab proverb


