From -8448134395589819470
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4cd07fdada58f965
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-28 11:32:10 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news0.telusplanet.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <b15s52$5fd$1@newsg3.svr.pol.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Patch Message 28th January 2003
Lines: 147
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <YUAZ9.21171$dd1.903433@news0.telusplanet.net>
Date: Tue, 28 Jan 2003 19:32:08 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: news0.telusplanet.net 1043782328 216.232.78.121 (Tue, 28 Jan 2003 12:32:08 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 28 Jan 2003 12:32:08 MST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:261145


"Adam" <adam@nospamrightyarn.fsbusiness.co.uk> wrote in message
news:b15s52$5fd$1@newsg3.svr.pol.co.uk...
>
> - Further optimizations to reduce bandwidth and 'lag'.  It is difficult to
> describe the value of this change, but it should show a noticeable
> improvement for many.  We've also resolved many of the hit point update
and
> movement issues that occurred recently.

    You mean like mobs warping all around the place like ping pong balls on
speed? Or my casting a heal on a tank and watching his HPs DROP because of
update times? Or is the HP thing in reference to players dying, but still
showing at 15% health in the group window?

> - Made an improvement to the animation code that may reduce the slight
> delays that can occur when a new player enters a zone.

    I didn't see any change the last time they said they did this. I doubt I
will now.

> - Spells on spell book pages 33 to 50 can now be deleted for those who
were
> having troubles.

    Couldn't you have just moved them to a page between 1 and 32, then
deleted them?

> - Players should no longer get out of range message when trying to target
a
> player on a horse just because the horse has moved a little (but is still
in
> range).

    And I'd just trained people who wanted heals to not use them. I wonder
if they fixed the most recent bug I saw? Someone was on horseback, and did
some funky combination of going LD and zoning through a PoK book at the same
time. The result was their mount, with no rider, being left as a separate
NPC standing beside the PoK portal to The Nexus until the next patch.

> - Corrected an issue in Fungus Grove that was allowing some ranged attacks
> to land unnoticed by NPCs.

    /chuckle

> - Sha's Advantage and Savagery are now available on vendors in the Plane
of
> Knowledge.

    Yay, no more BST complaints to go do the Elder Thought Horrors in The
Deep!

> - Spirit of Snow and Spirit of Flame will be dropping more frequently now.

    And sometime during next expansion we might put them on a vendor, like
we did other BST spells this patch!

> - Merchant's Crate of Supplies will now fit into containers that can hold
> giant-sized items.

    I wondered about that when I was levelling my ENC from 35 to 39 on that
quest. The Crate was flagged as Giant, but wouldn't fit in her Deluxe Sewing
Kit (can hold giant-sized items). Running the quest was faster with the
Crate left in a base inventory slot anyways, so I never bothered to /bug it.

> - Crypt Master's Conjuring Stone is now more valuable to NPC vendors, and
> they will not sell it as cheaply as they did in the past.

    Heh, anything with a useful effect is getting the vendor recharge trick
nerfed. Just leave my Larrikan's Mask alone! Eeep, now they know about it!!

> - Hanns Krieghor will no longer grant faction increases just by talking to
> him.

    One NPC down, three to go.

> - Corrected a bug in the Bazaar that caused price changes made by traders
to
> only affect one stack of the same item.

    I saw that one, too. I'd change the price on the six identical cloaks I
had for sale, and only one cloak would get the price change. If you went all
the way out of trader and back in, the price change took effect on all six.
It was actually a nice feature - I could price a specific number of cloaks
at a lower price to beat the competition, and keep the rest at a higher
price to avoid competitor buyout. I also found that if I could gauge the
market for the day, I could set it up so the competition would be gone just
as the low-priced stuff sold out and I'd automatically be selling at the
higher price. I'd be happy if they could take that bug and turn it into a
feature that could be toggled on and off.

> - Target Group Buff and the AA ability Mass Group Buff can no longer be
used
> with levitate spells to push traders out of their stalls in the Bazaar.

    That web page with the obnoxious trader being levitated, pushed into the
arena, and killed as he slept was still pretty funny, though! I wonder when
they'll disable the arena in The Bazaar? It's pretty much unusable with the
traffic in the zone now.

    Snip a million minor NPC issues that should have been fixed ages ago.

> - Old Gourdhead should no longer be disliked by the other natives of Misty
> Thicket (fixed a faction bug).

    Was Old Gourdhead the scarecrow-model NPC that was never up because
everything in Misty would kill him when he popped? Yeah, great design there.
=/

> - The Muglwump will show up less frequently now.

    I wonder if this means he has a longer spawn time, or a PH? The named
mobs in The Warrens generally don't have a PH, so it's presumably the
former. Was his amazing No Drop loot being farmed? =/

> - Dark Huntress in Mistmoore will now use the correct model and is on the
> correct faction.

    Will she go back home after she's aggro'ed, or will she continue to
ravage the entire zone while people who are appropriate to hunt there get
steamrolled?

> - Corrected the models for elementals in the Plane of Earth.

    Wonder if they fixed the ring events in Plane of Earth so they don't
randomly stop? Or finish, with no results? Or the named mobs with no drops?
Or....

> - NPCs in the "pit" area of Plane of Tactics will now respawn properly.

    Drat. There was a perverse pleasure in destroying an XP spot by killing
Rallos Zek.

> - Beard color selection now works for dark elf male, high elf male, half
elf
> male, and dwarf female during the creation of new characters.  Note:
Dwarf
> female only has one style of beard.

    I DON'T LOOK LIKE A DIRTY OLD MAN WITH BOOBS ANY MORE! WOOOOOOOT!

    Well, in EQ, anyways.

    James





