From 4348370298719414025
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e4bcfb7296ed8798
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-19 12:34:29 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!c03.atl99!chi1.webusenet.com!news.webusenet.com!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!newsfeed2.telusplanet.net!newsfeed.telus.net!edtnps84.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahamenospammela@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <GKKub.114$5h1.8884@news.uswest.net>
Subject: Re: More on melee changes
Lines: 155
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <otQub.59782$1K.45602@edtnps84>
Date: Wed, 19 Nov 2003 20:34:28 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: edtnps84 1069274068 216.232.78.121 (Wed, 19 Nov 2003 13:34:28 MST) 
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 19 Nov 2003 13:34:28 MST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:8276


"Sean Kennedy" <x@n.n> wrote in message
news:GKKub.114$5h1.8884@news.uswest.net...
> http://eqlive.station.sony.com/community/dev_view.jsp?id=59510
>
> Melee System Enhancements!

    Here it comes!

> Increase the contributions melee classes provide in a group setting
> Address the current deficit between the pure melee classes and other
> classes

    Ok, so here they're talking about utility and how pure melees
(especially warriors) lack it.

> Add more depth and potential for skilled play to melee combat
> Provide a system that encourages attentiveness and decision-making skills,
> without focusing heavily on twitch gameplay

    Again, utility.

> Monks, Rogues and Warriors will gain the ability to recognize certain
> weaknesses in an opponent's defense. These "Openings" will be a variety of
> types and can occur based on several different situations during combat.
Be
> quick though, an opening will not present itself for long. Strike quick
> with a new combat skill once your character recognizes an opening. These
> new combat skills are being designed just for this combat system revision.
> Using and maintaining these skills expends the character's Endurance (a
new
> statistic, calculated from the character's basic stats).

    Hmm. This sounds like "openings" are random processes. That's going to
suck, and here is why.

    When you look to make a group, what do you do? When I make a group, I
decide what tasks must be done in a given environment then find characters
that can reliably perform those tasks. For example, if I'm heading to a
dungeon with runners I find someone who can reliably stop a mob from
running, most likely a snare caster. I don't accept the magician who is
giving his air pet two snare whips, because that isn't reliable. The number
of tasks a given class can perform define the utility of the class.

    Random processes which aren't reliable (usually defined as having less
than a 50-50 chance of working when you want) do not add to the utility of a
class. They may be nice, but they don't make someone creating a group say
"let's get class X, they do this useful thing we need done!" To illustrate
the point further, imagine you were going into a dungeon with mobs that
Gate. If a mob Gates, it's going to be at best an inconvenience, at worst a
total party wipeout. Further imagine that a warrior's critical hits also had
a stun component. Lacking another stun-capable class, would you take a
warrior as your tank, knowing the frequency of warrior crits, or would you
ask for a paladin? Would you even accept the warrior, or would you hold out
for a class that could stun before accepting a warrior as tank? So would you
say that adding a stun component to critical hits adds to warrior utility,
or is just something that's nifty when it happens?

> Here's a combat example:
>
> A warrior is serving as the tank for his group, standing in front of a
> goblin. While battling the goblin, the warrior makes an exceptional parry
> and is presented with an opening. An indicator appears with the "opening
> icon" and the word "Parry" next to it (this information also appears in
the
> chat window).

    And this confirms it. The "openings" will be random, so unless openings
happen with relatively high frequency the abilities a melee has when
openings arise won't add to the perceived utility of the class. If openings
are high-frequency, then you need to ask yourself if the warrior's utility
and intrinsic abilities (higher HPs, higher skill caps, ability to dual
wield, etc.) are now unbalanced compared with the utility and weaker
intrinsics of, say, a paladin. Somehow I doubt this balancing act will be
done well.

> Now is his opportunity to strike back after the exceptional parry! Only
> certain combat skills can be used to react to a parry opening. Other types
> of openings will allow the use of other skills. Some skills may be usable
> in response to more than one type of opening. Also, your position in
> relation to the target can change the effectiveness of certain skills.

    This stuff doesn't limit openings because a player can mitigate these
limitations. If opening X requires you to be right in front of the mob to be
maximally effective, a player can weigh the advantages of the ability with
the disadvantages of being right in front of the mob and change their
position to achieve the desired results. Very much like groups mitigating
against the possible random outcomes of spells (use resist debuffs, cast the
spell multiple times until it takes effect, etc.)

> Increasing Your Endurance and Learning New Skills
>
> Increase Endurance by increasing attributes or by acquiring special items
> that directly increase your Endurance pool

    The easy way to do this would be to have Endurance pool be based off STA
and +HPs on items (like casters have INT/WIS and +MANA on items), and give
pure melees an AA to let them raise STA to 355 (just like pure casters get
for INT/WIS). This would also let pure melees get a natural HP advantage
over hybrids, from the increased STA pool. If casters complain that this
turns AAs that increase HPs into a +pool effect for melees, either give pure
casters a similar AA for mana pools or eliminate the ability of those AAs to
increase Endurance pools.

> Find tomes or instructions manuals and take them to specific trainers to
> learn new skills

    Hmm. If this is implemented in the same way as spell drops in PoP (get a
No Drop parchment, hand it to a quest NPC for a random type of skill manual
which is droppable), this should work fine. If it's implemented in a
backwards way, like having specific tomes dropping off specific mobs with
low frequency, look for pure melees to complain just as bitterly as spell
casters did about specific spells dropping off specific mobs in Luclin.
Hopefully they'll implement this correctly.

> Most openings are available only to a single character, but some are
> available to all nearby characters

    Good idea, much like group buffs the warrior adds to the capabilities of
the group as a whole.

> Disciplines will be transferred to this new system

    Hopefully characters will start with the ability to train and use all
disciplines as they level, or people will be pissed. Imagine your warrior
lost /disc defensive tomorrow and had to camp mobs to get it back - how
would you feel?

> Existing Discipline timers will be reviewed, and several will probably be
> set to their own timer
>
> Disciplines will require an Endurance cost

    Hmm. This is confusing. I now read it as this: you won't need to find
and train disciplines (good). Each discipline will have an individual timer,
and not a combined "discipline timer" (good). Disciplines will require an
Endurance cost, so using a discipline which you used to be able to use for
free will now reduce your new utility (bad). It'll be interesting to see how
it all balances out. Right now I see this as a great thing. For example, as
I read this a warrior getting ready to tank a boss mob could AE Taunt, use
auto-riposte to give a healing chain time to start heals and to give himself
an aggro boost, and then Defensive/Evasive after auto-riposte ended.

> Hybrids will receive a limited Endurance pool for their disciplines

    Given how crappy most knight hybrid /discs are, or how they're tied to
other abilities on a timer (like the various Harmtouch /discs for a SK), I
can't see them caring much. Bards, rangers, and beastlords should be pretty
pleased, though.

    That chat sure will be interesting.

    James




