From 4380298747870822090
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,26fe166c235788b1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-24 16:07:06 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!cox.net!news2.east.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Success with Dark elf cleric of inny and getting non kos in surefall
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.net
Message-ID: <8vcecugr7n7plal4vojigi3606qfcju28p@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.91/32.564
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 137
Date: Wed, 24 Apr 2002 23:07:04 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.13.34.245
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news2.east.cox.net 1019689624 68.13.34.245 (Wed, 24 Apr 2002 19:07:04 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 24 Apr 2002 19:07:04 EDT
Organization: Cox Communications
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:189926


Finally got non kos in surefall with level 39 dark elf cleric of inny.
All qeynos surface factions were high or maxxed, so I figured oh I'll
do surefall next. 

After trying some wolf form or halfling form giving of quest items or
poachers heads (and having someone invis me before complete the trade)
I finally just got to work killing gnolls constantly until amiable
(what you need for most of the druid given quests there) The last
boost I had was on the weekend when Blackburrow was actually full of
lower levels on the trib server. I ran around clinging darkness (love
that inny cleric neck thing) stuff people were fighting and beating
down on gnolls around me. 

Once amiable, I found that the only ranger I had to work out in
getting to Gereal woodone, whom I could do some quests with, was
krystal aspen who is basically around holly windstalker difficulty I'd
guess. She chased me out of surefall a couple times but hardly touched
me. I then did the nitrates quest, you have to be amiable to get it
possibly but you have to be amiable to give the nitrated to linya
SOWLIN in Wk for sure (pretty far out in WK, along the shore in one of
two farm houses by "Tukk" and some lady farmer)

You give her the nitrites for plus to the faction I was trying to
raise amongst some others:

Protectors of the pine (key one = rangers in surefall glade)

jagged pine druids (druids at rings in EK, NK and surefall (the Two WC
kos to evil people are on kithikor residents faction)

Etc.

After you do that, a guy on unkempt druids spawns. Essentially these
guys are not "evil" or "bad" druids, they are just rather militant. He
says some PETA like stuff such as "you have cut down the forests now I
shall cut down you!!!" So these people are basically a next-to-nature
druid sect which thinks that the people of qeynos and other areas are
bad since they have cleared the land to farm, use animals in making
clothes, etc (funny thing is these guys wear leather armor too.. it
would be better if they dressed them in dead leaf textures or
something, covered in mud, but I guess that was a bit much to do 3
years ago) They hate the qeynos type druids who have gone "legal",
obeying the laws and siding with the good qeynos guards and citizens..
essentially being "domesticated." 
It is really too bad that for druid characters they can't make some
kind of game altering choice about which side they want to politically
align with, instead druid characters of all races are amiable to all
druids AND to the unkempt druids (to start)

So you kill this unkempt druid guy yelling for Sowlin's blood. He
drops a note. You ask her "what note" and she comments on it saying to
bring it back to Gereal Woodone (something about his name disturbs
me..) in surefall glade. So you hoof it back to give to him and get it
back, he then tells you to bring it to capt. tillian in qeynos south
(at warrior guild, same guy for gnoll fangs) NOTE: I once made a
mistake and skipped the Gereal part and gave the unkempt guys note
directly to the capt, the capt then says "Uhh thanks.. I think. " so
even though I think the item has the same name, it IS different.  SO
you give the note to the captain then go over by the lions mane inn
nearby and await the assasin for Gash. The assain was Raffael blablah
something, he comes approaching saying he is looking for Gash. You
kill him, and no matter what guards or people are around they never
assist (so good deal) I read on allakhazams that he did not used to
drop this woodchip all the time, it was broken or something, but now
he ALWAYS does. The wood chip goes back to Gereal Hardon.. er
morningwood, err Woodone, in surefall. 

After doing this several times for: 

1. Linaya Sowlin turn in

2. Gereal woodone first turn in

3. Gereal woodone wood chip turn in

a total of three protectors of the pine raises,  I was FINALLY glower
dubious to them and therefore totally non kos in surefall as a dark
elf cleric of inny (nice to be totally safe on druid ports really..
and because I was bored)  

Once the rangers are non KOS you can easily do another quest which is
faster to raise protectors more: 

You go into the stone building with ranger spells and a druid faction
guy and say 'what favor" he gives you a claim check to bring to nesiff
in south qeynos, nesiff gives you a totem to bring back to that guy in
surefall. This only gives you one protectors raise but is much faster
than the whole nitrates thing. The reason why I could not do this
while still ranger kos, is there is a hefty guy in there for a quest
where you kill mammoth because mammoth ate his daughter. Though this
guy is one of the protectors of the pine faction folk, he is really
mad at the bear and wants revenge for the death of his daughter. SO I
did not take a chance on doing this quest until dubious to protectors.

Note: these quests also raise QRG protected animals, which at first I
thought were just the bears of surefall but after a bit I started to
wonder if maybe they are also wild bears and wolves throughout the
world? I'll have to keep checking and see. 

The much faster way that I wanted to do this, but that would require
help or two accounts, would be to go with a druid or ranger to toxula
and kill tons o' newb junk along the shore and stuff until poachers
spawn then get their heads. When you have 30 or so heads, go with that
druid to surefall and have them wolf form you = non kos to the
rangers. Then turn in 4 heads at a time and have the druid/ranger
invis you before the turn in (indiff is enough faction for this quest
with the ranger guild guy, you don't need amiable so invis trick
works) I did this twice but only had like 6 poacher heads and was
still kos after. 

Anyway you go about this it ends up being kind of laborious for one
reason: 

No kills raise protectors of the pine (the rangers of surefall,
including holly windstalker in qey hills (nice faction checker!) so
you have to raise it by doing the druid quests, or through wolf
form/one use halfling form shenanigans with the invis trick on
trading.

At least its possible though, if you are NUTS. Maybe next I'll try
elfland since I've found out that only the indigo brotherhood is
lowered by killing in CB and its only the warrior guild in neriak with
NO npcs on it high enough to attack a 39 elsewhere in the world. The
guard of neriak are all on inner and outer faction with some around
the third gate necro/cleric areas on the Dead faction (not grateful,
the sk/necro guild of neriak!)

I did the druid quests some after getting non kos, but am still
dubious. I'd kind of like to get apprehensive but it just takes to
long, unless I stock up on poacher heads first for a big camo trading
run with a rangers help, now that I'd not need wolf form or going all
the way back to WC for the halfling mask. Heck, even a level 5 druid
there could camo me each time for some money if I had lots o' heads.

Email: dstephenatcoxdotnet
Find the @ and the . if you really need to.


