From 293843578394446802
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,633c7e466a184f30
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-29 14:09:27 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.ash.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!pd7cy2so!pd7cy1no!shaw.ca!pd7tw1no.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
X-Trace-PostClient-IP: 24.78.203.155
From: Ben Sisson <ilkhanikeDIESPAM@yahoo.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Raid Progression
Message-ID: <2f4h609g72npa8qn7qejguv3psha1nig14@4ax.com>
References: <106gvkrmk1a3p4e@corp.supernews.com> <106h02goq17cacb@corp.supernews.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.553
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 198
Date: Mon, 29 Mar 2004 22:09:26 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.66.94.143
X-Complaints-To: abuse@shaw.ca
X-Trace: pd7tw1no 1080598166 24.66.94.143 (Mon, 29 Mar 2004 15:09:26 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 29 Mar 2004 15:09:26 MST
Organization: Shaw Residential Internet
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26167

A thousand monkeys banging on keyboards posted the following under the
name "bcarshaman" <everquest@wiselogel.com>:

>
>"bcarshaman" <everquest@wiselogel.com> wrote in message
>news:106gvkrmk1a3p4e@corp.supernews.com...
><snip
>> I'd like to know what the general progression is for raids.  I searched
>the
>> forums, but couldn't find anything like this.
>>
>> There are some great guides for planar progression, but we need the little
>> stuff before that level.  We are looking for some targets to work toward
>> over the next few weeks and months, but we don't really know where to go.
>> Any help would be greatly appreciated.
><snip>
>
>http://www.rpgexpert.com/1194.html
>
>Just found this on rpgexpert while surfing around.  Any thoughts on how
>accurate this progression might be?  Any tips, general raiding ideas, etc?

Its not bad. I would put Itraer Vius way earlier though. Definately
easier than Cursed (the cycle is known as GEC (glyphed, exiled,
cursed) to our server) because Cursed at least takes some guildwide
finesse to avoid the AE. Also Avatar of War should be later than it is
put as well, though still before Seru.

Anyways theres mobs even in Luclin that the page is missing. Here's my
thoughts on the way you should progress in boss mob style. This
assumes you've spent your time in ToV to gear up and have no problem
with the lesser level Ssra mobs (GEC, XtC, Archlich, High Priest) so
we are skipping up to that point.

1. Avatar of War (Kael). The first heavy you should try, this guy
tests how well you can handle high (for the raid level) levels of
melee damage output on your main tank. If you find your main tank just
can't stay up for long enough, your cleric chain needs to get better
and your main tank needs to be better equipped.

2. Shei Vinitras (Akheva). This is the real boss of Akheva. This
encounter will test your guild's ability to react to a changing
situation as he deathtouches every two minutes requiring a new main
tank, and adds spawn every time someone dies. The guild has to be able
to react to this in time before all the clerics and enchanters get
wasted.

3. Emp Ssraeshza (Ssra) (I won't even try to spell that right). He's a
good measurement of how well your tank can hold aggro against casters
who are hitting for full when he is doing no damage whatsoever (emp
immune to normal melee, requires bane weapons or procs), just relying
on enraging blow procs - and all this while spites are locking down
the unmezzables that came when you pulled Blood.

4. Aten Ha Ra (Vex Thal). She has the booby taunt that mezzes all the
male players on the raid. Okay just kidding... but she does have a
bitchload of hp and gfluxes. This, along with pretty much every other
boss in Vex Thal (as well as getting the key done in the first place!)
tests your guild's endurance in very long fights. Vex Thal is
important because it is the single best place for gear until you can
farm plane of fire, and even then several of its pieces probably
aren't going to be upgraded until plane of time.

Now you're getting uber! Time for PoP. Some of these will probably be
done before you get a shot at Emp or AHR.

5. Terris Thule (PoNb). Actually easier than some of the above but
requires the guild know how to deal with multiple adds at once. A
guild who has mastered Shei will probably not have any problem with
Terris.

6. Grummus (PoD). This big fatty will test guild's ability to kill a
mob before the dots kill too many people - basically a test of
sustained dps. This is probably the first time since a NToV mob that
you'd be facing a significant AE threat, but its not really that bad.
It'll bang home the need for MGB heals and the various cure spells
that work on that dot, though.

7. Manaetic Behemoth (PoI). This will be the guild's first experience
with a mob with nearly unresistable and very rowdy AEs. It also tests
the guild's ability to function while its enchanters are controlling a
growing number of adds that they absolutely cant let get by them.
Manaetic Behemoth is tough for a first time guild; its kill him before
he kills you and you have about 90 seconds to do it - if he's still
going at that time you're almost certainly dead. Much different from
other fights; there will be little to no cheal chain and aggro control
will be out the window.

8. Tallon Zek (PoTactics). So easy you shouldn't even lose a
character. Straight up ranger/pet class/nuker fight with a SK holding
aggro and getting all the heals. Everyone else is there to look
pretty.

9. Vallon Zek (PoTactics). Also very easy once you learn how it works.
VZ splits when he is "killed" into five copies, but only one copy is
the real one. It's the one with the ae (or is it a proc? I forget
now). There's several ways of doing him. My first guild killed the
fakes before the real one, spiting all five at once as they went. My
current guild kites them around and pulls the real one out as they go.

10. Aeryn`Dar (PoV). Straight up dragon fight. AE is bad news. If your
guild can kill Behemoth it should be able to kill AD. The only
difference is its your spite tanks/druids who are controlling the
golem adds (by kiting them) instead of the enchanters.

11. Saryrn (PoTorment). Super easy. Doesn't need to be this late but
the flag leads to nothing important until much later anyways. Watch
out for one of the minis on the way; he hits for more than any other
mob you will see until elementals.

12. Carprin (CoD). This is actually five mobs, most of which are easy.
Tests two things - the second mob in the cycle spawns four adds for
every person who dies. That means if wizards or rangers screw up, the
whole raid can die, so its testing aggro control. Also, most the mobs
in the cycle have the ability to spike damage through a 3k proc on the
MT. So this is also testing the guild's ability to withstand spiking
damage to the MT and also its ability to switch to a ST before mob
gets out of control and kills the clerics. It also tests a guild's
patience level since for some boneheaded reason it only keys 36 people
instead of 72 (its not a flag).

13. Bertox (CoD). Here's where you get a new kind of test - the twelve
kings that need to be killed before he spawns have to be killed within
a two hour time limit, and early enough that you still have time to
kill Bertox himself. So its a test of both a guild's sustained dps and
endurance under a time limit. Mobs are continually attacking the raid
force and its not unusual to have ten in camp at once (later guilds
backflagging him AE the mess, but a beginning guild shouldn't do
that). Bertox himself is pretty easy once you know where to put him;
make sure the MT stays up though, and watch the rampage!

Now we're starting to see PoP bosses that take some effort. Here's the
last three until you're in elementals, at which point you really
wouldn't need anymore advice as a guild (I would hope).

14. Rydda`Dar (HoH). Aeryn`Dar on steroids. Kill him before he kills
you. The other two HoH trials were deceptively easy; this guy is
*very* rowdy for a guild not already elementally equipped. Not
impossible of course, nowhere near, but even okay equipped
backflagging guilds routinely lose half the raid force before he dies.
The AE is a slow!

15. Mith Marr (HoHb). Avatar of War on steroids. Guild has to be able
to deal with likely adds during the fight; a guild needing this guy in
its progression is unlikely to have the dps to kill him before the
cute little kitties respawn. Otherwise its just a matter of
withstanding his melee and keeping both main and rampage tank alive.

16 The biggy! The one your guild has been waiting for. The sweet end
to a lot of toil and the beginning of the farm for phat lewts! Rallos
Zek (PoTactics). Its a script of four mobs (including the fake Rallos)
and you have half an hour from start to engaging the real Rallos.
Can't kill all the mobs in that half hour? Rallos despawns and you
start over, so its a test of a guild's organization. This time limit
means its EXTREMELY unforgiving. The start of the script you have to
kill Tallon and Vallon Zek. They are similar but not quite the same as
their namesakes down in the wings. For one thing you have no huge
space to fight them in, so no ranged only killing of this Tallon. Your
guild MUST be able to keep aggro on the main tank - one slip and quite
often the entire script needs to be restarted. This is especially true
of Tallon, he has a targetted AE which means he will kill not only the
foolish wizard who swiped aggro but probably everyone near him as
well. People have to be able to get out of the fight or get healed
before low health from AE makes Tallon turn. Vallon only splits off
two doubles in this form, one is mezzable the other isn't, but the
test is to keep both of them from getting into the clerics. One of
them takes three or four of the chain clerics down, you're probably
restarting though if you're really quick and have enough other clerics
to finish the fight and necros to pump you might salvage it. The fake
Rallos isn't really that hard but there's a constant stream of adds
into the fight. The good news is you only have to last until he is at
55 health or so before he despawns and respawns in RZtW form in the
pit. So up to this point your guild is being tested on whether or not
it can survive relatively unscathed Rallos and his AE rampage along
with add after add. And that's when the fun begins! Rallos Zek the
Warlord has the same rampage AE, and to make it even more fun a horde
of adds spawn during the fight in the pit. You'll need kiters, and
damn good ones, and enough of them to keep getting the adds as they
appear, since they don't all come at once.

So, kill all that in half an hour and then survive the final battle
and you'll be flagged for earth, air, and water (and fire needs a
truly wimpy kill to open), and then the fun of gearing up can commence
once again. :-)

It's the one raid that is certain to wipe you even if you win. But
man, its a sweet win when it comes for a guild at last, believe me....

Anyways just my thoughts on those raids. I think after Rallos you
wouldn't need any advice from outside sources.

-- 

Magister Mundi sum!

Aughra: Where is he?
Jen: He's dead.
Aughra: Could be anywhere, then.


