From -7606992563053681635
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5b1dbfb1a04190aa
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-03 05:45:55 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!server3.netnews.ja.net!south.jnrs.ja.net!server2.netnews.ja.net!pegasus.csx.cam.ac.uk!draco.cus.cam.ac.uk!tjf11
From: Tim Fitzmaurice <tjf11@cus.cam.ac.uk>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Newbie Ranger Quests Impossible to Complete ?
Date: Fri, 3 Jan 2003 13:45:47 +0000
Organization: University of Cambridge, England
Lines: 109
Message-ID: <Pine.SOL.3.96.1030103131513.20476A-100000@draco.cus.cam.ac.uk>
References: <i6ga1vs604joh6k1ua00nhiptihuk7ruuk@4ax.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: draco.cus.cam.ac.uk
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
In-Reply-To: <i6ga1vs604joh6k1ua00nhiptihuk7ruuk@4ax.com>
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:255611

On Fri, 3 Jan 2003, Grant Farrington wrote:

> Anyway I found out about the newbie ranger quests of getting a suit of
> armour, but now i've come to realize they can't be completed. Most of
> the pieces require giant field rat whiskers, i've spent hours roaming
> about and only ever come across two (one of which a guard ran up and
> killed before I could dispatch it)

A number of newbie quests scattered around have pieces that are extremely
difficult to collect. You have a simple choice, quit chasing the newbie
armour and move on or deliberatley decide to chase down those drops....

Make a lot of noise in the zone that you are hunting that mob. If no one
else is often people will let you take the drop. Track continuously it
gives you a jump on locating and taking out the mob. Also get a bow of
some kind and use it to pull...in a FFA newbie yard this gives you the
kill quick....if casters can throw a spell off to do this you can use your
bow....or snare.

> think it wasn't too bad after all. I was keen to be working towards
> getting some decent armour as i've been playing for three days
> straight and still only got a few pieces of cloth and leather armour.

I didnt get into full leather equivalent when I started till I hit level
10 - that took considerably longer than 3 days... Part of the problem for
you is that you are a true new player, you dont have the knowledge of
zones and spawn points someone who has 10 characters across a bunch of
accounts can generate and you dont have the resources to twink yourself
to a decent degree.
 
> > But now i'm feeling disillusioned, I can only earn about 1 pp an hour
> and even the crappiest worn out knoll armour is something like 17 pp,
> and that's just for one single piece. Seems like i've spent an awful
> lot of time playing and gotten extremely little for it.

Yeah you are comparing yourself with assorted twinked out new
characters..they will have an advantage on you Im afraid but never fear...
My lvl ranger main is totally untwinked (hmm correction at lvl 36 I have
pair of Tolans Gauntlets a guildie gave me as an upgrade for my darkmail)

I assume from your talking that you are based in surefall and Qeynos area.

A few ideas I can think of that may help....

1) Pick up and loot everything, and I mean everything...OK its only a few
coppers but they do add up. 
2) Work out what drops cash and what doesnt - kill even green mobs that
dont give xp if they are dropping cash in what you consider reasonable
amounts. Rusty weapons drop readily and sell for a couple of gold...make
them better by converting them to tarnished and you may even get to
improve smithing for yourself as you go... 
3) Dont concentrate on cash too much, xp drives levels which in turn
drives more wealthy mobs, or more importantly the chance to get out of the
newbie yard which is usually cash strapped.
4) Dont worry too much about cash - it wasnt until I was lvl 25 that as a
solo untwinked ranger that I could start draggin in the cash as any
sensible rate....until that point I guess I garnered a total of around
500pp in those 25 levels. There will come a point where you start draggin
in cash in plat at a time and then things do warm up a lot....
5) Group some....groups can take on harder mobs and again more cash even
if you just benefit from autosplit.
6) SOunds like you are trying to buy from a vendor for your armour....bad
move they are very expensive. Try tailoring yourself...put a practise
point or two into tailoring and then just kill lotsa spiders of assorted
types....take the spiderling silks to the loom in Qeynos south, combine
them in pairs to make threads until they cease to give you skillups, do
the same with spider silks as well (only you get swatches). These are
sellable to other players - smiths want threads and tailors want swatches.
In an emergency for cash the silks themselves sell. Then you can make
patchwork armour to replace the cloth...that needs a ruined cat pelt and a
pattern from a vendor - again use the loom if you cant afford a sewing kit
yourself. 
7) Another tip is that lots of people make banded armour to skill up in
smithing..most newbie armours are of that sort of ac, you can fill in the
bits you are missing by buying off a person smithing - friendly high
levellers may do this at cost, those practising will probably go for it so
long as you pay more than they could get from selling back to the merchant
and when it was selling (ie before newbie armours dropping the bottom ut
of the market) it only sold at 1pp per ac point anyway. 
8) Similarly find out what sells to other players...bone chips sell to
necros and SKs, silks always go - build up a stack or two of these and try
selling it - more profitable than selling to vendors...sell the junk to
them. You might find a trip north to Halas worth a go for the silk
hunting.
9) Quests - several quests can be repeated over and over, and hand out
cash in golds....go to www.allakhazam and look at the quests for Qeynos,
Qeynos hills and Blackburrow....do any you can, xp isnt usually great but
if 1pp per hour is all you can get hunting you WILL outstrip that rate or
add to it by questing....plus it improves faction.
10) Move - I have suggested Halas, if you hit lvl 8-10 or have done so the
foot journey to Freeport is possible by if boring. If you have Luclin you
can nip to Erudin and down to the spires there and go to wherever, even
easier if you have PoP. This will allow you to go to another area with
newbie ranger armour you could mix and match into your set (ie gfay).
It also allows you to consider non newbie yard places to hunt, edges of
the warrens, Misty thicket and the top of runnyeye, crushbone etc...

Stick with it the cash will improve.....and also if you can visit the
bazaar you will find people who are selling stuff dirt cheap on
robotraders, for newbies because they have the time and extra machine to
do so (the game does favour those with either time, permanent connections
or extra accounts as they can plug into the trading thing more easily to
make money - you however can take advantage of the selling market where
you will find armoour and weapons of good stats at cheap prices)

Tim
When playing rugby, its not the winning that counts, but the taking apart
ICQ: 5178568



