From -3122388143246901937
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,af88af7c22d2520e,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-18 21:08:21 PST
Message-ID: <3c96c746@itsawnews.its.rmit.edu.au>
From: A Shelton <ashelton@yallara.cs.rmit.edu.au>
Subject: Dungeon Delving
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
User-Agent: tin/1.4.5-20010409 ("One More Nightmare") (UNIX) (SunOS/5.6 (sun4u))
NNTP-Posting-Host: yallara.cs.rmit.edu.au
Date: 19 Mar 2002 16:06:14 +1100
X-Trace: itsawnews.its.rmit.edu.au 1016514374 yallara.cs.rmit.edu.au (19 Mar 2002 16:06:14 +1100)
Lines: 74
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news1.optus.net.au!optus!newshub1.rdc1.nsw.optushome.com.au!harbinger.cc.monash.edu.au!vrn.edu.au!131.170.8.40.MISMATCH!itsawnews.its.rmit.edu.au!not-for-mail
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:176941


A lot of the changes coming in have the aim of making dungeons
worth doing. But a lot of people seem to miss that the removal
of the spellbook plays a part here as well. In an XP grind
group, such as Oasis, you can basically stay in your book and
listen for shouts of "SG" and "Spectre". You might hate the
book but it's probably not going to get you killed. In a
dungeon the probability of adds, or party wipes, is much
higher. And destroying the casters situational awareness strongly
discouraged them from venturing into such uncontrolled area's.
Especially if they are at the level where "sit aggro" will
pull roamers onto them.

However VI seems to have missed one important element. And that
is that crowd control is entirely situated in the hands of a
single class. Having nerfed the `soothe/lull' lines, and druid
ranger agro reducers not working indoors, you really need a
well played enchanter in way too many dungeons. After all,
warriors and healers are still weak enough that one or two
extra mobs on the pull can lead to those new disaster recovery
spells (evac, succor, rez) being given a workout.

This is compounded because most of the dungeons at this level
are `goblin' dungeons. Twisty narrow corridors, highly social
and compact groups and lots of enthusiastic runners. Not to
mention lots of spellcasters (save in BB, which is why it's so
much fun).

Not exactly sure what the solution is. I'd be tempted to suggest
a enchanter hybrid, but I can't see that happening. And Mez is
such a core of the enchanter class giving it to other existing
classes is almost certainly unfair. Perhaps the following,

1) Have a low level aggro reducer spell available to all priest
classes and hybrids. Usable indoors, relatively expensive to cast
and limited to creatures under level 30. On the other hand it
fails a bit less often (although don't make the duration too long
or range too great). At low levels things become `red', and gain
huge spell resists, very quickly.

2) Have the resistance roll to root spells be reduced if the
creature is in `run' mode. It's still hugely inferior to snare
but there has to be some way to keep `runners' under control
when any runner is probably going to become a train very quickly.

And some other begs / suggestions

3) Make `light blues' a bit more rewarding if killed in dungeons.
A light blue in the wild is probably an annoyance / easy kill and
shouldn't give full xp. A group of light blues in a dungeon can
kill you almost as quickly as blues, and you can't avoid them in
the same way.

4) Give Shaman a resurrection spell at about the same level, perhaps
later, than paladins get one. They're the priest class for a great
number of races who could also gain from having some incentive to
take risks in dungeons. The iksar and Vah Shiar are excellent examples
of this, with neither race having enchanters, wizards, druids or
clerics for many levels (especially for the Iksar).

The last point (4) also interracts with (1) in that, at the moment,
the primitive races have zero options in dungeons other than 
`pulling whatever comes'. None of the current changes are going to
make it any better / safer for them.

Anyway, just my thoughts, comments welcome along with suggestions
for improvement. Not that I expect VI to see it :)

-- 
--------------+ (Goddamn windows shareware & clueless IT jerks).
Apparently I'm insane, but I'm one of the happy kinds. (dilbert)

Also responsible for the Anime Meta-Review page (600+ reviews).
http://www.serc.rmit.edu.au/~ashelton/anime/


