From -6847947379851264535
X-Google-Thread: fb739,adaab73dc5dc680c,start
X-Google-Thread: 1faf7b,adaab73dc5dc680c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid1faf7b,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!fu-berlin.de!uni-berlin.de!individual.net!not-for-mail
From: Barnacle Bill <away@sea.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,alt.games.everquest2
Subject: What is it about EQ, and I don't want to start a war, a serious question?
Date: Mon, 03 Jan 2005 16:10:00 +0000
Organization: not@all.com
Lines: 85
Message-ID: <bqnit0lur9pisligse6ed3hs7cnd1c7haf@4ax.com>
Reply-To: not@home.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Trace: individual.net +WJLL7C2cthtoxt7uP5cywFMvUPW7E/vX5I6fnj3a5uTV+o/yf
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 2.0/32.646
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:28542 alt.games.everquest2:289

Firstly Happy New Year Folks,

This is not a troll, honest guv, nor meant to annoy anyone but I have
to ask.

Some background first. I'm a reasonably well experienced MMORPG
player. I've been playing since MUDs and was a BBS SysOp playing the
most popular multi-user door games. I started playing Meridian, was a
beta-tester on Sierra's The Realm and left that for EQ when it
launched. The only major MMORPG I think I haven't played is UO, other
than that I've played most of them, even if it was only for the first
free month or less. I don't however presume to be a great player or
know everything and I know many folks who are far better, and know far
more about these games than I do.

Now let's cut to the chase. I left EQ for a number of reasons, mainly
to beta DAoC where I've more or less stayed apart to look at new games
as they came out. Luckily my income lets me play a few so I maintain a
few subs to different games although DAoC remained my mainstay. 

What I liked about DAoC, and why I didn't return to EQ, was a) I hated
the zoning, pulling to zone was so unrealistic to me. b) Trains, other
folks getting you killed through their stupidity. In DAoC if you
pulled it then you'd better kill it or outrun it, and the mob(s) won't
bite some poor unfortunate. c) When they (Verant) decidied not to
implement the trivial loot code and the professional campers took
over. d) My main reason. The sheer rudeness, ignorance and greed of
the players.

I ask my question now because I have been playing EQ2  for the first
month. I like the game. I'd like to keep on playing but the final
reason I quit EQ is seriously putting me off carrying on with this
game. Why is it in EQ, and now EQ2, that more folks seem downright
rude, intolerant of others and avaricious than in *any* other MMORPG?
I'm not talking about regular hunting groups or guild groups here,
obviously, but pick-up groups and folks you bump into doing quests
etc. 

In all the years I've been playing other MMORPGs my experience in
meeting new folks and with pick-up groups has in the vast majority of
cases been positive. Most people have been courteous, friendly,
patient and helpful, especially to complete newbies to the genre. In
EQ, and now in EQ2 I find it is the complete opposite in my
experience. Most folks are intolerant, impatient, rude and
unhelpful......So what is it about the EQ name that seems to bring
out, or attract, the worst?. It surely cannot be co-incidence that
I've only found this level of bad behaviour in the EQ world. In all my
years in DAoC I only had a need to put two people on my ignore list.

Again, please note this isn't a flame of the games themselves, nor a
dig at the very many good folks that play EQ, it's just a question
that's been nagging at me for a while and obviously been brought to
mind again when I find the same mentality in EQ2 as I found in EQ.

For those who are interested here is a list of the games I've played
so you have an idea of what I am basing the above on. In no particular
order, and maybe forgot a few too. Maybe I'd better duck and run
now....

Meridian59
The Realm
EQ
EQ 2
DAoC
AO
AC
AC2
Lineage
Lineage 2
Shadowbane
Earth and Beyond
FFXI
CoH
Eve: The Second Genesis
Jumpgate
Neocron
Planetside
Rubies of Eventide
Horizons
SWG
The Saga of Ryzom

And currently beta-testing Dark and Light.

BB.


