From -3359592815455427044
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,254b5b6078bfee4a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-05 12:02:44 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: wolvescall@email.com (Wolvescall)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: General Raid roles
Date: 5 Aug 2002 12:02:43 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 134
Message-ID: <a995735d.0208051102.3fdd838b@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 63.100.148.173
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1028574163 10582 127.0.0.1 (5 Aug 2002 19:02:43 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 5 Aug 2002 19:02:43 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:220140

Did you know that virtually every mega-guild boils down to a core
group of no-nonsense, take no prisoner characters that can control
almost any spawn/area in the game? What makes them "uber" is that they
surround themselves with people who can take and follow instructions.
I wanted to post a brief run-through about some ways YOU can play your
class in a large raid to help give you a feel of what you can
accomplish.

Monk - You are the puller. To keep the pulls coming, and to get a nice
clean split, designate a warrior (preferably the MA) to tag the mob
off of you. Once the arrow released, hop up and dash back in. Chances
are the cleric will need to slap a heal on you immediately (especially
if FD fails), so briefly keep yourself high on the hate list, then FD
again to give aggro back to MA. By then, the MA has called the assist,
and the other characters are moving in. A note, in a large scale raid,
let the rogues and rangers worry about dps (damage per second). Get
rid of that obscenely low delay staff because you want as little aggro
as possible. Yuo get enough from pulling.

In a bad pull, try to FD split, and call "NO TAG". Your goal now is
NOT TO STAY ALIVE, but to keep the RAID ALIVE. If your FD fails,
and/or you are being nuked, put as much distance between the mobs and
your MA group as possible. Take the death, and patiently wait on the
rogue/monk/necro/sk/bard/ranger to drag yer corpse to the cleric. If
you DO survive, then you have a nice split going or you had to let the
mobs go. Head back to the MA group, get a small heal ... DONT wander
off after the mobs.

Ranger - NEVER TAUNT in normal situations. TAUNT only if the cleric(s)
are getting pommelled. The MA and SA will hold aggro. Your job is to
aid in utility casting and dish out that damage. If for some reason,
you ar the one to tag, tag the mob (arrow or snare-tag), and DO NOT
ATTACK. Let the MA do it. If YOU are the MA, then be sure to question
the Raid Leader's sanity, because something is wrrooooonnng in
Raidville. Having said that, Rangers CAN TANK, but it is not
recommended on a full-bore raid. A pair of hasted, pissed off rangers
can drop nearly any blue mob FAST. If yuo have several rangers on the
raid, have some of them with good bow skills pump a few crits in
before closing in to melee.

Druid - Aside from the obvious, (Evac, Sow, Buff) You have some rather
special roles. DS the puller and MA and SA - it will be far more mana
efficient for you than fizzling this or that DoT on a mob that would
prolly resist it anyway. Of course, support the cleric with downtime
heals, sling a couple of nukes, and coordinate with the other druids
on the raid to make sure you all are getting the most benefit of your
mana.

Paladin - Many times you will find yourself either MA or SA or at
least in the MA group. Provide support buffs in coordination with the
cleric, if need be, toss stuns and keep that blade flying, banging on
the TAUNT button like no tomorrow. In many cases, your LoH is not for
you, but for your cleric/enchanter. Watch them and if they start
drawing aggro, try to take it, otherwise get ready to take steps to
save them.

Necro - Twitching is well and good, but let the bard and chanter
handle mana duties except in dire circumstances. many necros send pet
in, watch the perimeter and solo engage adds that crop up. Keep your
ghetto heals ready, but in a full raid situation, if YOU need to heal
then the raid is about to be wiped out, or you will end up being
lucky. Keep FD handy and at the first sign of real trouble... flop.
You will be indispensable to CR's and you may be able to stand back up
and finish off that last straggler who is menacing the remaining
casters/lesser melees.

SK - Your role is similar to the Pally, with the obvious heal/LoH
exceptions. Expect to be called upon to pull, regardless of what other
people think, you are as effective (if not more effective) at pulling
than a monk. If you are not in MA group, then slap the raid leader.

Enchanter - Aside from obvious, the name of the game is haste to the
melee's, mana to the casters, and mez where appropriate. Keep a pet up
(remember they no longer aggro) to buy you those few precious seconds
when the mob decided to chew on YOUR derierre! Without you there IS NO
RAID!!!

Rogue - You scout and you dish out damage. Protect yourself, and
remember, just because that BackStab is available again, NOW might not
be a good time to use it, after all, what rogue likes the undivided
attention of a mob.

Shaman - People scream buff this buff that... Here's what ya do: Buff
the Puller and MA, get pet, haste pet, when ASSIST called, send
Jobartik in, slow/malaise mob, slap a targor's line on it, and have
reserve heal ready. If you get aggro, don't panic, you can actually
melee with the big boys and hold aggro for a few seconds..something
that no other caster can do. But if you burn all of your mana on silly
stat buffs, fights will last longer, and overall raid mana
expenditures will be higher. Many people will balk at this, but: YOU
ARE AN OFFENSIVE CASTING CLASS.

Beastlord - Get pet, buff pet, you AND pet go in an fight when Assist
called.

Wizard - Timing is everything. A good rule of thumb is to wait 15
seconds after Assist is called (which should be about a reb bub off
the mob) before casting. Open with a mid range, asthe mob gets lower,
finish it off with that explosive style. Once thing that is often
overlooked by everyone EXCEPT wizards is that sweet root. I don't know
why, but it sure seems like YOUR root is more potent sometimes. If the
situation calls for it, root away.. and never forget that stun.

Mage - On a raid, you will have plenty of movement control specialist,
nukers, and fighters... what's missing? YES, the obvious Call of Hero
and less obvious (but more important in most cases) STUNS!!! My god,
you are the MASTER of stuns and did not know it. Sure clerics get a
stun line of spells, but they are too busy keeping that silly monk and
warrior alive. AIR PET.. wheee... now with the intermittant stuns from
the other members, you have a pet who is stunningly stunning the
stunned mob. On light blue and green pulls (trash) it will be almost
funny how effective that AIR PET is on a raid situation.

Bard - Mana shmana... HASTE/SLOW/RESISTS/DoTs ... That 1k AoE poison a
prob? Not with a bard around. 'nuff said.

Cleric - Heal.. but keep the Divine Aura and a stun up... then
again... most clerics know all of this, unlike other classes a
cleric's role is defined in the mid 30's and scarely changes, as
opposed to other classes who are only beginning to unlock their
"special" abilities at that time.

Warrior - If you are the MA, then your job is crystal clear: wail on
the mob, take da hits, and barsh its head! You will most likely be the
tagger, so keep a supply of arrows. If you and the SA are both
warriors, be sure to pinball the mob for max damage. One of you stay
in front, one get behind. Don't worry about the rogue, because the
monk will generally stay in front with you to keep the dps high so the
mob won't turn around to the rogue.

-=-=-=-=-

There ya have the basic and "not-so-obvious" roles of each major class
in the game (that I could think of)...


