From -3872106852272157660
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4dfe550bdafa0fde,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-11 12:23:21 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.frii.net!newsfeed.frii.net!128.242.171.84.MISMATCH!news-out1.nntp.be!propagator2-sterling!news-in-sterling.newsfeed.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F8858AA.BAD70738@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mobs killed per hour
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 115
Date: Sat, 11 Oct 2003 19:32:14 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.252.55
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1065900734 66.109.252.55 (Sat, 11 Oct 2003 15:32:14 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 11 Oct 2003 15:32:14 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:2048

Deep in a different thread I've since abandoned, I got to
thinking about what affects mobs killed per hour.  Hopefully,
most people put the thread on ignore long before I got anywhere
with the idea, and by and large I didn't state my thoughts
because I was working on just one aspect of it.

So here goes.

There are two extreme positions; FM and OOM.  Both those cases
are bad; FM means you are losing potential mana regen, OOM means
you are probably dead, in each case you are losing potential mob
kills.

In between those two positions though is a pretty wide playing
field, or so it would seem.

Spend mana faster than you are getting it back and your mana bar
drops.  Spend it slower than you are getting it back and your
mana bar rises.  If sufficient mobs exist that you can always
pull faster and so spend more mana and thus avoid FM, and if its
possible to go slowly enough (considering repops or mission
goals) to pull slower and so get more mana back and thus avoid
OOM, then something interesting happens: in the long run every
group playing in this middle field spends the same amount of
mana.

Doesn't matter if you pull pull pull till you get to 10M and then
med back up to 90M, or if you pull, med, pull, med, pull, med, so
that you fluxtuate from 45M to 55M, or if you find the perfect
pull balance so you stay at exactly 50M; no matter what you do,
if you get back 10 mana per tic on average, then you'll spend
3600 mana per hour, no more, no less... because if you spend much
more you'll drop to 00M and die, and if you spend much less
you'll have hit FM and just wasted that part of the mana flow.

Now there are certainly other factors than mana flow to consider;
for example meditation: if you arrange pulls so that the casters
can spend most of their time medding then they actually get more
mana back per hour than if they spend most of their time standing
(without horses); this means that a group thats constantly got
aggro troubles is actually getting less mana per hour to spend.

As another example, heal efficiency: if heals are hitting a tank
early and lots of the HP are going to waste trying to heal him
past FHP then more mana is being spent per effective HP gained,
so the 3600 mana you are getting isn't being used as well to
garner mob kills.

How about kill speed?  Is it better to grind along killing mobs
at a steady pace, taking a minute to kill each, or to flash thru
mobs killing them in 30 seconds but at a mana cost which requires
medding back up?  Well a mob thats doing a minute's worth of
damage takes more healing than one thats doing 30 seconds worth
of damage... but if the healer is getting to FM waiting for the
nuker to catch up, then its not as important that the mob die
quite that fast; the key, then, would be to pick a rate where
both healers and nukers never get to FM or OOM; if the healer is
getting close to FM the nukers need to slow down nuking, if he's
running down towards OOM then the nukers need to nuke more and
worry about their mana less.

Another factor is DS/Haste.  Short term buffs, as it were.  If
these are a major mana cost for the group (and an important part
of the killing strategy), then it makes sense to adopt a high
rate of pulls till they wear off, then med back up to your
starting position once the buffs wear off, then recast the buffs
and start pulls again, rather than keep them on constantly and
maintain a slower pull rate.  As an example, if you have a buff
that lasts 2 minutes, its better to kill 4 mobs in that two
minutes and then med for two minutes than to kill 4 mobs in 4
minutes, casting the buff twice during that 4 minutes and medding
during the fight; the second way means you have to spend twice as
much mana for the same effect.

The flip side of the theory that we ought to kill mobs in short
bursts and med in between them is that any time melee (and pets)
aren't hitting a target, all their DPS is going to waste.  Do 100
DPS for two minutes against 4 mobs, then sit for two minutes, or
do 100 DPS for four minutes against the same 4 mobs; you've done
twice as much damage the latter way, meaning less mana had to be
spent nuking to make up for that lost damage.  Thing is, the mobs
are using the same logic on you; in four minutes they also do
twice as much damage to you, which means you are using healer
mana up at twice the rate.  So the question becomes, where's the
balance where healer and nuker mana are both being kept solidly
in the mid range.  Even though this started as a melee point, it
came back to healer and nuker mana.

Its my conclusion that, as I stated up near the beginning, it
really all comes down to what mana regen is available in an
hour's time

I'm shocked to reach this conclusion; it means all those people
begging my bard to play mana all the time may have had a point. 
All those people insisting on getting KEI before joining a group
may have had a point.  Its not just a comfort thing, or a power
thing; mana regen over time is a key element.

Of course thats not to discount tactics, melee damage output,
damage mitigation, mana efficiency, so on and so forth; but all
those factors can be manipulated back into mana regeneration,
sort of like you can equate matter to energy via the einstein
equation IRL.  Using 10% less mana is like regenning mana 10%
faster.  Killing 10% faster due to a 10% better weapon is like
regenning mana 10% faster.  Left as an exercise for the reader to
do the rest of the conversions, but they seem to be workable.

mobs killed per hour is directly related to effective mana regen
per hour

mkph == mrph

So hit -that- with a hammer for me

Bergh


