From 2837638366275432620
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,66bea84375207ce7
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-29 04:38:35 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Tactics for lvl 40-44
Date: Thu, 29 Aug 2002 07:35:29 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3D6E0701.ABBA893D@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3d6cc2dd.24500369@news.xtra.co.nz> <3d6dde10.13290160@news.xtra.co.nz>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 77
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:226899

NZSid wrote:

> OK I see that I have touched on a topic that is sensative to some.
> Perhaps I should have chosen my words more carefully, although I was
> simply using this usenet to verify the feasiblity of a practise
> clearly condoned in another forum.
> 
> Opinion seems divided over whether this practise is PLing (or being a
> "lazy f*ck", as I have been accused) or whether it is simply an
> "unusual" grouping of symbiotic convenience.
> 
> In any case, I think my question has been answered: feasible but
> frowned upon by some.
> 
> Thanks.

You seem like a reasonable enough chap, so let me be reasonable, and
perhaps a tad more helpful, in return. 

Feasible in terms of technical limits and the in-game mechanics: Yes.
Any player can group with any other player if they are not more than 1.5
times their level. Once you reach level 40, you can group with anyone
all the way up to sixty. As to the xp, I'm going to assume your original
phrasing of "suck up all the extra mana" was talking about "extra xp".
No. There will be "wasted" xp in this scenario. The level 60 will still
"take up" sixty percent of the xp from each kill. They just won't
receive it. It's wasted. You, as the low level 40, will, however, get
40% of the xp from each kill while likely taking very little risk, and
contributing little to the kills. And since these might be mobs that are
much higher than you could normally take on your own or with a group of
appropriately leveled friends, the xp gain rate could still be
impressive.

Feasible in terms of social acceptability: Situational, like so many
things. When something like this is done between friends, or the twinks
of friends, guildmates, etc. it's just "no big deal" and nobody cares.
When my first main was in the low fifties, we loved camping the entry to
the Hole. A friend of ours from the past re-entered the game with a mid
thiries character. We immediately invited her to come group with us on a
regular basis. She had *NO* business being in the Hole at that level and
couldn't last ten seconds with the first mob on her own. But she came
and leveled up VERY fast for quite a while. Yes... we were powerleveling
her. Happens all the time, and nobody complains. Of course, she never
*asked*.


This brings us to the other situation. Going to a zone and approaching
strangers and asking for a "piece of that action" is not a case like I
described above. Now, you are a low level who is simply *begging* from
the higher level players to be powerleveled. No matter how you phrase
it, that's what it is. And yes, you will be totally scorned for it. Both
here and in the game, in 99% of cases.

No different than asking for money. In my guild, I recall a rogue who
needed only one of the robes for a multiquest to finish up his epic. We
were talking about it in guild chat, and being excited about him getting
his epic, asked if he was heading out to do it now. He replied that no,
he was going to have to wait a few days until he sold off some other
stuff, as the girl with the robe was asking xxx KPP and he didn't have
that much. It was pretty much a race between several of us to get to him
first and loan him the money. But he never asked. That was just
friendship between guildies.

If you go in to that same zone and ask for plat... even if you are only
asking for five plat... then you are a beggar. And again you will be
scorned. VERY scorned. And it's totally unlike the above case, and the
amount there was in the thousands of plat.

Hope that clears it up. 
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"As long as we're offering him advice, we could add this: Instead of
taking up tailoring, get a ball peen hammer and whack yourself on the
head every 15 minutes. Over all, it's certainly less painful, and very
probably more productive."
-- Lokari


