From -8272606708201389600
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7cb247087cbf1cfa
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-06-17 05:51:28 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-03!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Rogues should get the tracking skill
Date: Mon, 17 Jun 2002 08:49:16 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3D0DDACC.492E5DE2@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <4ZwNPVOEqIPgkqBNdz9GZinUOp4A@4ax.com> <uPiP8.3149$c06.65142@news2.ulv.nextra.no> <Xns923086B092963sebetbtopenworldcom@217.32.252.50>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 90
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:204840

Sebet wrote:

> I agree.  Rogues are a disappointment.  My dark elf rogue has some useful
> skills.  Hide and sneak come in very handy, I admit.  Ultravision is
> another plus.  But what USE is a rogue?  

Keep playing. *grins*. You're still very young in the rogue's life
cycle. You don't start to shine until later on, I'll illustrate below by
answering some of your specific complaints, but trust me. Rogues are
amazing in the later stages of the game, and many places you just do NOT
want to go without them. And they are never unwelcome.

> First of all (and I think I've
> already ranted on this one elsewhere) rogues - despite the name - can't
> solo well.  Think about that.  'Rogue' means one alone, someone who does
> their own thing, goes where they please, and generally doesn't follow the
> herd.  But in EQ, a rogue has to group.  Where's the sense in that?

There's only a few classes that solo well, and that is only through
creative "re-engineering" of the class skills by the players who really
want to solo. VI designed the game to be multiplayer, encouraging people
to group up and add their diverse skills together into a whole which
would be greater than the sum of its parts. Rogues are horrible soloers,
true. Get in a good guild and go destroy things. ;-)

> Secondly, you're right.  Pick locks is of no use since there are very few
> if any locked doors.  

LOL! Just wait till you see what's waiting for you. The prime example,
of course, is the door to get into the the Reaver area of City of Mist.
And you *MUST* get into this area for the epics of a couple of classes.
Other quest mobs of import (including the Wizards' Brain Bite spell
quest) are in there. There is no key to this door known in the game.
There is no other way in without a rogue aside from a somewhat shady
trick (bordering on a sploit) using a wizard with Gravity Flux to throw
people over the wall.

> Pick pockets is of no use as far as I can see
> although I may reconsider that if I ever get better at it. 

Well, it's not of much practical use in normal game play, true.
Particularly if you want to keep your friends in xp groups. *grin*. But
you WILL need the skill to get your epic. And your epic is the easiest
of any class in the game to get. So keep practicing when you can. You'll
be glad you did later.

> Disarm traps...
> Well, WHAT traps?  The only traps I've met so far are simple concealed
> holes in the floor such as those that drop you into the Qeynos sewers - and
> send traps doesn't sense them.

Again, wait until later. In zones like Dragon Necropolis, there are
traps that will unleash anything from a fifty foot long undead dragon to
a horde of tiny, tiny bugs, each of which is level forty-something and
can kill off an ill-prepared party before they can polish off three of
them. Having a rogue eliminate the danger of these fun little "features"
is a big plus on a raid.
 
> As for melee skills - WHAT melee skills?  At level 11 I'm doing an average
> of 10 points damage per hit because in order to get my extra "backstab from
> the front" attack I have to use a piercing weapon.  And I can't find a
> single one of those with a damage more than 5.  My alt warrior hits better
> than that at level 6.

Keep going. Before too very long you will turn into one of the most
awesome damage dealers in the game when played correctly. Yes, you need
to learn excellent aggro management skills, etc. but a well played rogue
will very often define who the kill steal group is on a raid, as you
saunter off haveing "pickpocketed" all the xp from fifty mobs and nobody
else gets any.
 
> I like rogues.  It's just a shame that Verant are 'indifferent' to them.

Hardly. As I said, hang in there. Few classes get well defined at all in
their roles until at least the thirties. Some even later. Rogues are no
exception. Keep up all your skills. 

Though retired, one of the finest players of the game I ever met in
Norrath, Orlun by name, was a classic example of the ultimately well
played rogue. If he was in our group, we got the xp and took down mobs
we never would have stood a chance against, as long as I could keep the
mob's ass end open for attack by the short arse little bastard. he he
he.

-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"An army of sheep led by a lion would defeat an army of lions led by a
sheep."
-- Arab proverb


