From 6899733063175564442
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2c204d4c6ec3613a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-01 17:58:18 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!nntp.cifnet.net!news-out1.nntp.be!propagator2-sterling!news-in-sterling.newsfeed.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F7B782A.4DB5C753@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: LDoN group
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 93
Date: Thu, 02 Oct 2003 01:06:47 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.138
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1065056807 66.109.254.138 (Wed, 01 Oct 2003 21:06:47 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 01 Oct 2003 21:06:47 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:351

Monks: With the tightness of the dungeons, a monk is great for
splitting pulls

Tanks: Any melee type can protect the caster and act as the
primary damage dealer

Clerics:  These are a must in any group so the party can move
quickly

Enchanter: have an enchanter for mob control and mana
regeneration buffs, as there is little time for meditation

Wizard/Druid: Druids are great for porting to locations and
damage shields.  Wizards can pull you out of the dungeons just as
druids can, as well as inflict excellent damage on the mobs

Shaman: If the enchanter is keeping adds asleep and casters
supplied with mana, rely on the shaman to buff the party and
debuff the enemies

Rogue: Having a rogue in your group would be extremely helpful in
detecting traps and opening locked items.

=================================

OK, thats from the new Prima Guide.  Why I buy these things I
don't know, I suppose because I sort of miss hanging out in game
stores and buying several new games every month.  I buy
everything I can find with EQ junk in it, even though its always
out of date or just plain wrong, and hardly ever helpful.

Still, good for a laugh I guess.

Monks: General consensus seems to be that feign splitting takes
too long as a general rule, that some other method of dealing
with crowds is greatly to be preferred.

Tanks.  Any melee type?  You mean like monks, rangers, rogues? 
Those are melee types too you know. Keep the mobs away from the
casters... but on someone almost as vulnerable, good plan. Or if
you mean Warriors SKs, Paladins, then "as primary damage dealer"
about all they can hope to do is "act".  If you are relying on
one of the latter three to do more damage than any other member
of your group, you aren't doing much DPS at all.

Clerics: Pray tell, how do clerics help groups move quickly? 
Help them survive fights, yes, they are good at that.  But move
quick?  High DPS might do that, clerics aren't going to
contribute much there.  SOW, maybe you meant?  Again, not a
cleric thing.  Faster mana regen?  A cleric can barely sort of a
little bit boost his own mana regen; but not anyone elses.  Whats
the cleric going to do to help a group "move quickly"?

Enchanter: mob control I'll give you (although thats "crowd"
control, controlling one mob isn't going to help much) but mana
regeneration buffs?  Whats to stop most groups just getting a KEI
before going in?  In an ordinary camp, its possible that KEI will
wear off before you want to leave, but this is entirely
impossible if you get KEI before going in to an LDoN.  At sub 45,
this is a slightly better point, of course, extended duration
Clarity might not last a whole LDoN run.

Druid: Great for porting to locations?  WTF do you need with that
when the Magus system is in place, even without access to POK
portal system you can jet from one LDoN area to the next with no
problems at all, its as though this expansion was specifically
created to remove any last vestige of importance of the Porting
ability.  Damage Shields; do the mobs live long enough for this
one to count?

Wizard: Pull you out of dungeons just as druids can; ah, is THAT
what you meant by porting to locations?  Thats porting "from"
locations, idiots!  At any rate, there's no need really, unlike
normal dungeons there are no repops, so if you have gotten to a
spot, the melee can walk out in complete safety.  Good for
escaping overpulls, mind you, but as far as normal transportation
goes, really not much of a concern.  Inflicting excellent damage
on mobs... but I thought your "tanks" were doing that!

Shaman:  Don't even mention healing.  Don't mention damage
output.  Don't mention Haste.  Just buffs; which have little
effect, and debuffs, which in a fast kill environment mean less.  

Rogue: Hello?  Damage production, you wanted damage production? 
The chests are beyond lame, doing them during the run is
completely ruled out by every group I've heard from, and even if
they -are- of interest, you can't get into them with just a
rogue, you need an int caster and a wis caster who've both blown
points into a set of spells that are generally declaimed as also
beyond lame.  But you might want rogues for what they -are- good
at, which is damage production.

Bergh


