From -3850366742846980663
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b7065c7b9deedea7,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-05-30 04:07:56 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Who's Screwing Up Norrath?
Date: Wed, 30 May 2001 07:06:14 -0400
Organization: Cheesy Goodness
Message-ID: <3B14D426.21B16E99@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 61
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:79608

Well, I found out last night. No surprise........ it's us. Not *all* of
us, mind you, but enough to really fuck things up.  What am I babbling
about now? I'll tell you.
   One of the biggest repeat complaints I hear from players in various
EQ related fora is, "Why aren't there more GM events?" and "Why doesn't
the storyline move forward?"
   Last night I had the opportunity to witness firsthand a GM event in
LFey which featured an appearance by the beautiful Firiona Vie herself,
along with The Faceless (Cazic Thule) and some other noteable NPC's.
(The lovely unicorn, Equestirelle, or a name to that effect.)
   What could have been a really fantastic event where the storyline
moved forward (I'm assuming in preparation for an upcoming battle and
the opening of the new plane) turned into an unmitigated disaster that
left me completely fed up with Norrath and its denizens.  And it wasn't
Verant's fault, or the GM's controlling the characters, or any such
thing. It was the dozens of idiot players there who's sole purpose, it
seemed, was to ruin the event for everyone.  I can only imagine the
dismay of the person playing Firiona Vie by the end of this, and have no
doubt that they have a "why do we fucking bother?" attitude towards us.
And I don't blame them a bit.
   I'm as much or more guilty as the next player of not always
roleplaying. Different strokes for different folks.  But when TPTB
decide to stage an event of this magnitude where the story of Norrath is
to move forward at last, you would think that just possibly people could
either roleplay to take part in it, or at least stay away or sit quietly
to observe and gain information about new things coming up in the game.
   Firiona Vie was in a showdown with CT, involving threats of battle,
corruption brought upon the Unicorn, and various other plot elements.
However, it was almost impossible to follow.  There was a non-stop flow
of morons running inbetween the two principal characters, /saying,
/shouting, /oocing, and /emoting so that the conversation couldn't be
followed.  A few were attempting to roleplay, offering to defend the
princess and attack CT, or vice versa.  But most were doing the same
juvenile, idiotic crap that you see all over every server every day.
(Sexual innuendos towards FV, price checks on corrupted Unicorn horns,
wanting loot rights on FV or CT, and plain stupid crap. One idiot had an
emote set up saying "/em throws peanuts at %t"  and kept spamming it
over and over between FV and CT.)  The whole thing was disheartening
beyond words.
  In one of the most dispicable acts of the evening, a group of them
attacked and eventually killed Firionna Vie (including allegedly "good
race" characters) so she had to come back in some "invincible mode" to
finish the storyline.
   Shortly before she left, though, she was obviously not doing
"preprogrammed white text" but was talking in /say mode, being run by a
GM.  She indicated that she was heading back to the city to think things
over and give consideration about the spread of corruption in LFey.
Particularly how it must have spread fast to include "the traitors who
attacked me here tonight, and what I shall do about it."
   I can only hope they were logging all that and do something to these
incredible assholes that might serve as a lesson to others.
   I applaud Verant for trying to move the storyline forward and give us
such spectacle, and I publicly scorn all of you idiots who feel a need
to ruin it for everyone.
--
Jakys Lv'Tyrr, the Mad Monk of Qeynos
Monk of 25 Seasons, Silent Fist
a.k.a.
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 32 Campaigns




