From -7374910996997245577
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d344e82459991e7b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-11 02:01:05 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Allakhazam's sounding just a tad desperate.. (bye bye?)
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <03jrptsdsnk0ufjmug40h116sr4c0nokki@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 129
Date: Tue, 11 Sep 2001 09:01:04 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1000198864 24.3.225.40 (Tue, 11 Sep 2001 02:01:04 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 11 Sep 2001 02:01:04 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:116787


Its looking more and more like the beginning of the end for
Allakhazam's site, about the best quest and item info out there.

"Thought for the Day 
Their eyes met across the room.  She was his wood elf dream.  As she
sauntered gracefully to his side, her eyes slid slowly down towards
his account information.  Then she frowned.  "What you're not an
Allakhazam Premium Member?"  She turned abruptly and sped away, never
to be seen again.  "Arrgh.  If only I had signed up", he screamed. 
Don't let his happen to you 
TFTD Archive "


That is just one example of the stuff popping up more and more to try
to get what is essentially a contribution.. since just asking for
contributions alone was not working. This is something you see a lot
lately, basically a not for profit information site which is slowly
killed by its own success. 

The problem is not just that the internet advertising market went boom
(mostly because it was found no one clicks on them, duh.. or goes to
that site, duh.... or runs out and buys that product.. duh.... ) but
that people like us are not going to pay for content on web pages,
especially not what is basically free game info submitted by others
but just arranged in a nice way. 

Yeah, I'd be sad to see this resource go but am I going to pay to keep
it up? Nope. Are many of you? I'd guess that the answer to that would
be, probably not.

For one thing the benefits to paying are things that we are either
used to:

"- You will no longer see any banner or popup ads.  No more worrying
that your boss saw that attract women now ad on your computer;"

or can eliminate ourselves. There is a file in my windows folders
called hosts. Its in everyones folder as hosts.sam. What I do is every
time I see any ad on a web page, is put it in that file hosts (no
extention) and bind it to the local host number which I never use
anyway. Eventually you find that with only about 138 enteries in there
you eliminate nearly every ad on any web page. For example, here is an
ad that I am not seeing on Allakhazams:

http://www.qksrv.net/image-830923-1034517

because I have www.qksrv.net in there, of course along with ones such
as m.doubleclick.net and such. Right away doing this I no longer saw
ads from the big houses like that and now I hardly do from the little
guys.

So that eliminates 99 percent of the ads on pages I go to, unless they
are shockwave ads which I have not really figured out how to eliminate
since they don't have an address in properties. I probably could with
some homework, but there are not enough to bother. 

I eliminate the pop ups with a freeware program, something popup from
www.panicware.com
It works very well and if you want to see a link done like a pop up
you just shift or ctrl click on it.

That is the only thing that would even remotely interest me but I can
already do it on my own, the other ones are:

"You will get your own personal forum, which can be either a private
place to keep notes or open to the public for others to post on; 
- You will get a personalized @allakhazam.com e-mail address (as a
premium member, you can have people send mail to
yourname@allakhazam.com and it will automatically be forwarded to your
registered e-mail address); and 
- You will get the ability to add some funky titles to your posting
name (except on the ubb forums)."


None of those interest me in the least. If I remember right the price
was very reasonable, like not that much for three months or so but I
have a problem with buying freely availible player submitted info. In
fact I almost find it immoral to do so, even if the site is non profit
and barely keeping itself above water. I bet a lot of people feel the
same way. Yeah, we can pay 10 bucks a month for EQ but its a game you
spend time in. Paying 10 bucks for player submitted items and quests
from EQ does not really make as much sense. 

I'm amazed that Penny Arcade is able to get something like 5,000 bucks
in donations monthly. Of course its cartoon is original content but
still, thats pretty amazing. 

That is really not something you can count on or bank on though. I
think in the future the sites that have to do that will eventually
disappear and you will be back to the way of the first web sites,
small very low traffic sites. Maybe Allakhazam's and super sites like
it that don't make any money while costing a lot of money will die
(well really you know they will, eventually), but what we will be left
with is the way it used to be with several much smaller sites possibly
making up for it such as one doing quests of kunark, etc. 

Its kind of sad really, in telling why the current thing is being done
he explains all the ones that have not worked. It would actually be
cool and make sense if sony online/verant hosted his site there and
would be excellent PR for them.. not to mention of course they could
slap everquest (obviously) and sony ads on it. I don't think that is
going to happen either though since Verant kind of maintains a
disapproval of spoiler sites, at least if only for appearance.

Recently another site I like, Gucomics, went under. They did really
have original content but really like the maker said it was just EQ
jokes for the most part. He really could have branched out and done
other games also though once they were around. The thing that finally
made him quit, after Everlore saved his site by hosting it (boy..
thats a rather shakey site to be hosted by.. they will be in the same
boat as the rest of them if they are not already) they were pressuring
him to put pop up ads on it (since now advertisers won't pay much
unless its a pop up) Kudos to him for getting out before he sold his
soul I guess.

Sorry for all this babbling but this sort of thing has just been on my
mind lately. I see it as a natural evolution though and a return to
more of a hobbyist community internet where one guy has all the quests
and equip of say TOV so he can keep his site low enough bandwith that
he can handle it while just being a non profit hobbyist/gamer.

Its probabaly to late now, but the correct way to do an allakhazams
would be like 3,000 hobbyists putting up a certain section all on the
same server as the guy who is sort of the lead for the project (in
this case allakhazam) with their own little "look and feel" and semi
editorializing and flipping the bill for it. 

ydstephen@yhome.ycom   remove y's


