From -274865492139832516
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,69f5f7316414f488
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-10 20:33:35 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!news1.atlantic.net!not-for-mail
From: "Tukka Yoot" <tukka@atlantic.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <o4mH7.11409$gQ1.4474861@news1.elmhst1.il.home.com>
Subject: Re: whats a good spell caster?
Lines: 80
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
Message-ID: <w7nH7.91$7o2.50846@news1.atlantic.net>
Date: Sat, 10 Nov 2001 23:33:30 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.208.5.171
X-Complaints-To: news@atlantic.net
X-Trace: news1.atlantic.net 1005452892 209.208.5.171 (Sat, 10 Nov 2001 23:28:12 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 10 Nov 2001 23:28:12 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:134775

> ive got a 10th lev warrior a 15th lev druid that i play and  im thinking
> about getting a pure caster.what would be a good one?im really unfamiliar
> with them all.

  They all have their pros and cons, of course, so, as with anything else in
EQ, it depends on what you're looking for.

  For soloing, necromancers are probably the best overall of the
intelligence casters, followed by magicians.  I don't really think
enchanters make great soloers, but I'm sure they can do it a bit.  Wizards
can kite once they get their snare spell at level 29.

  For groups, hands down the most sought after class are enchanters (with
one caveat: if a group already has an enchanter, they may not be so hot on
inviting another), for their ability to do crowd control, buff the tanks
with Haste and other spells, and the Clarity line of spells.  However,
enchanters are a difficult class to learn to play and require finesse.

  Necromancers and magicians are pet classes.  A large portion of their
strength comes in the form of their pets, and their pets are pretty
powerful.  They can dish out a lot of damage over time and are very mana
efficient.  They also can take quite a beating (compared to their
masters)... though not as much a beating a true tank in good armor, they can
hold their own for a while against many like-level mobs.

  Necromancers have very powerful, very effective damage of time spells, as
well as a line of life leaching spells that allows them to simultaneously
heal themselves and damage their opponents.  This can take a bit of pressure
off the healer in the group.  They also get a mezz spell later on (not as
good as enchanter mezz spells, but it's something), and one of their DoT
lines acts as a snare spell (not as good for slowing mobs down as
druid/ranger snares, but, again, better than nothing).  They also get
powerful Fear spells, which are nice for fear kiting.  They also have Feign
Death, which can be a real life saver.  One necromancer "weakness" is that
they're evil, and thus hated in many cities.

  Magicians have a powerful array of nukes, second only to wizards.  They
also get damage shields which are generally better than those druids learn.
Between a magician's pet, their nukes, and their damage shields, they, like
necromancers, can dish out a really awesome amount of damage over time, and
rather mana efficiently to boot.  They are masters of conjuring stuff, like
food and drink, weight nullifying containers, weapons for their pets and
other neat items like heatstones, coldstones and waterstones.  One downside
to magicians is that they don't have any sort of root or crowd control
spell.  Their earth pets can root, but that's not as strategically flexible
as a true root spell, and you may not want to use earth pet.

  Wizards don't get any pets, but they do one thing better than any other
class in the game: nuke.  The role of a wizard in a group is typically to
wait for a mob's health to get to a certain point, and then nuke the hell
out of it so it starts to run, or dies.  No other class and bring down the
hammer on a mob to kill it in a hurry like a wizard can.  While necromancers
and magicians do a lot of damage over time and do it efficiently, that's not
of great comfort if you need a mob dead NOW. ;)  They also have the best AoE
spells in the game, which are useful for quad kiting and some other
circumstances (though used recklessly they will get the wizard dead in a
hurry).  Also, wizards can teleport and evac which, of course, is great.

  Enchanters are a bit different from the other intelligence casters.  They
aren't a class you turn to to deal a lot of damage... they fill the role of
magic support.  Because of their mezz spells, they can make an otherwise
unbreakable camp almost seem easy (when they do their job right).  Their
combat buff spells for melee classes are really sweet and every caster loves
Breeze/Clarity (not to mention the intelligence/wisdom buffs enchanters can
cast).  Enchanters do get decent pets... not as good as necromancer/magician
pets, especially since they can't be controlled with commands.  This often
makes them a liability... an enchanter can't mezz a mob their pet won't stop
attacking it.  So while in some circumstances the pet can supplement a group
a lot through the damage they can dish out, they also counteract the prime
reason enchanters are so wonderful... their ability to help get fights
"under control".  Enchanters also can (duh) enchant, which makes them the
only class that can really effectively pursue jewelcraft as a tradeskill.
On top of that, they get the best prices from vendors of any other class,
because of their faction-adjustment spells, their good charisma and their
illusionary spells (which also allow them to safely walk just about any town
without fear of being attacked, unless you choose a religion other than
agnostic).  So enchanters are really uniquely powerful and have a lot of
perks, but they take patience to play.




