From -7060381263033018822
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9566d6b42b20d362
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-29 06:57:01 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.news.rcn.net!feed1.news.rcn.net!rcn!not-for-mail
From: Afterburner <aburner@rcn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: twinking and shouting
Date: Fri, 29 Jun 2001 09:57:52 -0400
Lines: 94
Message-ID: <211pjtkch849mr1vdlejoau1op6k72i4fk@4ax.com>
References: <tuoojt8rc34sp9es9822hpaphbgv55tfqh@4ax.com>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Trace: UmFuZG9tSVYL2GcVKmT3QyHXJDK6er30bWZYgDP6awgE/iFHQfLa0Xwmmu3mcqSz
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rcn.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 29 Jun 2001 13:56:03 GMT
X-Newsreader:  Forte Agent 1.7/32.534
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:90106

Also Sprach DocSnug <ymande@aol.com>:

>Hail all ;-)

	Greetings.


>Just a question i would like to hear your opinions about,
>1st: Its the old twinking problem.
>I started some characters and see myself still as a newbie.
>Chars are lvls 7-16 now.
>I find it more than frustrating to see almost all chars round lvl 5-10
>(or even under) with armor and weapons like 50+  !
>Why should we do anymore quests ? Just make one highlvl and then twink
>the next few - is that the way ? I dont believe in that.

	It is the way.  Get used to it, because it isn't going to
change.  Twinking is part and parcel of the EQ experience, unless you
start on a brand new server.  And even then, twinking will begin
almost immediately, since druids and necros can solo to 50 in a week.

	Worrying about twinking will do nothing more than upset you.
So don't do worry about it.  If you don't wanna twink, that's fine.
There are a lot of folks who feel the same way, and I still see
newbies running around in leather and bronze armor, totally untwinked.
So you're not alone.



>2nd: Why all that shouting ?
>I know i can suppress it with options but i think it is ok in SOME
>cases. Im on Brell Serilis now and you cant even read as fast as
>people shout Topics ooc in the chatwindow.

	I'm also on Brell Serilis.  If you're seeing a lot of /ooc,
/auction, and /shout spam, then you're in the Greater Faydark (aka
Faymart) or the East Commons.  Both of these zones are notorious for
the kind of non-stop /ooc, /auction, and /shout chatter.  (In fact,
they're notorious for it on just about every server that I know of,
not just Brell.)


>I consider it as a a very sad fact cause im roleplaying live and
>pen&paper for years and it IS a big break in athmosphere i think.

	Do NOT try to play EQ the way you play a pen and paper RPG.
That way lies madness.  

	There is a message somewhere in the Developer's Corner of the
official www.everquest.com message boards from a guy who was upset
because he couldn't roleplay in EQ.  The reason he said this is
because he wanted to roleplay a Dwarven Warrior who was afraid of
spiders.  This lasted right up until he was fighting in the Dreadlands
with a group and they accidentally pulled a couple of Drachnids.  The
Warrior screamed "AAAGH!  SPIDERS!" and ran away.

	When they finally killed the Drachnids, they asked the Dwarf
why he ran away.  He said "I'm roleplaying a dwarf who's afraid of
spiders."  His group promptly kicked him out of the group and found
another tank.

	In a pen-and-paper RPG, he might be able to get away with
this.  In EQ, he can't.  He was the main tank for the group.  The game
mechanics of EQ are such that the purpose of the main tank at high
levels is to get beat on.  Tanks in general, and Warriors in
particular, have the AC and the HP to take the beats.  The MOB is
*going* to be beating on someone, so it's best to make sure that the
person he's beating on is the person with the highest AC and the most
HP.  That's the role of the main tank in a group in EQ, and that's how
the game is designed.

	By running away, the Dwarf deprived the group of their tank.
He put the rest of his group in jeopardy because they were counting on
him to stand there and tank the Drachnids.  When he ran away, the
Drachnids began attacking the rest of the party -- all of whom had
less AC and less HP than he did, and so wouldn't be able to take a
beating for very long.  They survived, but they had a significantly
harder time of it.  People finished the fight low on health and low on
mana, and had to take a break from pulling and fighting to recover.

	So IMHO, they were perfectly justified in kicking him out of
their group.  (I might have tried talking sense into him first, but a
2nd instance of the same behavior would have gotten him booted for
sure.)

	The moral of the story:  EQ is not a pen-and-paper RPG.
Things you can do in a pen-and-paper RPG don't always translate well
to EQ.  You *can* roleplay in EQ, but you have to do it within the
context of the game mechanics.  If you don't, nobody will group with
you, and you'll have to solo.  And what's the point of roleplaying
solo in a MMORPG?

	AB



