From 6001135825982727367
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6014cd3eea144525
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-03-17 00:23:32 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!transit.news.xs4all.nl!bnewspeer00.bru.ops.eu.uu.net!lnewspeer00.lnd.ops.eu.uu.net!emea.uu.net!server1.netnews.ja.net!pegasus.csx.cam.ac.uk!virgo.cus.cam.ac.uk!tjf11
From: Tim Fitzmaurice <tjf11@cus.cam.ac.uk>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Houston, we have a newbie
Date: Mon, 17 Mar 2003 08:23:29 +0000
Organization: University of Cambridge, England
Lines: 84
Message-ID: <Pine.SOL.3.96.1030317081133.10913B-100000@virgo.cus.cam.ac.uk>
References: <SuEca.625$ug.149@newsfep4-winn.server.ntli.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: virgo.cus.cam.ac.uk
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
In-Reply-To: <SuEca.625$ug.149@newsfep4-winn.server.ntli.net>
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:271730

On Sat, 15 Mar 2003, phil-on-a-hill wrote:

> I was hoping someone may have the answers to these questions (I tried asking
> some things in the game but no one replied). By the way, I have EQ and the
> first two packs and like playing fighter types:
> 
> 
> I'm a very new character and I'm not sure how to even approach the game, I
> mean, all I do is kill monsters and pick up "no-drop" items - what do I do
> with them all?
> 
> Is there an easy way to find where a bind point is?

If you mean where your current one is then type /charinfo....if you mean
where can you bind then a caster (which you arent) can bind themselves
anywhere....us melee players basically are stuck with the cities. Any
city zone with a soulbinder in or any zone in a multizone city with a
soulbinder allows you to be bound anywhere in the zone.

There are also soulbinders in some other places, Iceclad Ocean and the
Gulf of Gunthak I know - I do not know how far within those zones player
binding can occur, ie if they are tied to a local spot or not.

THe other zones with bind spots are scattered and with the advent of the
Nexus and POP are usually relatively irrelevant now if ytou have either
or both of those expansions. THe major one was always the Gypsy camp in
North Karana.

> Are there some sort of in-game maps (because I keep getting lost)?

The legacy of the Ykesha expansion added a mapping feature, other than
that alt tab to an instance of your web browser and keep EQatlas' site in
there.

> When I talk to an NPC, do I really have to type out lots of things by hand,
> or is there a short cut? Sometimes, I have to type something in many times
> before I happen to hit upon the response that they want to hear, and I don't
> like that.

If its bracketted then the bracketted bit is the keyphrase, usually with a
a what,a how, an I will or a where prefixed. FOr those without bracketted
text its more difficult - yes its a bit of an art form, and you may need
to change the tense or the person of the text you give back.

> Is there some sort of way to have the game 'remember' my current quests, or
> do I really have to use pencil and paper (despite the fact I have an 80gig
> HD).

Legacy of Ykesha expansion again - failing that most quests are not
individual so again having a web browser in the bakground that you can alt
tab to when needed and have it pointed at www.allakhazam.com for the quest
list. IF you have an item searc  for that or keep the quest you are doing
in the window and you ca find the relvant NPCs etc.


> Is there a way to heal my man above 50% (apart from gaining many levels)?

With Bind wound? No. Not without serious levels and the right
class/abilities. Depending on the melee type you choose you may get
healing spells (eg Paladin gets pretty good ones, and Rangers get some
while warriors are just stuck). If you really want to go above 50% its a
case of sit down on the ground and let the HPs heal.
 
> When a monster is getting the upper hand, there seems to be no way to outrun
> it (and you can't always guarantee that you're near a Guard or a Zone
> point). So, do I have to die each time, then run miles to get my corpse?

Again the right spell on a hybrid warrior type lets you get away. There is
an art to pulling that allows you to settle yourself into a position where
you can get away from the mob to a guard or zone line. If you are hunting
a zone and losing corpses like this you should change your hunting pattern
and style.

> It seems to take an age to memorise and scribe a scroll - is there a way to
> hurry it up?

Yes it dramatically improves as your Meditate skill is either gained or
increases. Click one point into meditate as soon as you get the option and
sit down with low mana frequently. 

Tim
When playing rugby, its not the winning that counts, but the taking apart
ICQ: 5178568



