From -7484564595820887736
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ee5c29ea39ba3615
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-23 04:09:38 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Considering the leap
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <pt9rqtk31entu09v3333qgqmia8j04r0el@4ax.com>
References: <iidr7.12165$2H2.1051397@e3500-atl1.usenetserver.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 117
Date: Sun, 23 Sep 2001 11:09:37 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1001243377 24.3.225.40 (Sun, 23 Sep 2001 04:09:37 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 23 Sep 2001 04:09:37 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:120258

On Sat, 22 Sep 2001 23:18:06 -0500, "steve" <paintwiz@bellsouth.net>
wrote:

>How
>is EQ set-up for Pvp vs non-PvP?  I have read that the system is set to
>toggle whether you wish to participate in PvP.  True or False?

False and in fact marketing bs. In reality there are either pvp or non
pvp servers. The "toggle" was marketing BS to say you had a choice by
giving a note to the priest of discord. What giving that note does is
actually totally ruin your character so it turns red, thereby not
being able to have spells cast on it from the normal non pvp
characters (making up the other 99.99 percent of the players on your
server) Since the plus pvp character (on non pvp servers) can't have
spells cast by other players it is effectively totally ruined and
removed from the game. This is why you won't see a red named player
over level 20 and you seldom see any at all. While ruining the
character in that fashion it basically allows them to pvp with other
red named characters but the problem is that there are none ;) 

On the pvp servers there is of course no purpose to giving your note
to the priest of discord since you are pvp anyway, and it may
similarly screw it up also though I'm not sure of that. 

There is a regular pvp server, Rallos zek.. which is pvp where anyone
can kill anyone within 4 levels or something (more now.. I think its
changed somehow), two race war pvp servers (team pvp with several
races on a team) then one new diety pvp server Sullen zek(teams of
neutral, good and evil characters as opposed to being just by race.
This server also actually keeps track of your kills and the team that
is winning.. so its the one of choice I guess now if you want to pvp)
These are labeld and the rest are non pvp.

The majority are NON pvp and the ones which are pvp are clearly marked
as such in the server window. The non pvp ones have all been around
for a bit so what you should do is maybe log in at about your prime
time for playing (when you would usually play) and click order servers
by least crowded (might be the default) then pick one of the least
crowded ones. They are all in the same location so one is not a better
ping than another or anything. Just never give the note to the Priest
of discord you see in most towns, it ruins your character and some
players actually try to trick you into giving it that note (really
they should just remove the POD from the game, but they leave him in
as some marketing ploy to say they have a "switch" ooooh.. a switch..
yay)


>The other problem that I had with UO was that the players were not open to
>newcomers. 

EQ is much more open. Mostly it is because you have semi global (over
the entire zone you are in) shout, auction and ooc. Because of that in
EQ its much easier to hear what other players are saying and if they
want to group as well as adding your own voice and saying you want to
as well. Most servers kind of have several guilds which are starter
guilds and more or less recruit anyone, later on you of course will
want to be more discriminating perhaps but when first learning the
game such guilds are a great way to get the hang of it and meet
people.
 

>I did not know anyone in RL that was playing, so I was not able
>to "hook-up" with people that I immediatly trusted to go adventuring.

Yeah, because you'd be playing on the non pvp servers trust is really
not much of an element. Other people can't loot your corpse, even when
consented (they can only then drag it to safety) so you are always
secure from other players basically as long as you turn on drop
confirmation so that you can't accidently drop equipment etc. 


>Eventually, I did start to find information about in-game, player run,
>quests and communities.  I tried to develop som commoradery by participating
>in these, but just ended up getting myself killed and looted, losing some
>great stuff.  In general, how receptive are EQ members at accepting new
>players?  Where are some good places to meet other players to forge
>alliances and develop adventuring parties?

As I said above quite receptive and friendly mostly. Really most any
character you make starts out in or near good areas to meet people and
adventure soon. For the most part though you really don't go
adventuring or grouping much until level 6 or so (when your corpse
lasts a long time if you die) 


>I look forward to hearing your thoughts.  I am not looking for the "UO sucks
>and this is why" type of posts, nor am I looking for "EQ Sucks, don't waste
>your money" posts unless you can be specific as to what the waste was in
>your case.  I want to make the most informed decision as possible.  I
>realize it will still be a blind purchase, but some guidance is better than
>none.

It doesn't really suck horribly (EQ) but rather it gets old and tired
for some but I guess after you play it for two years it should ;) 
EQ is a much better game now than it was when it first came out and
you can get into it pretty cheap now by buying kunark (which is old eq
and kunark) so you have a lot of great area to play in. You really
don't need velious for a while because its more or less level 35 plus
(though to see some of the new spiffy texture armors you need velious,
and have to enable to see them in eqclient.ini also) I think now, or
soon, a boxed version of  all three called the collector's edition is
coming out.

This is a pretty good all around info site:

http://eq.castersrealm.com/

with character creation guides and such.

This is more of a concrete info site of equipment and quest spoilers:

http://everquest.allakhazam.com/




ydstephen@yhome.ycom   remove y's


