From 8313659988598978755
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2a7d3af5fceaa799
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-09!sn-xit-08!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Selling in EQ2
Date: Wed, 15 Sep 2004 18:32:07 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10khr3dkg95q8b1@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <Pine.LNX.4.58.0409151005130.22511@bolt.sonic.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 73
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:16984


"Foxeye Vaeltaja" <foxeye@EEKSPAM.com> wrote in message 
news:Pine.LNX.4.58.0409151005130.22511@bolt.sonic.net...

> So basically you can still search through all the stuff being sold (ala
> Bazaar), but you are encouraged to actually visit someone's home if you
> are watching your bank account.  It also encourages folks to take an
> interest in the appearance of their apartment.

This is one thing I like about the system. There's no point to having 
personal housing unless there's a reason for others to come by and check out 
your digs. With all of the options that we are likely to get to customize 
our houses, it would be a shame to let all that investment go unnoticed. 
Give me a reason to draw people to my place and I promise I'll pick up the 
dirty clothes and arrange the furniture.

> There was also some comment about people being able to combine their
> vendoring with their friends. So we could all go over to Bob P.'s pad and
> set up a little mini flea market together. :)

Hey Fox, let's be neighbors and have a block party/garage sale. I'll bring 
some of those old games that I didn't sell at my last garage sale ...

Seriously, although I look forward to the social aspects of this vendoring 
system, I would remind crafters everywhere of the effect of a ready market. 
When the seller has to run around and hawk his wares, this means that the 
buyer also has to run around to find sellers. In these situations, crafters 
are able to charge whatever the market will bear *in their area*. If they 
live in some little-traveled part of the world, the chances are good that 
they'll be able to sell their products within a wide range of potential 
prices, because a) there's no one else around to compete and b) there's not 
much basis for even knowing what a competitive price is. So, for example, if 
I'm selling spell upgrades and I want to charge 10 silver for them, you 
might pay it just because a) there's no one else around selling that upgrade 
and/or b) you have no way of knowing if 10 silver is a good price and so you 
pay it, somewhat oblivious to the value issue.

Enter an auction or bazaar system. Now, suddenly everyone on the system is 
competing with you on the same items and everyone knows what the going price 
is. If the game does not allow you to distinguish your item in any way, and 
it's exactly like everyone else's item of the same type, than the only 
distinction is price (and to some extent convenience in location) and your 
product has just been commoditized. The prices will go down, not only to the 
point just barely above cost, but in all likelihood to a point even below 
cost as guilds dump tradeskilling grind items at just slightly above vendor 
pricing.

This is supposed to all work out in theory because it should benefit you --  
the seller -- too since you're likely to be a buyer at some point. But in my 
experience with both kinds of player economies (UO being the best example of 
a regional hawking system and SWG the best example of a system wide auction 
system), crafters get hurt the most when auctions and markets appear. When I 
played UO, I had a very favorable setup charging prices I had basically made 
up out of thin air. Because I was there with a spell in hand, and a buyer 
wanted that spell and didn't have any obvious way of getting it elsewhere, 
and less idea of what he'd have to pay to someone else, impulse let to a lot 
of sales that would never have happened otherwise. I remember the first time 
I saw the auction system in SWG I *knew* that prices for the commodity items 
were going straight to hell in a handbasket. And they did. Fortunately, that 
game also provided a way for crafters to make uniquely valuable items that 
no one else had on the market, and so I still had a great market for my 
custom stuff. But forget the common things like powerups and low-tier 
weapons.

-- 
Winterfury Thunderwolf
Elder Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie
Dwarven Mystic, Scholar and Citizen of Qeynos






