From -3516576136259010468
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,38c845db88f9a748,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: mike@mikeshea.net (Mike Shea)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 32: Lxanvom
Date: 1 Jun 2004 13:22:57 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 113
Message-ID: <f4b815e0.0406011222.16a68efc@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.160.51.70
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1086121378 31877 127.0.0.1 (1 Jun 2004 20:22:58 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 1 Jun 2004 20:22:58 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:4475

Tales of Loral

Chapter 32: Lxanvom

It is with a quivering hand that I write my last words. At my feet
lies my lord, the thirteenth Adan, king of our lands. My blade is
buried in his back. His blood stains the hand that writes these words.
It was the promise of great strength, whispered sweetly and softly to
my ears over the years that has caused this to happen. Whispers of
dreams and power realized. The dreams spoke of a ritual, glyphs and
runes I have inscribed upon the floor of this place, the Kings Rest.
It is irony that I am now hearing whispers of truth. I have betrayed
my king and my people, the voice says, not as a revelation but as
torment. I hear the hissing laughter of my new lord, the dark lord,
the Plaguebringer. I hear his voice, tears falling from my betraying
eyes as they look at the green portal that has opened. The voice grows
louder. I have a new master now, it says. He is coming...

A large candle dripped wax onto an oak table while Loral read the
ancient tome. The words had been written over four thousand years
earlier, only having recently been translated by the scribes of
Tanaan. Loral began studying the fall of Lxanvom, the King's Rest,
after his adventures took him to its door in the Plane of Disease. He
read of Bertoxxulous, the god of disease. For weeks he had been
reading the texts, carefully turning the yellowed pages. Nothing took
his attention away from the words of a culture long dead. The room
grew hot. Loral looked up and saw the scribes of the library step back
and out of the way as a small figure in red robes approached.

The room was illuminated by a red glow. Flames danced in Azile's black
eyes behind the shadows of her hood. In her hand she held the Staff of
the Four, an eternal flame burning at its top. Loral noticed for the
first time that in their century of adventures together Azile hadn't
aged a day. Azile would be almost one hundred and thirty, Loral
calculated, though she looked hardly older than forty. Her eyes spoke
of anything but youth. Her power had grown beyond any Loral had ever
seen. He had watched her rip open rifts to the depths of the outer
worlds and bring forth flames hotter than any known in the mortal
world. She was no longer the simple traveler Loral had once known.

An unpleasant vision filled Loral's mind. He dreamed of the elder gods
dead within their own worlds. He saw armies of adventurers slaying the
immortals of the outer planes and storming timeless keeps and castles.
Visions of Fennin Ro's smouldering corpse lying upon the charred
ground of Fire sending a column of black smoke into the air flashed in
his mind. Above the corpse, floating upon a cloud of flame rose the
new goddess of Fire - Azile the Scorcher.

Azile walked up to the table and sat down next to Loral. She smiled,
pulled a small package from her pack, and put it down on the table.
The smell of warm cake filled the air around him. Perhaps he was
wrong. The vision must have been a trick of the light when she had
entered. Too much reading of dramatic old texts, he thought.

"The Lotus has breached the Crypt of Decay," she stated. Loral looked
at her unblinking eyes and beheld again the fiery vision.

Despite the cold darkness of the tomb, Loral felt sweat drip down his
face. His eyes closed in silent meditation to Tunare, but the rhythmic
chanting of the undead summoners could not be blocked out. For three
days they had fought the undead of Lxanvom. Decayed husks of old
priests and knights attacked with cracked lips pulled back over rotten
jagged teeth. They had cut through the minions of the upper floors
with little trouble, but when they entered the lower depths of the
crypt they found a greater evil.

The summoners, undead priests of a lost age, called fourth the remains
of the kings of Lxanvom. Torn from their rest and twisted into hideous
forms, the kings attacked with strength and fury. They attacked with
bloated fists and the pincers of enormous spiders. The sounds of
thunder and the smells of burning flesh filled the crypt that had gone
untouched for so many centuries. The blades of the Cult ripped into
the kings and their minions, cutting through the material world and
into the world of the tormented souls. One by one the evil forms of
once great rulers fell.

All was quiet. The chanting of the undead priests became screams of
death as they sacrificed themselves for a final summoning. The air
became foul and cold. The group was silent as the Plaguebringer
approached. His green burning eyes beheld them, the defilers of his
temple. He reached towards them with a long thin arm ending in a claw
with too many joints. The horror of the apparition in front of them
held the adventurers as still as death.

A roar of fire broke the trance. The warriors screamed and charged in,
blades held high. The clash of steel on hardened bone was deafening.
Loral closed his eyes, calling upon the healing and protective magic
of the Mother but Bertoxxulous had magic of his own. A dark grey mist
flowed from the outstretched hands of the elder God. Loral felt his
skin crack open. Sores began to appear and oozed a black liquid. All
around him adventurers fell to their knees, their life energy being
sapped out of them by the curse of Bertoxxulous.

A millennia earlier in lands long forgotten, the children of Veeshan
created a weapon of incredible power. Using the skills of the greater
wyrms, they forged a spear of prismatic energies capable of stabbing
through the thickest scales the dragons had. It had been forged as a
weapon for mortals to one day battle the Sleeper, Kerafyrm. Centuries
later it had been discovered by an unlikely elf and on this day, it
saved her from an unlikely enemy. With milky eyes and sunken cheeks,
the rogue Annalyze reared back and threw the ancient spear into the
back of Bertoxxulous's skull. With a deafening crack, the
Plaguebringer's skull split and he crashed down to the ground.

A week later Loral was back in Tanaan, carefully turning another page
from the tome that sat on the table. He took a bite from Azile's cake,
feeling a warmth flow down his body. Though grey lines still crossed
his face, the scars of Bertoxxulous's curse had almost completely
healed. A deeper wound remained open however... a wounding of purpose.
For a year, Loral had battled the beings of the planes, fighting for
the safety of Faydwer and in the name of Tunare, but to what end? How
far would he delve into these realms of uncertainty? For now, Loral
could only ponder...and enjoy another piece of cake.


