From -8080321894768849148
X-Google-Thread: fb739,206d0e614244d1cd
X-Google-Thread: 1efecb,206d0e614244d1cd
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid1efecb,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!tethys.csu.net!nntp.csufresno.edu!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "That Guy" <thewall@charter.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,alt.games.coh
Subject: Re: For me, City of Heroes is more fun.
Date: Mon, 25 Oct 2004 01:27:50 -0400
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10np3n0eccthqb9@corp.supernews.com>
References: <a7uin0pg2ahqe4d67d2jcm8a1u3651kvlk@4ax.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 93
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:20682 alt.games.coh:5200

>
> But city of heroes has five huge advantages of everquest.
>
> 1.
> No camping.
Right on, my friend plays Final Fantasy online (so did i for a short while) 
and hes always complaining about campers.


> 2.
> Cool animations.  During your battles, you look like a superhero.  I
> think the dark defender's mass resurrection in the midst of battle is
> alone worth the price of admission.
Agreed as well in FFXI the combat was sooooooo dull, I attack and I sit 
there picking when to activate my pathetic few powers and hope not to die. 
Outmatched? somethig come along and jump you? to bad, you have very little 
chance of escape. In COH we can FLEE if things go south, and we don't have 
to zone to escape.

>
> 3.
> A huge variety of animations.
While the animations are not as varied as you might think (a lot are reused 
with diff F/X for diff powers) the power set combos are a nice thing. Sure 
you can have two gusy in the team witht he same primary power, do they have 
the same secondary?  how bout the pools? Variety is the spice of life so COH 
is spicy as hell. Over in FFXI find 3 paladins, bet they are within a few 
skill ranks of being cookie cutters. Most tend to use the same equipment 
too. In COH we customize powers to our style, I love that.


> 4.
> Your everquest avatar is hopeless nerd.  He is a man in a skirt, or a
> cute little hobbit, and acts like it.  If he is a troll or an ogre, he
> is comical rather than menacing.  In the beginning, he gets killed by
> rats, bats, and spiders with depressing frequency.  Oothug, mighty
> ogre, takes on a bat and loses.  Later, he creeps furtively around,
> trying to get some unfortunate enemy on its own, preferably an enemy
> several levels lower than himself.  Your city of heroes avatar starts
> out mighty tough, and grows into a superhero.
Yes, for once a level based online game where I don't have to work my way up 
from being a ratkiller to one day facing people (after 20 levels and 6 
months of playing). The variety of players costumes and concepts is 
fantastic, sure we have 9000 wolverine clones but we also have the Defense 
Attorney, BubbleBee, The Crimson Inferno, and hundreds of other themes. For 
every Hulk knock off theres a dozen guys like the Psychic Plumber and the 
Beatnik Poet.

>
> 5.
> "Hover?" I hear you ask.   You can *fly*, if you have that powerset.
> And if instead you have the teleportation power set, teleportation in
> City of heroes is WAY cooler than teleportation in EQ.
Fly is my favorite travel power, ok its slow compared to the others but its 
the coolest travel power of all. and the cool factor of seeing a big team 
with 2 blasters hovering out of melee range sniping targets is a bueatiful 
thing. Travel powers that are more than just a way to move from one zone to 
another.


And let my add my favorite things:
6. Down time is low. In FFXI and other games its often like this :Log on, 
spend 10-20 minutes finding team, spend another 20 min getting team prepped 
and ready then spend anywhere from 5 to 30 minutes moving team to hunting 
area. Find monsters to fight that will not kill team but will give decent 
xp, attack monster, then spend 3-5 minutes preparing for next fight.
In COH its more like this :Log on, find team in under 5 minutes or just go 
soloing a bit. Travel time is low low low, i can move through 4 zones  and 
get from anywhere in the game to anywhere else in 4-8 minutes max. Find 
villians in hunting area, if it takes more than 1 minute something is 
horribly wrong. Fight villians anywhere from 15 seconds to 2 minutes for 
tough fights, regen from near dead to full in a minute or less.

7. Kill stealing is near impossible: In most games KSing is a problem in COH 
if I do 90% of the damage and some punk comes along and whacks my opponent i 
get 90% of the exp.

8. Defeat is not as bad: my roomie on FFXI and my old roomie on EQ could be 
heard screaming when their chars died. Defeat in COH is an annoyance at 
most, a little debt, a trip back from the hospital.

9. plots: COH has some very interesting plotlines in the story arc missions, 
you discover many interesting things which can alter your perceptions of 
villians and some heroes as you play, the plot lines open slowly and 
interweave well.

10. Lack of One-upmanship. this is from the variety, I never see people 
trying to show that they can get that 1 or 2 points more damage than the 
next blaster/tanker/scrapper. It makes the game more player-freindly in my 
opinion,





