From -7713404686712544230
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5ead5f2ee86676da
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-16 10:09:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newsfeed.cwix.com!newsfeed.avtel.net!not-for-mail
From: "Scott Kasai" <keiichi@weNOSPAMst.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <ubkjd6hdhtid86@corp.supernews.com> <URBu8.192$q4.6103@newsfeed.avtel.net> <3CBC4104.EC187EB4@columbus.rr.com>
Subject: Re: Referenceing my post on Removing Twinks
Lines: 205
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Message-ID: <cUYu8.231$q4.6601@newsfeed.avtel.net>
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2002 10:13:02 -0700
NNTP-Posting-Host: 207.71.198.176
X-Complaints-To: abuse@netlojix.com
X-Trace: newsfeed.avtel.net 1018976904 207.71.198.176 (Tue, 16 Apr 2002 10:08:24 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2002 10:08:24 PDT
Organization: None
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:186815

"Thomas" <tpenning@columbus.rr.com> wrote in message
news:3CBC4104.EC187EB4@columbus.rr.com...

> Second, who determines what is earned or not earned? You say that a
statement
> like "benefits of higher level gear won't go to the lower levels for the
pure
> fact that they didn't flat out earn it". You make this statement as a
fact. But
> I ask, who is the prosiding authority to say that someone did not "earn"
it. I
> could say that if you personally did not solo kill the mob that dropped
the
> item you are wearing then you did not "earn" that item. Would I be
correct?
> Well, I am the authority in the subject matter because I said I am the
> authority of it, therefore I am correct. This is exactly what people are
> infering when they make statements about someone "earning" at item. Who
was the
> person (person vs. character) that actually was killing the mob for the
item?
> Who sit at a location waiting for it to drop, regardless of what toon was
it on
> in the end?

Well, look at the Testament of Vaneer... a nice little item for wis
casters... +10 Wis, +10 mana.  One of the longest camped items due to the
nature of Dylin Starfire or whatever the hell his name is.  It is a No-Drop
for a reason, this being players actually have to take the time to sit
there, wait for him to spawn.

Now... Look at Gatorscale leggings...  Also a long pop.  But if I am
willing to dump 400pp for it...  And then stick it onto a 4th level
Cleric...  Did the cleric character make the effort to get it?  While my
Druid, being 53, can easily get it, did the Cleric character make the
effort to get it?  Not really.  I believe it is one of the reasons why
Trivia Loot Code was put in to begin with...  To discourage 'farming' of
items by high level people, and not giving the lower levels the chance to
get it on their own.  Probably one of the reasons why the cost of some
items is so jacked up to, is that people who are at those levels are tired
of trying to fight against higher levels who do this, saying, "They will
just outdamage us anyways."  Yes, you have earned the item as a high level,
but when you give it to your alt, did the alt go through hell to get it?
It becomes the question of 'risk-reward' then.  As for who is the judge of
it...  Well, I just outlined the validity of the issue.  Should a character
have something that drops off a Level 30 some mob when they are a Level 4
or level 10?  If we REALLY want to discourage beggars, the ones who ask for
plat and for better items, discouraging twinking helps a little in that
manner, because, then...

Now mind you, lets get some facts straight.  I have done twinking on my
characters...  I also see the merits on the level restriction issue, which
means, "If I don't see it on a lower level person, I don't think less of
them, or feel the inclination to bug another person to see about getting an
uber weapon from someone."  It also justifies us telling beggars, "Work for
your money."  Making them go through killing the little things and selling
everything they can from a corpse.

> >Now while you paid the money to get it for your lower level, the lower
> >level newbies will see that while it looks cool, it won't be much use
until
> >later on.
>
> Lower level newbies do not even now what a good stat is. True lower level
> newbies have no knowledge that AC is better then Agility. They do not
know
> details about Duel Wield. They do not know that more intelegence gives
you more
> mana, but at lower levels mana adjusting items my be more beneficial. A
True
> newbie does not have any of the concerns that you have stated because
they have
> not experience or knowledge about the very topics that you are stating.
It is
> only the experience person that has a problem because they have the
> pre-knowledge. And they generally have the problem only because they are
> un-able to do the same thing themselves at the present time.

Lower level newbies won't know what a good stat is, true...  But let's
consider a Lower Level True Newbie seeing another Lower level doing a heck
of a lot of damage compared to what weapon they got from normal looting.
First thing that came to my mind when I first started out, was seeing I
only get a 'cloth' shirt and a weapon and getting raped over by bugs and
rats with no money in hand?  One guy was nice enough to give me a rusty
long sword to finally figure out a few things and this was me starting a
ranger.  Now mind you, the RPGs prior to EQ have always had people given a
small stipend of money to purchase some equipment, and some of the true
newbies coming in don't know they start off working their rears off to get
money, heck, I didn't when I first started.  Another thing is...  And it
has been held against us many a times...  Is that Everquest is not very
Newbie friendly.  PC Gamer stated such in their review of Luclin, hell, one
of my friends tried Everquest and hated it because of the treatment she got
from people.  Yes, a true newbie does not know all these things, but also
anyone with a sense of intelligence, knows that a person of same level with
full chain/plate set with weapons that are better than what is sold from a
merchant, that maybe there is another way to get items like that, or should
be able to by bugging higher levels to help fund them.

> > I am personally tired of lowbies coming up to me and going, "Plat plz"
"Do
> > you have anything to spare for a <race> <class>?".  Most of the gear I
have
> > gotten for my main, was from spending money or working a place.
>
> It has been pointed out many times and shown that the majority of those
that
> beg for platinum or items are alternate characters played by those with a
much
> higher level player. A true newbie may not even know how to give a
personal
> tell. Think back to when you were first playing? Did you beg for items?
Your
> comment above is only valid if YOU also begged for platinum or items when
you
> first started the game. I do not think you did that therefore I think
your
> statement is wrong. It is most likely old experienced players who state
they
> will not twink or those that cannot twink who generally beg for items
with
> their new alternate characters.

Yes.  Many of those times, it is a player playing an alternate character.
But does it mean true newbies won't ask either?  No.  And note...  People
ask this with Say, not just with /tells or with /ooc or /shout.  And then,
in some cases, I have seen a semi-newbie, who keeps recreating a character
carry on begging like this.  As for when I first started.  Read below, I
did donations, and told higher levels who benefited from one of my buffs if
they had something I could use and they didn't need it, I would
appreciated.  Did I go out of my way to harass players for stuff?  No.  Did
I beg for plat, no... I went around trying to milk the kills I made, offer
services that I could do, like bank runs for players.

> > It might just also eliminate the majority of the no-drop stuff...  I
mean,
> > I would love to be able to get other items later on, like the long wait
> > spawns.
>
> What game to do you play? No-drop stuff is not really in the game to stop
> twinking, even though it does have that side-effect. No-drop items are in
the
> game to either reduce the number of those items entering the world by
those
> items rotting when a character is not present that can use it. Or to
require
> people to specifically get an item themselves and not seek the easy
"un-earned"
> route and buying it. (see above about my thoughts on items "earned" and
realize
> that Verant being the designers of the game are in the position of
authority to
> make judgement calls as to what is earned and what is not.)

If you look at some of the other posting... There are some people who would
ENJOY having gotten rid of No-Drop on some items.  There are some no drop
Items I wouldn't mind handing down to my alts when they reach the level
acceptable to use them.  Some people also feel that they could go onto
Plane raids forever, and still not get stuff that might be good for their
character, but know of another person who could use it.  There are people
who find decent stuff rotting on mobs that they could have given to a
person in their guild because that person just happened to be unable to
attend.  The issue about 'earning' is looking at it this way:  You stick a
Centi Long Sword on your Level 1 Warrior.  Some of those true newbies will
wonder how to get such a weapon.  Hell, when I was working on my first
cleric fully, getting all the spam from EC on items sold... It made me
wonder how the hell am I going to get enough money to buy something decent,
when I barely break even trying to get spells and better armor than the
crap I was wearing.

> Personally, I always find many of those that seem to be against twinking
are
> really against everyone else but themselves twinking. They often make
> justifications as to why they can do something that is really a twinking
of a
> character while arguing ventimently against everyone else who is doing
the same
> thing. I ask you, what is the difference between character A buying a
> Wurmslayer at level 25 for 500pp and character B receiving a Wurmslayer
at
> level 25 from one of the higher level alternate characters that character
B
> has? Can either character A or B reasonabily kill the NPCs in question to
> complete the Wurmslayer quest at level 25? Whose is in a position of
authority
> to say that one person "earned" the item more then the other? Surely not
you or
> I.

I'm not against twinking... I just see the point of level restriction...
Hell, READ what I wrote...  I'm currently supporting 7 alts of my own,
putting in items I picked up or bought or made with my higher level.  I got
one cleric's smithing skill up to 156 or something there abouts dumping
about 800 plat and power smithing.  I got my Enchanter's Jewelcrafting up
to 99 burning up close to 1k in plat and using a bunch of gems I have been
collecting from hunting IGs.  The thing about level restriction, is that it
doesn't allow me to put items that would be more suited to be used against
mobs at a higher level with higher HP and higher xp.  I shouldn't have a
18th level Cleric able to own a 25th level Mob with a melee weapon suited
for a class that should be for a 30th to 40th level character.  It would be
like saying, "Hey!  My cleric makes a better tank than you!" to a newbie
warrior.  New generations shouldn't subject to that, especially if you want
them to learn their roles at the beginning.





