From -2880774196850392154
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ce5529dd90683411
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-20 05:08:56 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3BFA5384.305F65A2@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Low-level cleric and grouping
References: <Xns915E8DE631A51zymyool@129.15.2.142>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 174
Date: Tue, 20 Nov 2001 12:58:51 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 207.44.115.35
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1006261131 207.44.115.35 (Tue, 20 Nov 2001 07:58:51 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 20 Nov 2001 07:58:51 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:137140



Zymyool wrote:

> I've been soloing and duoing my Cleric ( currently 12th level ) so far, and
> I'm am about to start joining groups when my partner isn't available.  At
> this point, with the incredibly large percentage of the population
> not understanding grouping, I prefer duoing with someone intelligent over
> joining a group of unknowns, but I can't always eat my cake, too.
>
> But, before I start joining pick-up groups, I would like to understand more
> about timing on healing ( in groups ).
>
> How much health should I let my pet, uh, tank pull with?  When ( bubs of
> health ) should I be applying heals to keep aggro off of my ass?  Should I
> use more lower heals to reduce aggro or will that produce the opposite
> effect?
>
> I already have my "get this fucker off the cleric"-type hotkey set up, and
> I'm trying to get my AC as high as possible to take the pummeling when I -
> do- get aggro.  I'm also trying to get more mana items instead of the Wis I
> tems I already have.
>
> Any other tips?
>
> --
> Zymyool     34rd lvl Gnomish Chanter ( Guk'n it, got my EE bag! )
> Draglorvin  24th lvl Dwarven Warrior ( Fear me, Sarnaks )
> Pheilmi     23rd lvl Gnomish Necro   ( Poor Hermie )
> Duesservus  12th lvl Dwarven Cleric  ( Going for Quest Armor )
> Karana Server

Know your party, know your abilities.

Calculate your total mana, with wis and mana equipment on.

At low levels, its really hard to tell what the HP bar represents on your
party members.  When you join a group (or if you form one) find out
class and level of everyone, and after you buff them up, get their HP
totals... their AC totals as well might be informative, especially if
you are the group leader.  At higher levels, there won't be such massive
disparity in HP, and you'll generally know roughly what a Warrior's
HP bar represents as compared to a Ranger's or an Enchanter's.
At your level, though, a twinked out enchanter might have twice the
HP and AC of your true newbie warrior, and one "tank" may very well
have twice the HP/AC of another.

Now look at your available spells for healing.  Generally there will
be three of interest; the latest heal you got, the heal before that,
and your best HP buff.

The latest heal you got will likely be the one you use in a tough fight
to heal tanks with.  You need to know your total mana so you can
judge how many of these you have left at any point.  Also, compare
mana cost per point healed.

The previous heal is for your caster members, as it is generally faster,
and you really shouldn't need a massive heal on them before their
aggro is eliminated.  Casters tend to die no matter what the healer
does if nothing is done to get the mob off of them, so there's no
need to waste mana on a big heal that will likely either come too late
or end up not healing to its full capacity because the caster wasn't
that hurt.  Mana cost per point healed isn't going to be as good
on this one... but you might use it on your tanks to top them off
between battles, or in a really tough fight if you need to heal multiple
tanks in a mana crunch or as that last ditch "LOM can't cast the big
heal" effort.

Here's the thing, at low levels, that many clerics don't think of.  If
someone already has your HP buff on, when you cast it again, it
acts as a heal.  It also refreshes the duration on the HP buff.  At
many levels, this is your most mana efficient heal, not, as you might
expect, the big "real" heal.  Further, HP buff generates much less
aggro than "real" heal spells.  In a more relaxed fight, when the
longer casting time isn't an issue, this is the heal you should be
using on your tanks.  Its also ideal for down time healing of anyone
hurt enough to need more than the bandaid of your smaller heal.
Look at mana cost per point healed on your best HP buff, its often
quite a surprise.

HP Buff heal won't work if someone has a "better" HP buff on,
so be careful if you get thrown into an already running group and
they want you to start healing before you've buffed everyone.
If you are allowed time to do a round of buffing, you'll rapidly
find out who the HP buff does and does not stick to.  Depending
on what buff is preventing your cast, you may want to ask them
to drop it, although if someone is running around with Resolution
on, he probably won't want to lose half his HP total just so you can
have a more efficient healing tool.

Aggro management:

Stand up when the pull comes in.  Sitting is
a taunt, and if there is more than one mob, the adds haven't had
any taunt other than the fact that someone hit their buddy... they
will often walk around and smack everyone that is sitting when
they arrive.  Be polite, stand up when company enters the room
and stay standing until they all take their seats...which is to say
get whatever you are using for crowd control applied.

Try not to heal the puller as he comes screaming in.  Sometimes
you must.... but you will almost certainly get any adds on you,
and sometimes the target mob as well.  If possible, again wait
until all the guests are seated.  Letting the puller die, on the
other hand, is bad manners as well.


Use distance, proximity is a taunt.  Find a spot in the back,
close enough to heal the combatents, but only that close.
Learn the ranges of your heals... which are probably shorter
than the caster's nukes.  Since this means you may be sitting
between them and the battle, you'll also have to stay out of
direct line of fire, some of those spells won't go around you,
unlike your own heals and nukes.

Use HP buff heal when possible, which is to say when the
victim's HP bar isn't dropping like a rock.  Less aggro, more
efficiency, good all the way around.

If you are dealing with Mes as a crowd control, you may
want to root the adds before they are awakened.  Yes, this
makes them hate you even more, but they probably hate
either you or the chanter most of all already.  Better you
than him, he doesn't have the HP and AC to handle an angry mob,
and you do... at least long enough for your group to pull it off
you.  You see, everything that everyone does to the target mob
generates hate only from that mob.  Healing the enemies of
a mob, though, makes that mob hate you as if you had damaged
it directly.  As you heal the party who is fighting that first mob,
the adds are all stewing about it, sitting there rooted or mesed.
By the time they wake up, you and the person who cast on them
(the chanter or rooter) are the first things they want to kill.  Some
good effort on the part of your group, taunting and snaring and so
forth before break, will help here, but not if mes/root breaks
before that first fight is over.

Of course if possible all mobs should be snared, all party member
SOW'd... an important component of any group is a snarer,
which at your level means a druid, ranger, necro or (maybe?)
shadowknight.  Later on Wizards also get a snare, but thats
not going to help you now.  If the mob is snared and you are
SOWed, or at least one of the two, you may -want- to aggro
it.  Then you can run it around in circles till the party is finished
with the first mob, or you can move it out of the way and root
it.  In this case, do the opposite of what I've suggested.  Slap
a heal on the puller as he comes in, then sit down in the flight path
out in front of the designated killing field. Odds are good that add
is going to change his mind and smack you one.. now that you
are standing, run him off away from the party and circle them or
root park him somewhere where he can't hit anyone. Hopefully
that heal on the puller will hold him till you get back.

Remember, you are a Plate class healer; don't be afraid to take
some hits, in fact you -need- to get beat on in order to get your
defense skill to go up.  At your level, you may well have more
HP and AC than anyone in your party.  On the other hand,
you won't have the channelling skill to get off those heals while
its happening, so you can't keep let them beat on you forever
unless the fight is going so well that noone is really getting hurt.

Bergh Brelltender
53 Vicar, Morel  Thule

Srimp Scampi
30 Druid, Morel Thule

Formerly
Praise
49 cleric, Luclin

so I've been thru "lowbie healer" more than once...





