From -1986273086746465885
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,248d84bb71b7207b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-24 05:13:22 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!in.100proofnews.com!in.100proofnews.com!newsfeed2.kddnet.ad.jp!news-out.superfeed.net!propagator2-maxim!feed-maxim.newsfeeds.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F991102.CD73E321@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Another Rant : Kill Stealers
References: <Hj7mb.1131$t65.990@news02.roc.ny>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 106
Date: Fri, 24 Oct 2003 11:55:32 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.216.131.248
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1066996532 66.216.131.248 (Fri, 24 Oct 2003 07:55:32 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 24 Oct 2003 07:55:32 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:4216



KSF wrote:

> Last nite on the Drinal server in Estate of the UnRest i had 2 floors of the
> complex camped, bout 1 room each and easily covered by sitting on the stairs
> so no one would take them.  I had been in there for a little over an hour
> when someone asked me to sow/boff

You do realize that Buffing is slang for casting those nice
spells like SOW and Strength and Regen, while Boffing is slang
for having casual sex?

them down stairs so I did.  I come back
> after answering another person that the "bar room" and "top floor" were
> taken only find that same person taking out BOTH rooms.  Now when I was
> talking to them, which I would love to talk to thier guild, they became very
> biligerant towards me.  Is this a higher level character thing? Just because
> they are a higher level character they are allowed to walk over people as if
> they are GOD? 

If you are not there, then your claim to be holding down the camp
isn't likely to be taken too seriously.  SOE doesn't support
camping at all, so all camp claims are subject only to the good
manners of the people playing.  While it may have been rude of
the person that came and took your camp while you were away, this
isn't something exclusive to high level characters, rather its
the result of agressive personality combined with percieved lack
of consequences.

Then, not more then an HOUR later, another character came in
> while i was in the midst of hitting a ghoul with fire arrows and had them
> down to 78% damage, he comes in hits him twice, drops the ghoul dead and
> then tells me i'm being the crybaby for HIM stealing my kill. 

Now this is kill stealing, its against SOE rules, reportable and
actionable by them.  Of course normally you'd never be able to
prove that it happened... unless the guy doing it is stupid
enough to admit it.  Scroll to that part of the conversation
where he did, type /report and his name, then petition and
explain that he kill stealed you and that there's a report with
his name showing him admitting it.

ALternately, petition without the report if you can't get an
admission of guilt, and a GM will show up and observe while GM
invisible (meaning See Invis won't work); if he does it again
while observed he's in trouble.

Only flaw with the above plans is that for the past couple years
there have been so few GMs in the game that you may have to wait
9 hours to see one.  Good luck on that.

 Lots of folks
> wondered why I left HighKeep, this is the reason i'll be leaving unrest as
> well.  Don't people understand when you camp something it means your waiting
> for more monsters to spawn to get more EXP or Loot?
> 
Everyone understands this.  But they too want exp and loot.  Or
just loot, in the case of people killing greens.  Since there's
no way (on most servers) for you to attack them, selfish people
can just come in and take what they want.  Funny thing is, SOE
supports this behavior to some extent; there IS no camping
according to them, whoever first engages a mob after it pops owns
it until they die or it dies.  You've been sitting there killing
its placeholders for 14 hours, but DruidX comes in just after it
pops and kills it while you are getting ready to pull it?  His
kill, nice and clean, good use of Track skill.

> I guess, first off, how do I go about filing a complaint with the ones guild
> and second how can I get the later one to back off and leave my kills alone.
> 
Well, do a /all "guild name" to find other guild members, pick a
high level member and send him a tell asking for an officer, then
send a tell to the officer in question.  You are far more likely
to get results this way than via the GMs.  But still, don't count
on it, you don't really have much of a case, since you abandoned
your camp site. Yes, you were being nice... but you weren't
there.

Getting someone to back off and leave your kills alone is
generally a simple matter of not flying off the handle when it
happens the first time.  There are honest mistakes in the game,
and if you politely mention that you had things under control and
didn't need the help the person who horned in will usually
respect that.  Come at them balls to the wall as though they
deliberately raped your grandmother in front of you and they are
likely to react badly... and may continue doing something that
was relatively innocent at first on purpose just to be "in your
face" about it.   In the end, though, some people delight in
screwing with other people's game.  Thing is, these people -want-
you to fly into a rage.  So once more, a polite answer turneth
away the wrath; often they'll get bored screwing with you if you
react as though they aren't intentionally messing with you.  Or
you can move to somewhere else, or log off for a while, or
whatever.  The few times I've allowed myself to really get into a
screaming fit with someone doing this sort of thing, I've never
felt satisfied, its pointless, I'm doing something I don't enjoy
and the person who provoced it is getting what they want anyway.

If the person follows you to a new camp, then you need to get
serious about contacting a GM, because if he's doing that to you,
he'll do it to others... and SOE might shrug off petty camp
stealing, but they aren't real happy about harrassment.  (it will
still be 9 hours before they get back to you)

Bergh, 65 cleric, Morel-Thule


