From 3180431514198164166
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ad40b0c1ac4f999d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-22 16:54:21 PST
From: Jeremiah Kristal <jeremiah@NOSPAM.bbi.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Newbie question on starting a duo ......
Date: Tue, 22 Jan 2002 20:01:25 -0500
Message-ID: <g8vr4uoubv2vdm7ejo80460krsho8t8iep@4ax.com>
References: <5ff90371.0201221519.394ef1df@posting.google.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
NNTP-Posting-Host: olive.w86th.com
X-Trace: nntp2.nac.net 1011747266 olive.w86th.com (22 Jan 2002 19:54:26 -0500)
Lines: 105
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newspeer1.nac.net!nntp2.nac.net
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:159228

On 22 Jan 2002 15:19:38 -0800, gypsyheart2001@home.com (Terri D~)
wrote:

>Hello all,
>Husband and I were avid Diablo players until recently, and lets just
>say we burned out.  SO, I bought EQ on Saturday and gave it a whirl. 
>At first, I was lost and confused.... but with the help of some really
>nice people, I manage to get my Wizard (high-elf) to Lvl3 and learn my
>way around Felwithe and Kelethin.
>
>Hubby has taken interest and wants to get another CD, so we can play
>together.
>He REALLY likes the brute melee charactors (played barbarian on Diablo
>exclusively) and has decided he wants to play an Ogre. (thinking it's
>the strongest)  I know just enough about EQ at this point to realize
>he would spawn on the other side of the world, and we'd have a hard
>time playing together, as is. (unless I convince him to choose
>something in my zone.)
>
>HERE'S MY QUESTION:
>
>Please tell me what two players would make a viable newbie duo, that
>includes a strong melee charactor???  Ok guys, take it easy with the
>acronyms and tell what you think?  I'm more flexible, but need to
>figure this out quick.
>
>I want him to share this new addiction with me. :)

Hmmm, he wants to be a strong melee character, which I assume probably
means he wants to be a warrior, or maybe a paladin or a shadowknight.
Almost all races can be warriors, except for Erudites and High Elves,
and there isn't *that* much of a difference between the races.  The
large races (ogres, trolls, and barbarians) can't be stunned from the
front, trolls and iksar have a bit more natural healing that other
classes.  The issue is that trolls, ogres, and iksar are considered
evil characters, and start out being hated in most of the places in
Norrath, other than the other evil cities.
There are 3 pure melee classes:  warrior, rogue, and monk; 3 hybrid
classes:  paladin, shadow knight, and ranger; and that weird bard
class which doesn't really fit in anywhere.  Warriors are the true
tanks, they do melee damage only, and almost any race can be a
warrior.  Shadow Knights are evil characters with a lot of warrior and
a little necromancer, Ogres, Trolls, Humans, Iksar, Dark Elves, and
Erudites can all be SKs.  Paladins are the good guys, they are
basically warriors with a some cleric spells.  They can be High Elf,
Half-elf, Human, and Erudites, but are probably not the kind of
character your husband is looking for since they are the 'take one for
the team, die so that others may live' type.  Of the other types,
rangers are humans, wood elves, or  half-elves and do decent damage,
but lack plate mail, so end up with rather low armor class; rogues are
almost any race, do huge damage, but are almost entirely group
dependant; monks are limited to human or iksar, severly restricting in
the amount of weight they can carry, and are much better at dealing
out damage than taking it; and finally bards are human, wood elf,
half-elf, or vah shir and do the least melee damage, but have a huge
number of additional skills.
Another issue is that melee characters really need a healer with them,
especially for a first character.  (Once you've leveled a character up
through 50 or so, you'll have enough money to buy gear for your new
low-level characters that allow them to operate pretty much
independantly for the first 30 or so levels.)  A wizard warrior combo
probably isn't going to work out that well if you're just learing the
game, though there really is no character combo that won't work if
you're just patient enough.
If your husband is dead-set on being a melee class, you'll probably
need to play a class that can heal somewhat.  The priest classes are
cleric, shaman, and druid.  All of these can partner with a melee
class and be very successful, though the conventional wisdom is that
the absolute best two-person team is a monk and a shaman.  The monk
has the ability to pull single monster, and do the melee damage.  The
shaman slows the monster, casts damaging spells on the monsters, buffs
the tank, and heals the tank.  If you're looking to start in the same
spot you could be a barbarian shaman and he could be a human monk
starting in qeynos, or you could both be iksar and start in cabilis.
Cabilis may be the best newbie zone in the game, but it is VERY remote
from the rest of the starting cities, which may be a problem for your
first characters.  
Another possible combination is shaman/sk.  Either of you can be
either a troll or an ogre (the cities of Grobb and Ogguk aren't very
far apart and trolls and ogres are generall welcome in both cities),
and your husband can play a real big bruising tank type, who also has
the ability to not only do melee damage but also cast some decent
spells, feign death (monks get this as a skill, necromancers and SKs
get it as a spell), and have a pet for additional damage.  
All of these possibilities require you to change your character, which
is unfair and sexist of me.  Being a rather enlighted type, you might
try and convince your husband to play a caster type to group with you.
While they are VERY different from a melee class, I think a lot of
people who like tank types get very fond of necromancers.  A
necromancer is probably the most powerful solo class, and they can
really be just unstoppable if paired with another caster type.  They
get to make pets starting from level one, and they work out pretty
well with wizards, or so I've heard.
Anyway, this is probably WAY more information than you wanted, but I
hope you find something useful here.  For additional information, and
especially recommended starting stats, check out the class areas at
eq.castersrealm.com, probably the best single EQ character site on the
net.  Other useful sites are:
www.eqatlas.com
www.eqmaps.com
everquest.allakhazam.com

Arolpin
59 bard



