From -5774238885224612157
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,25478f89266323c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-15 20:04:32 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.xnet.com!dfw-peer!news.verio.net!dfw-read.news.verio.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Sensei" <sensei@-=DONOTSPAMHEREYOUHOE!=-ve3d.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: MORE Stuff on Test Server
Lines: 165
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <Ivzk8.5932$JZ6.139322@dfw-read.news.verio.net>
Date: Fri, 15 Mar 2002 22:04:01 -0600
NNTP-Posting-Host: 206.50.88.126
X-Complaints-To: abuse@verio.net
X-Trace: dfw-read.news.verio.net 1016251496 206.50.88.126 (Sat, 16 Mar 2002 04:04:56 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 16 Mar 2002 04:04:56 GMT
Organization: Verio
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:175951

Just got this on a test server patch message:

- We have added some extensive new chat features. Please check the updated
eqmanual_supplement.doc file in your EverQuest directory for more
information. As with all things on Test, these commands may change.

- We've also added some new functionality for the messages generated when
you hit something or when something hits you. Here's the programmer version
of the instructions. We'll get more user friendly instructions in to the
manual supplement by the time we patch the live servers.

- Added /hitsmode, this lets you control how you see the messages for when
you hit something. This allows you to have information about others' hits
and misses and your own hits and misses to a location outside your chat
window. As we are still working on this, please use the in-game help for
more information (it will be updated as changes are made). You can access
the in-game help for this new feature by typing /hitsmode

- We're still working to prevent characters from being stuck in the game
after link death and preventing the player from logging back in. Players
should be able to log back in after 5 minutes after going link dead in all
situations

- /rtarget should be working fully now. Please try it out. /rtarget (you can
use /rt) should target the last person to send you a /tell (assuming that
target also meets all of the requirements for normal use of /target)

- Metabolism should be working properly now. If you have this ability,
please take a moment to see that it does indeed reduce your food consumption

- There is a new critical hits message filter. Please check your Options -
Chat Filter area for the new Critical Melee and Critical Spells check boxes

- Halflings and Gnomes have new classes available to them: Halfling Rangers
and Paladins as well as Gnome ShadowKnights and Paladins. All of the
necessary NPCs and items should be available for these new classes

- We've been working on a fix for the troubles with some Bard songs and
items. While we haven't found a solution yet, please keep your eyes open for
any new issues with things like Boon of the Garou

- Spell memorization speed should now take +Meditate% skill items into
account

- Bard song memorization time should now be faster and is affected by
attributes

- Scribble Notes should reduce memorization times to an even greater extent
than it did before

- We have made some changes to the volume and type of information that
player characters send to each other. This should provide some noticeable
reduction of overhead. PLEASE be conscious of any strange activities
regarding player movement and let us know what you observe

- Sense spells should now work on horseback

- Divine Stun is now an activateable skill. It should have a chance to stun
up to and including level 60 NPC's, though it is still resistable

- Instances of duplicate guild messages should be eliminated

- We've added a new .ini option "DoProperTinting=TRUE". This does, well,
pretty much what it says it does. Please turn this option on (it is set to
FALSE by default) and let us know how it works for you. If you have it on
and you see oddly tinted things (such as skin tinted along with armor,
rather than just the armor), or any other odd graphics issues once you turn
this feature on, please let us know. We'll want to know what video card and
driver you are using and a very detailed description of any graphical
anomalies. The most common anomaly is "All character skin is tinted 100%
dark," which either means a) you need the latest driver for your video card
or b) your card will not support this feature.

- Messages sent to you while you are zoning should be saved and sent to you
when you reach the other side of the zone. Messages should no longer be lost
while zoning (unless zoning takes more than about 10 minutes for any reason)

- Item no longer go on a corpse if you are below level 10. Please keep your
eyes open for any anomalies with this new code

- You should no longer lose experience below level 10. Again, please look
for possible issues with experience loss at lower levels (and at all levels,
for that matter)

- When you ding level 10 you will be informed that your items will now be on
your corpse. Let us know if you don't see this message

- When you ding level 10 you will be informed that you will lose experience
now upon death. Let us know if you don't see this message

- Characters no longer start with the Tome of Discord. It must be obtained
from the Priest of Discord. If you can't obtain the Tome or if you start a
new character and have one on you, please let us know

- If someone is on your ignore list and they do a /random, you shouldn't see
it anymore

- We've made some changes to the code for Mesmerization and Stun. Please be
aware of any anomalies. For example: Are things that are normally immune to
stun or mez still immune? Are normal stun or mez spells working normally?
Are spell interruptions working normally? The changes we've made shouldn't
have affected the way things work, so let us know if they did

- The starting locations for most new characters has been changed. If any of
these locations seem odd (like inside a wall or under water or something
silly like that), please let us know

- The command /showgrass [on|off] should work to turn flora on or off for
all clients that have TnL capable video cards

- Axes should no longer protruding from a player's body if they are a human
monk with their form changed to dark elf (via Guise of the Deceiver). This
may fix any problem where weapons are protruding from the body. Please let
us know if you see other cases where this still happens

- You should be able to keep typing whatever you were in the middle of
typing when you zoned... but it might not be processed till you're in your
new zone. This isn't expected to be a perfect feature, but try it out

- The canoes should work again

- AA targeting issues should be fixed now

- We think we've fixed the double message "Soandso's song ends." Please try
this out and let us know if it's still happening

- We've made it so that critical hit messages from spells take into account
PvP damage calculations. The actual damage was calculated correctly, it was
just displaying wrong on the critical message

- We've changed the way Rampage considers targets. It should now be able to
hit players in PvP and any other valid targets players can usually attack

- The corpse decay timer should display correctly even after the
resurrection timer wears off

- Pressing Mend when it appears can result in "Can not use Mend for x
seconds". You will still get the message, but you now should be able to use
mend at the appropriate time

- Other players with /consent will now be able to summon a player's corpse
that has been auto-moved to the safe spot in a zone. Previously, only the
owner of the corpse was permitted to summon it. This is something that we'd
really like you to keep an eye on. If you see any odd effects from corpse
summoning, please report them in detail. (If you're familiar with the
corpse-in-wall effect in templeveeshan - This will help address the issue
with safe-spot corpses being undraggable.)

- Keep your eyes on Frenzied Burnout. We've restructured some code, and our
changes shouldn't affect the way it works. If it's working differently,
please let us know

- Now when a levitation spell wears off, it first checks to see if you are
still levitating due to a second spell before hurling you to the ground

- We have fixed the ATI flashing problem when inventory window is up on
certain video cards.

- Added Sharvahl as a "home zone" for Vahshir when taking PvP racial faction
hits into account


- The EverQuest Team




