From -3109333827589835265
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b1bbf9d03845b7ae,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-22 08:52:21 PST
From: "Lokee" <G.Booth@usm.edu>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Neriak 'Miniraid'
Date: Mon, 22 Mar 2004 10:57:07 -0600
Lines: 114
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
NNTP-Posting-Host: 131.95.203.243
Message-ID: <405f19be@nntp.usm.edu>
X-Trace: nntp.usm.edu 1079974334 131.95.203.243 (22 Mar 2004 10:52:14 -0600)
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!border1.nntp.ash.giganews.com!border2.nntp.ash.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!cyclone1.gnilink.net!gnilink.net!bigfeed2.bellsouth.net!news.bellsouth.net!nntp.usm.edu!not-for-mail
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:24647

What follows is an in-characterization of an 'invasion' upon the Dark Elf
city of Neriak by two Dwarven brothers, Claviger and Hartwin.

-----

    In the wee hours of the morn, two Dwarven bruthers crept closer ta
Neriak, the Dark Elf city, which is also home ta the Trolls as well. The
Dwarves are Claviger, a warrior o' 51 seasons, and his younger bruther,
Hartwin, meself, a cleric o' the 45th Circle o' the Inner Sanctum o' Brell
Serilis. Our plan is ta sneak pass'd the very powerful guards standin' at
the entrance ta the city by droppin' inta the cavern openin' behind them.
This proves not ta work, and we run inta the city, eludin' the guards by
hidin' in the great foyer just pass'd the entrance o' the city.

    Once the danger had pass'd, we began by pullin' guards away from the
gates below the hill. Thin's went smoothly; Claviger would pull a guard up
the hill and melee him, while I nuked or rooted as appropriate and healed
Clav, then I would loot the bodies. For a while, this was the way of thin's,
but shortly thin's changed slightly. A young Dark Elf shadow knight,
apparen'ly with some grudge again' the guards, came up ta us and began
asking if he could loot some o' the corpses. Beggars are always annoyin',
but especially beggars o' the same race that we are killin'. As he was
young, we had no desire ta kill him, so we decided ta have a bit o' fun with
him instead.

    I decided ta let him have the shields we'd been lootin', since they were
o' little value, and Claviger told him that he should take a swipe at each
guard once they began ta run. This got him kilt twice that I saw, although
his god brought him back to life each time and he rejoined us. We had
difficulty understandin' each other at first, but durin' one of me times of
meditatin', he taught us some o' his language. We already had a workin'
knowledge o' Dark Elvish, so it didn't take us long ta grasp the
complexities o' the language, and before long, we were conversin' in the
dark tongue as if we were masters.

    We began drawin' a crowd o' the local residents, with whom we had no
particular grudge, ta watch the festivities and before long, they began ta
interfere. They would get in the way while we were tryin' ta fight the
guards, then they began callin' ta other guards ta assist, and soon we had a
mass o' guards upon us. I was kilt while castin' a heal upon me bruther, and
found meself back in Gunthak, where me soul is bound. Fortunately, a nice
wizard was in the vicinity and she cast one o' her gatin' spells upon me,
sendin' me ta the Plane o' Knowledge so I could easily run back ta Neriak.
Once I arrived there, I found the guards outside mysteriously missin' from
their posts and was able ta get ta the entrance o' the city with no problem,
where I found me bruther, bleedin' and nearly dead. I cast one o' me
complete heals on him, then went inside ta find me body so I could resurrect
meself.

    This was not ta be simple, however, as I had time only ta retrieve me
armor from me corpse before the locals started callin' the guards upon me
again. Me bruther had returned ta me side by this point, and he started
fightin' the guards. I cast me complete heals upon him until the locals
brought still more guards who attacked me and kept interruptin' me spell
castin'. Clav was nearly dead when one o' the guards mesmerized him, and I
saw him runnin' down the hill out o' control. With a heavy and sad heart, I
had no choice but ta turn and run meself back outside before I could be kilt
a second time.

    Me bruther was kilt, and I sneaked back inta the city and resurrected
meself, facina the angry shouts o' the citizens. Ignorin' them, I turned and
went back outside ta recover from the debilitatin' effects o' a resurrection
where I could hide meself in peace for a few moments. One o' the less evil
Dark Elves found me, and an offer was made ta retrieve me bruther's corpse
for a resurrection. By the time I was recovered, Claviger's corpse was
waitin' just inside the city, where an angry mob still gathered shoutin'
insults ta me and shoutin' ta each other about what was going on. Ignorin'
them still, I resurrected me bruther, and complete healed him. While still
recoverin' from the resurrection effects, he took umbrage with what an older
Dark Elf was sayin' about us, and challenged him ta a duel. Watching me
bruther get cut down by the Dark Elf was too much, and I o' course healed me
bruther a couple o' times before I accidently healed the Dark Elf. This
brought about much confusion, and I asked, in the native language, if we
couldn't just all get along and call a truce. The Dark Elf told me bruther
that he certainly was courageous ta have challenged him. I answered that me
bruther does not lack in courage, perhaps in brains, but not in courage.

    And with that, we turned, carryin' our treasures with us, and left the
Dark City ta the Dark Beings that dwell within.

-----
OOC:
    We'd planned to 'invade' Neriak a day earlier, but found ourselves
caught up in other things at the time, so our 'invasion' came later than
we'd planned. We were having a great time, then the PCs of the zone started
getting in the way when we were trying to fight, and began training guards
on us after a while. When this got us killed, I was rather pissed off about
them training on us, but Clav's player, a long-time friend of mine, felt
that they were keeping completely in RP by defending their city in such a
fashion. He finally convinced me of that, although I still think it was a
bit underhanded and dirty to train on us to the point of getting us killed.
After all, it's an RP server, not a PK one, but...underhanded or not, I do
agree that it was still RP, and what else to expect of a Dark Elf but
something underhanded and dirty (for in-character play, that is)? The
shouting going on inside the city was mostly between 2 factions, those of
the Dark Elves who felt that training on us was right and justified, and
those among them who felt it wasn't RP at all, just mean. However,
regardless of the end result, we did succeed in actually getting Neriak
filled up with PCs. When we began our 'invasion', there were only 1 or 2 PCs
in the city; by the time we left, there were quite a few more, most of which
camped out after we left, so I can only imagine that some sort of network
was set up, sending tells to alts of the resident PCs that the city was
under attack.

    Too bad the Neriak daily news won't contain an article about the
'invasion' of the Dark City by a 'horde' of two Dwarven brothers. :P We did
manage to create quite a controversy in that city yesterday. And we had a
great time doing it, too. :)

-- 
>*<>*<>*<>*<>*<>*<>*<
Hartwin 45 Dwarf Cleric Firiona Vie




