From 1213311816590603391
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4b878f9c4a253a16,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!wn14feed!worldnet.att.net!attbi_s01.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <40E67FA5.BE294297@nowhere.net>
From: Darren Chriest <notme@nowhere.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.08 [en] (WinNT; U)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Funny Everquest Story #1 (The necromancer gets a huge scoop of vanilla...)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 99
NNTP-Posting-Host: 67.168.79.2
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-Trace: attbi_s01 1088847785 67.168.79.2 (Sat, 03 Jul 2004 09:43:05 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 03 Jul 2004 09:43:05 GMT
Organization: Comcast Online
Date: Sat, 03 Jul 2004 09:43:06 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:8558

The necromancer gets a huge scoop of vanilla and three large scoops of
other flavors. The necromancer also gets nice fancy flavored toppings.
The ice cream man reduces the vanilla scoop from huge to large. The
necromancer throws a fit. Promises of more fancy toppings do not console
him.The necromancer is not allowed to share his ice cream or sauce with
anybody else. He cites that as proof he NEEDS more than anyone else.The
other kids don't particularly like the necromancer, but who can blame
them?

The wizard is given a big scoop of what he believes to be the most
popular flavor of ice cream. He is also given a little cart so he can
show off his bowl to everyone else, whether they like it or not. He
eventually realizes, that not only is the flavor not particularily
popular, but neither is he. Other kids just use him to get a ride in his
cart. To top it off, he has less ice cream than anybody else.

The shaman get a normal size scoop of vanilla, and three big scoops of
different flavors. One day the ice cream man changes one flavor to
something slightly different. Some shamans like it, some do not. Shamans
get a lot of sauces, too. Other kids think they don't get enough of the
most important sauce. They are wrong.

Druids (there is always more than one) are given four scoops, but they
are all half-sized. Most never notice they have less ice cream than the
shaman until until they are done eating and the shaman is still munching
away. When the ice cream man swaps out one of their flavors, though,
they all scream bitterly. Druids get some nice sauces, and they get the
wizard's cart, too. Everyone hates druids.

The magician gets a big scoop of vanilla, a normal scoop of one of the
druid's flavors, one small scoop of the wizard's flavor and a ball of
rice, but he doesn't complain despite no toppings of any kind. The
magician doesn't really want the ball of rice, but is constantly begged
by the necromancer and younger kids to share it. One day, the ice cream
man decides this is unappealing, and gives the magician an even bigger
ball of rice. The magician still doesn't complain. Eventually, the ice
cream man gives the magician a topping and a larger scoop of vanilla.
The magician gets to keep the enormous ball of rice.

The enchanter gets his pick of ice cream and all but one of the most
popular sauces. How many picks he gets to make is determined by an IQ
test. In any case, he can only have a small scoop of vanilla, and to eat
it he has to get a swat on the head first. If they stick with it long
enough, enchanters get exclusive access to the most popular sauce.
Almost everyone but warriors and older necromancers plead constantly for
him to share the special sauce.

Bards are given a small scoop of vanilla and up to six scoops of any one
other flavor they choose, but they have to give away all but one of
these special scoops. This makes them sort of popular, but if they give
away too much of certain flavors the ice cream man beats them senseless.

The warrior gets a huge scoop of vanilla. Its almost as big as any three
normal scoops of ice cream. But the warrior doesn't understand that. He
wants at least two scoops that size, and would still feel cheated
because all the casters get at least three scoops. He also wants sauce
and other flavors of ice cream too. The ice cream man makes his scoop a
little bigger, and gives him some spinkles. The warrior is sullen.

The ranger gets a big heaping mass of vanilla, but not quite as big as
the warrior's. He also gets a nice selection of sauces, and some tiny
spoonfulls of the druid flavors of ice cream. When new sauces are
introduced, the ranger generally gets first dibs. He pretty much agrees
with the warrior about how unjust the ice cream man is.

The Paladin is given a smaller serving of vanilla than the ranger. He
also gets a lot of the most popular sauce. He grumbles about the ice
cream man more than anyone, because paladins are supposed to have the
most ice cream AND sauce. Rangers and Paladins are both told to eat
their ice cream from a bowl, but using a fork instead of a spoon.

The Monk is given an enormous portion of vanilla, one of the largest
servings of ice cream in the game. But its served to him in a cracked
cone instead of a bowl. If he doesn't eat it just right, most of it will
melt. He also gets sprinkles. Eventually, the ice cream man takes away
half the sprinkles.

The Shadowknight is given a slighly smaller vanilla scoop than the
Paladin. He also gets one tiny nibbit of each of the necromancer's
scoops. He is told that because he gets FIVE scoops, more than anyone
else, he must eat his ice cream from a dog dish without any silverware.
He gets no sauce. Shadowknights complain a lot, and everyone feels sorry
for them.

The rogue is given an enormous portion of chocolate ice cream. Like the
monk, it is in a cone instead of a bowl. That's not what bothers the
rogue. The rogue is ticked because he wanted milk chocolate, not
chocolate ice cream. He usually throws his cone away.

The cleric is given several tiny scoops of ice cream and lots and lots
of a very popular sauce. He is expected to dish out this sauce to anyone
who asks. If he tries to eat his ice cream, other kids yell that he
doesn't know how to be a cleric. Clerics who want to eat ice cream
instead of giving other kids their sauce have to eat alone. A lot of the
other kids complain there are never any clerics around. They refuse
offers from shamans and druids for the same sauce, because they think it
tastes better when a cleric dishes it out.




