From -3231719445759521645
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b896cf9f0eebe7e1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-04-06 09:35:06 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!isdnet!diablo.theplanet.net!news.theplanet.net!newspost.theplanet.net!not-for-mail
From: "no one" <fish@carp.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Enchanter blues...
Date: Fri, 6 Apr 2001 17:34:00 +0100
Lines: 92
Message-ID: <9akr7f$ee2$1@newsg1.svr.pol.co.uk>
References: <3acdb9b3.5331387@news.club-internet.fr>
NNTP-Posting-Host: modem-26.aluminum.dialup.pol.co.uk
X-Trace: newsg1.svr.pol.co.uk 986574895 14786 62.136.12.26 (6 Apr 2001 16:34:55 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: 6 Apr 2001 16:34:55 GMT
X-Complaints-To: abuse@theplanet.net
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2919.6600
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6600
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:63756

Don't give up! The situation you describe is an exception for your level.
Unrest is very good exp but has its downfalls because of the aggro ranges
and inherrent bugs that are there as well, Castle Mistmoore is very similar.
The AoE mez is a train breaker and can save the party in an awkward
situation, it is also very useful for evacs i.e. it has gone all horribly
wrong, evac is called, you stand on the Wizzy/Druid colour flux and then AE
mez, sure you mez yourself but it gives those added valuable seconds for the
evac to kick in.

For Unrest and any other swarms I found that it is better to single mez
using Enthrall. Training your group to interact correctly with an Enchanter
is the first hurdle. Time after Time I died becuase the different party
members were attacking the mobs I have mezzed and they sure hate you for
messing with their minds which is why it is so difficult for tanks to pull
them off you. I have a hot key for mez along the lines of /gsay Mezzing a
%t. Do not attack it. The Ae mez has too many resists, especially if your
CHA is low.

Stay cool and calm like the group GOD you WILL become. Step back and take
stock of the situation (about 1 second should be sufficient :p )and don't
panic. Sure you can and unfortunately will die at times. If need be move
around a little and target the ones that are not targetted by the tanks.
Cast Enthrall. Most of the times the NPC hates the tanks so much they will
ignore if resisted and carry on beating on the tank. Once the targets needed
are mezzed then Tashan them to give less chance of them breaking. By this
time the first Mob should be dead and the next target chosen. Make them back
up a little, better to train them to auto do this and then re mez the
already mezzed remaining Mobs. as each Mob is enthralled the damage to your
tanks is lessened so the situation will ease giving your healers an easier
time on life support. Concentrate soley on the crowd control and dont debuff
what they are fighting until the time comes when there are only 2 or three
remaining and then mana permitting debuff etc.

If you party regularly with friends then it is good practise to go to a low
mob camp like the goblin camps in butcher block and have your tank create a
train and practise your skills. I have posted a guide to chanter kiting in
this group which was flamed as all posts seem to. My guide is for you to
increase your levels and power quickly but you must always practise your art
as it becomes the only thing you do later on in the deep dark dungeons of
Kunark etc. Enchanters start life soling like all others but depend on
grouping later more so than others.

Also as an Enchanter at high levels you will have a lot of invites to
participate in raids performed by guilds that you are not a member of so
have more opportunity for adventure.

Hope this is of use

Always remember if in doubt RUN!! lol

Jontom Merrywether, Xegony

"Jo" <newspost@netcourrier.com> wrote in message
news:3acdb9b3.5331387@news.club-internet.fr...
> When I created my Enchanter alt, I loved him right away from level 1,
> and started even playing him more than my main, mellee, character. Of
> course, I heard all about older Enchanters telling me how we
> Enchanters are usually the first in a party to die, but I never really
> seen how it could be (heck, we just have to mez or root, tashan and
> mem blur !).
> Now, approaching level 20, I ventured in Unrest last night. And then I
> knew. And I'm now a quite depressed Enchanter.
> Don't get me wrong, I've been in train station-dungeons before with my
> main, and I understand how dungeon playing is different from open
> zones, and how it makes you learn quick to work in groups.
> But then as an Enchanter, I though I will shine in such situations
> with my AoE Mez spell...
> Yeah, next player dies again !
> Here is how it goes : puller comes back with a bad pull (hey, we're in
> Unrest !). I tell everybody to /assist the main tank. Cast AoE Mez
> (AkA "The Father of All Taunts") as quickly as I can (no time to
> Tashan all mobs first)... some resist, some are mezed. I try to time
> mez so I can renew it before it breaks (not a simple task since I
> can't really know how long it will stick). While they're mezed, I
> tashan them all.
> Eventually, one or two will break mez and rush on me. No time to gate,
> run, mem blur or mez again. Calling up the group to help. They're
> quite busy. I die. Rinse, repeat.
> So, how do veteran Enchanters handle those situations ? Do they AoE
> mez, then tashani all mobs and then mem blur each of them to be safe ?
> This would work, but would also be quite a mana sink... and I could
> not then Languid Pace the mobs and keep the tanks Quickened too.
>
> So, am I too clumsy and too dumb to play an Enchanter, or is this just
> the way it is when you learn the job and go in train stations for the
> first time with an Enchanter ?
>
> Jo. (depressed level 19 Enchanter).






