From 5393387920957119778
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e854118d36b0e554
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-03-09 04:13:17 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Wizard Epic MQ Advice Needed ..
Date: Sun, 09 Mar 2003 07:13:13 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3E6B2FD9.7050402@stny.rr.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.0.2) Gecko/20030208 Netscape/7.02
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3e6ae7b1$1_2@text-west.newsgroups.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 103
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:269863

Stevie wrote:
> Hi:
> 
> I have a question concerning the Wizard epic. I'm level 61 and though I'm
> not guilded I'm fortunate enough to have two of the three parts of my epic.
> I have the Gnarled Staff from VS as well as the Staff of Gabstik from the
> Enraged Golem quest.
> 
> I've found someone that has the Blue Crystal Staff that drops from Phinny,
> and we're currently trying to multi-quest my epic. However, things are made
> rather complicated, as the chap that has the BCS is also a Dark-Elf
> Necromancer that worships Innoruuk. 

Ok. You are now getting an answer from somebody who:
1. Started the epic before the faction "fixes" last year.
2. Completed the epic himself with no MQ after it was broken.
3. Has since personally assisted in two MQ's of the wizard epic for 
people with faction problems since it's been broken.

So this isn't "he said she said" information.

Originally, all wizards started out somewhere on the low end of 
apprehensive for True Spirit. It was enough to *start* the epic, but not 
enough to finish it. (As many people who tried to shortcut it found out 
to their chagrin.)

Since it's been broken, apprehensive of any level doesn't cut it. The 
staves are eaten.

I, and two other wizards I know did the faction work to get to amiable. 
All turn-ins worked without a hitch, so amiable is definitely enough.

There are some wizards who have done faction work to *just* get to 
indifferent and failed, so not all levels of indifferent work.

I have no knowledge of anyone useing an illusion to do it, though that's 
not to say it couldn't work. I just don't know anyone who had done it.

The amount of indifferent faction you get from being invisible *does* 
work. This is how we did it when I assisted with the MQ.

I'm not sure about the faction that Dargon is on, but it seems to be 
different from True Spirit. She was indifferent to me, when the Halas 
folks were apprehensive and Arantir was amaible. The last person I MQ'd 
with was apprehensive to True Spirit, but was able to turn in the note 
to Dargon and spawned Arantir successfully.

Here's what we did, remembering that everyone who turns in a piece must 
have the correct faction at the moment of the turn-in.

Arantir was spawned, and I turned in my piece for my friend. He then 
handed his two staves to Arantir to open the trade window, but did NOT 
hit "give". While the window was open, I cast invis on him. He then hit 
"Give" and got the sealed bag back. I followed him to Sol Ro Temple and 
again used the same trick to invis him while he turned in the bag to 
Soloman and he got his Staff of the Four.

In your case, you may have additional problems. If you are apprehensive, 
the invis trick is ok for your turn-in with no other complications 
assuming you are not KOS in Halas. Your necro friend very likely *is* 
KOS in Halas, so you'll have to be aware of other NPC's in the area 
(guards or such wandering about, other quest mobs) who might aggro. Even 
if you invis the necro in to Dargon, he will become visible when he 
begins the turn-in which could cause other NPC's to aggro and could 
botch up the whole deal. You may need outside help to kite away or even 
kill any other NPC's before you do this. You may want to bring a small 
group and just have the necro drop invis near Dargon once just to see 
who attacks.

Now, if you haven't done any faction work and are apprehensive, you'll 
both need to be invis. If you bring a chanter friend along (or anyone 
else who can invis, but a chanter might also be able to charm an 
unfriendly mob, so could be quite useful) the necro can *start* his 
turn-in to Arantir, have the chanter invis him, finish, then 
rinse/repeat for you. This should get you the bag. Have the chanter 
follow you to Sol Ro for the final turn-in as well.

As I see it, this is your easiest, best bet to get your epic.

If you want to increase your chances, you can put in the time to get 
your faction up to amiable. This can be done by getting a chanter to 
help you and doing the first two steps of the shammy epic over and over 
again. That's how I did it. You just need to go back and forth between 
Peg Leg in Butcherblock (there's several mobs that work, by the way, but 
I found Peg Leg to be the easiest for travel purposes) and the barbarian 
shammy in the North Freeport sewers. You'll need the chanter to charm 
the minor spirit who spawns when you kill pegleg in order to get the 
small gem from him until you get to indifferent with True Spirit. After 
that the chanter can leave and you can keep doing the cycle on your own. 
(The shammy quest mobs will deal with you while you are indifferent.) 
THis will get you to amiable. Took me about five hours total.

If you seriously want to hedge your bets, and he's willing, the necro 
could do the same thing and then you'd only have to worry about 
controlling KOS Halas adds during the turn-ins and no invis would be 
needed for either of you to turn in a staff.

Hope that helps.


-- 
"Would you care for a sammich?"



