From -6731449575589313188
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b6d178d6c1f8bd9
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 13 Nov 2007 07:45:21 -0600
Date: Tue, 13 Nov 2007 08:45:17 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: 11/13/07 Update Notes
References: <0b6dndqzIoNRPqTanZ2dnUVZ_o6knZ2d@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <0b6dndqzIoNRPqTanZ2dnUVZ_o6knZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <D6mdnZ7SGrnsN6TanZ2dnUVZ_oaonZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 81
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 67.214.16.233
X-Trace: sv3-Jueu/yyGdw0brkFRisDEr9SvhjRDpMQ+NE5dd37ka6+X5BW/KpQLIi2pc1Pad1ZdZpaiKs1Jngu0xdv!tRoaKSGxPZv/92UpqJWlTqWdzgBtAxtINidSTj9imKXbGeR5GV5IdbJAt72dKNp5kN+n8+5zXMVA!nk8HEcel8kD4
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.36
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:12282

{{ My response to this, cut and pasted out of my guild forum.  We're on 
Combine, which is currently only up to DODH, and I'm playing a 70 SK 
with a new 67 cleric bot, so thats the viewpoint I'm coming from with 
this response }}

(New zones)
Um, yeah, we should be seeing these zones by 2009 at our current rate of 
progression.  I'm concerned we could lose some folks off the server who 
will go back to their former mains in order to see the new content.  But 
not too concerned, didn't see much of that when TBS released.

(Heroic stuff)

Attractive, but I'm assuming its only going to be dropped off stuff in 
the new zones.  If not it would be nice to see, capped stats make 
getting new gear less attractive than it should be; my cleric is 
currently sitting on 21 points of mana regen gear with a cap of 15, even 
if I spent 25 AA raising that cap I'd still be over the limit, and 
frankly most of his gear sucks as much as you'd expect a month old toon 
who's main hasn't made any gearing effort would.

(Loot All)
Long overdue.. wonder how glitched its going to be though.  IMO it 
should keep a record of where each item was when I died, and simply put 
it back; sometimes I get into trouble click looting because my belt is 
also a back item and so on.

(Mitigation)
[quote]- AC Mitigation Improvements: We modified the AC Caps and 
over-cap returns for mitigation for all classes to bring them more in 
line with their intended ability to mitigate damage. Warriors, Paladins, 
Shadowknights, Clerics, and Monks received a minor increase in their 
mitigation ability. Rangers, Bards, Rogues, Shaman, Beastlords, and 
Berserkers received a moderate increase in their mitigation ability. 
Druids, Necromancers, Wizards, Enchanters, and Magicians received a 
considerable increase in their mitigation ability. [/quote]

WTF?  Everyone got their mitigation bumped up, but the people who IMO 
should be mitigating the best got the least bump?  In particular, 
rangers, who already tank better than SK, get a bigger bump than SK? 
Freaking silk people get the biggest bump of all?  This makes no sense 
to me at all.

(West bug fix)
OK, so NOW they suddenly realize there's a west bug?  And now that we 
have a working fix in, NOW they decide to come up with some other way to 
fix it, one that degrades performance so much they had to put in a way 
to disable the fix?  Messed up.

(summon corpse stuff for SK)
Good fix, there were levels where you couldn't summon your own body, 
which didn't make any sense.  BUT the whole line is used so seldom now 
because of the far superior GL system, that its laughable to see them 
fooling with it.  Unless they change it so I can summon your body to 
another zone, like the GL guys can, this is nearly pointless

(necromancer pet haste fix)
er... how about SK pet haste, what are we, chopped liver?

(word of redemption nerf)
I heard this one was coming, and it was long overdue, but its 
unfortunate.  WOR was, with the right AA and gear, a faster and bigger 
CHeal than the original.  Now that its nerfed down to be immune to these 
effects like all other CHeal type spells,  there will be a lot fewer 
uses for it.

(Harm touch changes)
I've long since given up on HT as a key SK ability; without plugging a 
lot of AA into it it currently does less damage than me casting a 
lifetap, frequently less than my procs.  As the AA chain was set up, it 
didn't look worth pursuing either, at best I'd be able to do damage 
similar to one good wizard nuke... once every 20 minutes or so instead 
of 20 times per minute.  I guess with the changes I'll have to 
reevaluate this descision, but currently I have no real idea what they 
have done or what this will do to its relative usefulness.

(HOH)
Ummm... did you put a graphic on Crest of Valor?  Did you move the quest 
NPC from CR to POK?  Cause those changes would actually matter to me, 
while changing which shard drops when I can't turn them in... well that 
doesn't mean much to those of us on Combine.


