From 3129550470658452570
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e0970b4493a66f45
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-25 08:28:45 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: londriel@blueyonder.co.uk (Londriel)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Camping for the Glowing Black Stone is driving me INSANE!
Date: 25 Nov 2002 08:28:45 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 106
Message-ID: <d9b74d86.0211250828.cfc799d@posting.google.com>
References: <F8udna5Hqr0ZbEWgXTWcpg@comcast.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.239.208.126
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1038241725 22814 127.0.0.1 (25 Nov 2002 16:28:45 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 25 Nov 2002 16:28:45 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:248420

Greetings,

Reading your tale of woe was not unlike looking in a dirty mirror.
Allow me to elaborate.

My power has steadily been growing. I am at a stage in my career where
the need to prove myself to the masters of my class nags at me
constantly. I need to prove to them, and myself, that I have achieved
mastery and receive their much coveted reward. I have succumbed to ...
epic fever!

I hesitantly stepped onto this path and approached the first tasks
warily. My enchanter master required, among other things, a mechanical
pen. This device is to be obtained from a gnome. Greedy little gnome
that he is he wants no less than a shining metallic robe.

Apparently the ghoul arch magus had been seen in the lower levels of
Guk flashing this robe around so I armed myself, and with the
blessings of my friends and family, I descended into the bowels of the
undead froglok lair.

I hid myself from their undead sight and snuck to the ghoul arch
magus' room. Imagine my surprise when I did not encounter the ghoul
arch magus but some other adventurers with murder most foul on their
mind for the purpose of aquiring that most holy of relics for
themselves and their own nefarious needs. I did not expect this
encounter to be easy. I planned on sneaking into this creatures room
and surprising it. A viscious battle would ensue in which neither of
us would give an inch. Bloody and bruised I would emerge the victor
clutching the spoils to my chest (not entirely correct, I expected to
turn the poor hapless thing's brain to pulp and have my animation
disect it carefully as not to damage the robe in any way). The last
thing I expected was to be balked by fellow adventurers with plans not
completely unlike my own. I did not expect competition and was not
pleased by it.

Dejectedly I slunk off and visited destruction upon the live frogs and
the evil eye that has taken up residence in this most foul of places.
I grew ever more creative in the slaughter as my frustration mounted.
Suddenly I am told they have to leave. They have urgent business
elsewhere.

I rushed over to the undead frogs once again only stopping long enough
to make sure I am adequately protected and shielded from prying eyes.
I reached my new home without incident and quickly set up an ambush. I
settled in comfortably waiting for the arch magus to show his slimy
face.

I am roused from my slumber when a froglok warrior appears as if from
thin air. It must be the guard sent ahead, I think to myself, and
quickly dispatch it. Barely breathing I wait for the arch magus.
Excitement rushes through me in waves. Battle strategies and spell
combinations mill through my mind. Suddenly a frog appears. Alas, it
was not the arch magus. Just one of the several wizards. I fry its
mind and wait a bit more. Nothing. Eventually I settle more
comfortably again and wait patiently.

To cut a long story short I waited for another 29 minutes just to see
another warrior and wizard. Again and again and again.

Three and a half hours later I am relaxing with a bottle of fine elven
wine and flicking through the Norrath News catching up on the latest
gossip. Every now and then my animation would charge into battle to
beat mindlessly on a frog warrior or wizard. All in all a pretty
relaxing time in a quite horrid environment. Slime everywhere. I even
managed to compose a mantra and song calling the arch magus. I would
share this with you but you know ... deep inside a dungeon, surrounded
by undead frogs, counting the stones in the walls was probably not the
best environment to compose in.

I spilled some mighty fine wine when the arch magus walked in on me.
My animation quickly came to the rescue and proceeded to mindlessly
beat on the arch magus buying me some time. I quickly slowed the
movements of the arch magus and started draining his mana. I channeled
berserker spirit into my animation to keep the frail old thing from
falling apart on me and proceeded to melt the brain of the arch magus
in spectacular fashion. The outcome was never in doubt. After I
finished scrambling his grey stuff I considered it a mercy killing. It
drooled all over my animation. Expectantly I searched the body. Poked
and prodded it even checked inside the mouth. Nothing but its lousy
pajama bottoms. Must have woken from a bad dream and came for a snack
not bothering to put on the robe.

Half heartedly I waited another 29 minutes to see if the newly
promoted arch magus might pop into its office. After making the
insides into outsides of another warrior and wizard I bid my animation
farewell and stepped into a magical gate.

I have contemplated any possible reason my masters could have had for
assigning me this mindless task. Was I simply the victim of the
gnome's greed? Too simple. I know my masters. Wheels within wheels.
Are we not the mind masters of all of Norrath and beyond? What then?
To teach me patience? I have travelled a long and hard road. I realize
the worth of patience every battle I go into without having meditated
sufficiently. Perhaps they seek to make me suffer and push me within
an inch of just giving it all up before rewarding me with that most
defining item unique to us as enchanters. Perhaps being able to bear
the tediousness and the frustration of it all is the true test I
thought to myself as I walked through the bazaar with my flat money
pouch inspecting all the shining metallic robes for sale.

I share your pain.

Charmingly yours,

Londriel


