From -7035585221667049940
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,19df09945261e072
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-14 00:22:31 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!snoopy.risq.qc.ca!chi1.webusenet.com!news.webusenet.com!pd2nf1so.cg.shawcable.net!residential.shaw.ca!news3.calgary.shaw.ca.POSTED!not-for-mail
X-Trace-PostClient-IP: 24.85.130.25
From: Ben Sisson <ilkhanikeDIESPAM@yahoo.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Conned Blue to me, killed me in 15 seconds ?
Message-ID: <pph72v08hpiu9jmnev3unt44ak071b6l4c@4ax.com>
References: <7b972vcug09e1kcl2v52hp3r53qhn3ebvl@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.553
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 102
Date: Tue, 14 Jan 2003 08:22:24 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.66.94.143
X-Complaints-To: abuse@shaw.ca
X-Trace: news3.calgary.shaw.ca 1042532544 24.66.94.143 (Tue, 14 Jan 2003 01:22:24 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 14 Jan 2003 01:22:24 MST
Organization: Shaw Residential Internet
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:258236

Giggling maniacally and surrounded by armed hamsters, Grant Farrington
<gjf_fazza@iprimus.com.au> (if that IS his real name) conspiratorially
whispered:

>Seeing as though I can't get to the bazaar, I read somewhere the
>bandits in Karana drop good newbie swords. I've wandered around there
>before and killed a couple wandering around with no trouble so I
>headed off in search of some more.
>
>Came across a couple of them on the roadway, they both conned blue to
>me so I though I should be able to handle the two of them. So I opened
>up with flame lick from a distance and then switched to a longbow
>before they closed. It all went bad fast after that.
>
>Next thing I know i'm getting hit with spell after spell.... 35 points
>here, 25 points there, one after the other .. I just got hammered so
>fast I barely had time to see what was happening before I died. And
>this was just -one- of them, the other one which I didn't attack just
>stood there.

The one that didn't move was probably the one that was killing you.
Welcome to the fun of fighting casters.

>
>Why did they con blue to me when they were obviously way out of my
>league ?

All con does is tell you their level in relation to yours. That is
used as a guideline for their likely abilities, hp, how hard they hit,
and what spells they cast, but only in relation to each other and not
all mobs the same level are the same. Knowing what you can kill easily
comes only with experience. Here's what I believe I've noticed over
time.

For general reference most old world mobs will follow the set pattern,
with only high strength mobs like giants and griffons and some named
mobs deviating (this excludes zones made or changed much later, which
don't follow this pattern at all). Oldschool mobs tended to riposte
fairly well or even very well and have good ac (relative to later
expansions).

Kunark random mobs tend to have less raw "attack" and generally do
less damage than their old world counterparts, including fewer double
attacks and ripostes; they also have (in general) poorer AC. This is
offbalanced by a few mobs that have more attack and better ac; ie a
wider range. And Kunark higher end random mobs tend to all have high
strength (and so hit quite a bit harder), not just the named.

Velious mobs return to high riposte and double attack numbers. Their
ac is still fairly low to average but they tend to have higher
strength and this time higher hp as well (again, depending on the mob,
but there are more high hp mobs at a given level in velious than in
oldworld/kunark).

By Luclin they were putting in much more variation everywhere so no
hard fast rules for the entire continent, not that you really had any
for the others. The variation is so wide, though, that you can quickly
get a sense of how over or under conning a mob is. For example,
zelniaks in Dawnshroud are very wimpy for their level - their
strength, ac, and riposte/etc rates are all way below average which
makes the typical zelniak die fast and die hard. Shrooms, too, are
poor fighters. The recondite bandits are another one; poor attack
numbers and VERY poor ac makes them die insanely fast; its a part of
why the zone is so popular. On the other hand, stonegrabbers in
dawnshroud have much better hp especially than most mobs their level.
Another Luclin-era zone, though not in Luclin itself, is Jaggedpine,
and it follows much the same pattern. Gnoll warriors have so many hp
for their level they are barely worth hunting at all. Wisps, however,
have feeble ac and hp and go down like rocks; my ranger used to solo
them easily at a time when most the other things in the zone of near
the same level were either suicidal to attack or had to be fearkited.
If Luclin were to get an "in general", though, it would be low ac, low
strength, low riposte/etc values, and hp varying from low to high
across the spectrum.

This all breaks down for L50+ mobs of course, but for hunting below
that, it was a handy reference.

>
>Another thing I seen was this giant tree looking thing. Conned red to
>me so I kept a wide berth. Not sure if it would have gone aggro on me
>or not, but it was like 40 foot tall so I didn't want to find out.
>Sure does look impressive seeing things this large. Would almost be
>worth be killed by a giant just to see it towering over you :)

Neat the first time. :-p Much more fun seeing them topple over and die
after you melee them to death without taking much of any damage at
all.

That treant is for the druid and ranger epics.



-- 

Ben Sisson

"'Peace' as you call it, is an illusion.
 If you have 'Peace', you simply haven't yet
 seen the thing that's trying to kill you."

-The Spathi, Star Control 2


