From -6966797631529927569
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8130ca89a1e10808,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-25 04:54:23 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tonics for Groflah
Date: Thu, 25 Oct 2001 07:53:40 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3BD7FD44.F5FA6CF9@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 49
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:129328

Has anyone here actually done this quest themselves? I would be very
interested in having my baby necro do this quest a bunch of times, both
to improve my questionable faction with the guards in various parts of
FP and the commons, but also with all the merchants around there. There
are some who will sell to me, albeit at poor prices since they are
apprehensive, and others that are just dubious and won't sell to me at
all. (For instance, in Inns one and two in the commons, the two
merchants off in the side areas will sell to me, but the inkeeper where
you first walk in will not.)

However, research is indicating that this quest may have problems. First
off, I hear it's hard to find the guy (Groflah Steadirt) there at the
Inn instead of his armor shop after 9 pm as indicated. Some claim it's
just a very rare spawn. Others are saying that you have to kill a place
holder there (DE chick or a barbarian guy) to get him to spawn. Still
others say you have to do the Zimels Blades quest (part of soulfire
quest) to get him to spawn in the tavern. Yet others say the quest is
just broke.

Also, about the placeholders in that tavern (Seafarer's Roost). God only
knows what bizarre factions some of the NPCs in there might be on. Will
my Innoruk worshippping necro get his ass handed to him as soon as I
walk in? What faction are those folks on?

I have a friend who can brew me up a bunch of Tumpy's if this is doable,
but I hate to waste their time.

Another possibility I thought of was having my necro do the Note for
Janam and Note for Rebby quests. They give basically the same faction
hits. But how's my base faction with Janam and Rebby going to be? And
they apparently hang out in front of the monks' guild. I'm not KOS to
the Knights of Truth (Dubious) but I haven't tested my luck with the
monks yet. Any human necro's out there no what my default is with the
Ashen Order before I go in there and strand a corpse that I'll have a
hard time getting out?

If you know of any other quests, etc. (besides killing orc pawns) that
will help me with Militia, Knights of Truth, and both coallitions of
Tradesfolk factions, I'd appreciate hearing about them. (I'm too little
to go to Highkeep and do the goblin ear quest. Otherwise that would be
ideal. I think I'm KOS to the bards until I get high enough to go hunt
in OoT or Mistmoore, so I think the mail quest is out of the question.)
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"Television is the first truly democratic culture -- the first culture
available to everyone and entirely governed by what the people want. The
most terrifying thing is what people do want." 
-- Clive Barnes


