From 290756451302412264
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,83977826f00dcb17,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-09 14:52:21 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed-west.nntpserver.com!hub1.meganetnews.com!nntpserver.com!telocity-west!TELOCITY!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <bob@DELETETHISplanetperez.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Back in Norrath againg! Re-activated Shaman seeks advice
Date: Sat, 9 Nov 2002 14:45:23 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <usr40449579ud9@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <bob@DELETETHISplanetperez.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 81
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:244469

Given everything I've heard about the upgrades to the game engine and
mechanics, and seriously jonesing for a MMOG fix, I decided to go back and
re-activate an old EQ account and start having some fun in the new worlds. I
left the game just as Kunark was coming out (I think I had just installed
it) so it's been a REAL long time. ;-) I installed my original EQ CD and was
happily surprised to see that I still had a couple of characters on E'ci,
notably my lvl 21 Barb Shaman. When I tried to enter the game I got the
message that "Lake of Ill Omen not found in directory" or some such, and
realized I needed to install my Kunark CD too, lol. Well duh. Ok, so once I
got in I was of course totally lost, but some kind soul ported me back to
Surefall Glade and I was once again in familiar territory. I ran to
Blackburrow and headed to Halas.

Wow, has the interface changed! I love the enhancements. One thing led to
another and after making my way back to Halas I realized that I was getting
into this so I went out and got enabled on all the expansions and picked up
the Atlas so that I could start traveling to new places and see how Norrath
had grown up in the time since I'd been gone. Holy #$%@ the world is bigger
now lol! And after installing one of these (I imagine it was Luclin) the
graphics improved beautifully. This is going to be fun. ;-)

Obviously I have a lot to catch up on. I spent most of the day getting
organized (had tons of interesting stuff in the bank and about 400pp so I
have a decent headstart) and I bought up my lvl 24 spells, figuring it might
be a while before I get back to Halas again. And from what I've been reading
this morning, it looks like lvl 24 is going to be an interesting turning
point for my character with Cannibalize and Regeneration. I spent some time
practicing stacking my DoTs and memorizing buffs, etc. It's coming back.

Anyway, an observation and a question: first, most of the Shaman forums and
sites that I've been visiting don't appear to have been updated in a long
time, and the most recent posts seem to be years old, at least at the places
I visited. I also note that there's now a rec.games.computer.everquest NG,
although this group still appears to have most of the traffic. So it looks
like I'll be making this NG home for a while, hello everyone!

My question is, can anyone provide any suggestions on weapons or items I
should be looking for as I explore the new regions? Having some goals would
help direct my explorations into productive directions. From what I
understand, my Epic is a spear that will require Piercing (unfortunately,
mine is currently at 0 so I trained it to 1 while in Halas). My current
Shaman has been using a Black Enameled Mace and a Charred Guardian shield (I
think that's what it was called), so I'm trained on 1HB and 2HB. I should
probably start building up Piercing in anticipation of the Epic. I have
about 65 Training points available, am Mastered in several of the magics (I
forget, but at least Alteration, Evocation, Meditation, some others). I have
lots of sort of mediocre WIS items like Jasper Silver earrings, Silver Veil,
2 Polished Bone Bracelets, crummy belt. I probably need a bunch of upgrades,
but that's going to be the fun part!

Also, I'm wondering if things have changed to the point where it would be
more productive for me to put significant points into Piercing or just
starting fighting with a good Piercing weapon and let it rise naturally? And
what would be a good Piercing weapon to shoot for? I would love to go loot
one somewhere, or do a quest, but I'm willing to spend some plat if there
are good items that I should consider at this point. When I played in the
past I used to head over to the tunnel in the Commons and buy and sell
there. I take it this is still an active market?

Any other advice is welcome. I feel much like a noob, although with a level
21 I'm too old to be asking some of these questions in game without getting
some wisecracks. ;-) The other thing I'm concerned about is whether I'll be
able to find *anyone* my age to group with! I was honestly the only player
in Blackburrow (although I ran into several lower level shammies in Halas).
Anyway, I'll find and make new friends in game, one way or another. I will
probably seek out a good guild as well. Meanwhile, this is a blast and I'm
glad to be back!

Thanks in advance for any suggestions!

Note to Ben Sisson: no wisecracks!

--
Bob Perez

"Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they
quit playing."
- Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes





