From 7621508480769804942
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3e581024d28a6d2d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-14 10:18:33 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!sjcppf01.usenetserver.com!usenetserver.com!news-west.rr.com!news.airnews.net!cabal10.airnews.net!cabal1.airnews.net!news-f.iadfw.net!usenet
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: DAoC is here!  So long EQ... it's been fun!
Date: Sun, 14 Oct 2001 10:18:46 -0700
Organization: TSCNET, Inc. (using Airnews.net!)
Lines: 191
Message-ID: <1538A69B9AE25DB0.4B7C5B04FF1F5F13.E5423293104F2E40@lp.airnews.net>
X-Orig-Message-ID: <0iejstsd3ni8eflblnhm4a5j7ddg1e6fdi@4ax.com>
References: <3bc4d030.1344575@news> <1it9st8i9o90cnau8lk2o1k03tivnm6072@4ax.com> <3BC595CC.669990AB@hotmail.com> <rxkx7.2$eK.2271@news03.micron.net> <3bc61295$0$35569$1dc6e903@news.corecomm.net>
Abuse-Reports-To: abuse at tscnet.com to report improper postings
NNTP-Proxy-Relay: library2.airnews.net
NNTP-Posting-Time: Sun Oct 14 12:18:02 2001
NNTP-Posting-Host: !^j4<1k-XPPHcA: (Encoded at Airnews!)
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:126265

"Cam" <cam@nospam.core.com> wrote:
>The thing is most MMORPGs AREN'T different.
>
>DAoC PvP thing was listed as something EQ doesn't have, consider this, maybe
>not everyone wants PvP? *gasp* if they do play Sullon Zek, or any Zek...
>
>The only new thing DAoC really has is its history and background for the
>game...I guess.

The president of Mythic has pretty much said the same thing.  They
view DAoC as an evolutionary game, not a revolutionary game.

The thing that is really nice about DAoC is that they are getting the
specifics right.  I've got around 60 days /played on my main EQ
character, and another dozen or so with from 1 to 10 days /played, so
I clearly enjoy EQ (I'm not dumb enough to spend 60 days on something
I don't enjoy unless I'm well paid for it!).  The thing about EQ was
that that enjoyment came in spite of various annoying things about
EQ's gameplay.

For example, let's consider tradeskills.  In EQ, you tailor by getting
a sewing kit, which is a container, and putting the things needed to
make something into it, and hitting the "combine" button.  If you've
put in stuff that is a needed for a given item, you have a chance at
making that item.  You can get a skill increase if you make the item.
OK, that's sensible.  However, you end up doing a lot of clicking and
mouse moving.  Hello, RSI!

Now compare to DAoC.  In the abstact, DAoC tailoring is just like EQ
tailoring.  However, the interface is much more pleasant.  To tailor
in DAoC, I open my skills list and scroll down to Tailoring.  There I
find an icon and my current skill level.  I drag the icon over to my
hotkeys (8 banks of 8 hotkeys, similar to EQ).  (Much of DAoC's
interface revolves around those hotkeys.  Abilities, combat styles,
and spells all work by dragging icons to the hotkey bank, and then
activiting them from there).  OK, now I've got a tailoring icon.
Click it.  That opens a list of all the kinds of things I can make.
It might look like this:

	woven gloves
	woven sleeves
	woven tunic
	...
	leather gloves
	leather sleeves
	leather tunic
	...

Those are general categories.  If I click on woven gloves it would
expand:

	woven gloves
	   X cloth gloves       15
	   X linen gloves      115

(the X's are icons).  That says I know how to make cloth gloves and
linen gloves, and they are skill level 15 and 115, respectively.
(When I started tailoring, I only knew cloth gloves, but as skill goes
higher, new items show up).

So I decide to make cloth gloves.  Right click on "cloth gloves" and a
window pops up showing the ingrediants (say, 4 cloth squares, 2 heavy
woolen threads).  I drag the icon for cloth gloves over to the hotkey
bank, and I can close the list of items.

Now, to actually try to make gloves, I can click on the icon in the
hotkey bank (or just hit the key).  If I have a sewing kit, 4 cloth
squares, and 2 heavy woolen threads in my inventory, I'll either make
the gloves (and probably get skill increases in tailoring and
clothmaking), or fail (above the lowest skill, failure usually doesn't
cost anything, but it can consume some or all of the ingrediants).

Let's say I decide to make a bunch of cloth gloves to get skill up.  I
can just sit down in front of a merchant who sells tailoring supplies,
and buy a stack of cloth squares and a stack of threads (tradeskill
vendors tend to sell only by the stack), and then just keep hitting my
"make cloth gloves" hotkey.  Whenever it says "You need 4 cloth
squares to make cloth gloves!" or "You need 2 heavy woolen threads to
make cloth gloves", I can buy more.  In fact, the DAoC interface lets
you do multiple things at once, so you can keep the merchant buy/sell
window open.  At higher skill levels, where things take longer to
make, I've hit my hotkey to make an item, and then while it is making,
I sell back previous attempts to the merchant, and buy supplies for
the next attempt if I'm getting low.

If I note that I'm running out of money, because making cloth gloves
and selling them back to the merchants loses money, I can go to the
tailoring master and ask for a task.  He'll note my current tailoring
skill, and tell me something like "Soandso, in town south of here,
needs a cloth dress cape".  The item will be something that would be
within my skill range to make and challenging enough to give a skill
increase.  If I then make that item and give it to the named NPC, they
will pay me for it, much more than merchants do.  These tasks in fact
will make a profit.  This is how young tailors finance their
tailoring.

Notice the in essence, EQ tailoring and DAoC tailoring are pretty much
the same, except EQ relies more on mob-dropped items (pelts), whereas
DAoC uses either store bought items directly (e.g., thread) or
player-made items (there are secondary tradeskills, like woodworking,
metalworking, etc., that can make some ingrediants that the primary
tradeskills use, for example).  DAoC just has an interface that makes
tradeskills less of a chore and more of a fun break from killing mobs.
(They have also made it so that mobs rarely drop armor and weapons
that are better than the player-made ones, which are better than the
store-bought ones, so that there is a reason to develop tradeskills).

Or consider just getting around towns.  EQ had a good idea in the
Gnome city.  There you can ask certain NPCs, and they will guide you
to certain places, if you know the name of the place.  DAoC does not
do that anywhere, that I know.  However, they do have a way to find
NPCs.  Go up to a guard and target them and type "/where soandso".  If
Soandso is in the general area, the guard points in their direction.
Not as cool as the clockworks the Gnomes have, but they did it
everywhere.  Got a quest that involves delivering something to an NPC
in a town you've never been to?  Go there and start asking guards.  A
lot less frustrating than finding an NPC in EQ can be.

Or take talking to NPCs.  In EQ in the old world, the NPC's text
highlights certain keywords.  You respond using those keywords.
However, if you don't phrase the response right, it sometimes does not
work.  English is a very expressive language, with many ways to say
the same things.  It can be frustrating to try to guess which is the
way EQ expects.  In DAoC, they also highlight key NPC text.  However,
in DAoC, you simply click the highlighted text to respond.

How about when you get a quest?  In DAoC, you can type "/quests" or
open the quest journal and it tells you what quests you are currently
working on, and what your current step is.  E.g.,

	Misdirected letter quest:
	    Step #2: take the letter to Soandso in Mag Mell.

This evolutionary change in quests from EQ makes quests a lot less
tedious.

How about quests that ask for items from specific mobs?  In EQ, you go
kill that mob over and over until the quest item drops.  The quest
item is just another thing on the loot table.

In DAoC, quest loot is separate.  If I'm doing a quest that requires a
toe from a mudman, when I go kill a mudman, I get a toe, and it goes
right to my inventory, rather than having to be looted.  If I'm in a
group of 5, and 3 of us are doing that quest, all 3 of us get toes.
Note that this means there will be much less contention for rare quest
mobs...up to 8 people (the size of a group) can get the item at once
per spawn.

The biggest specific they did differently from EQ that makes a big
difference is the death penalty.  In DAoC when you die, here's what
happens:

1. You lose some XP immediately.

2. If you get a res within N minutes (where N is your level), your
come back to your death point, at low health and mana and endurance
(higher level res brings you back with more health, etc.).

3. If the N minutes expires, or you type /release, you go back to your
bind point, and a gravestone is left where you died.  You also lose
some more XP, and you lose 3 points of constitution.  No items are
left at the gravesite.  You spawn at your bindpoint with everything on
you.

4. You can get back the lost constitution by visiting an NPC healer
and paying them a modest amount.

5. You can get back the XP lost from /release (see #3 above) by
visiting your gravestone and praying.  (The inital XP loss in item #1
above does not come back).

6. The XP loss is cut back if you aren't far into the level, so that
you cannot lose a level.

This system makes it so that when you've leveled and gained new
abilities, you can go out and experiment with them, finding out what
your powers and their limits are, without it being too bad if you die
a few times in the process.  Compare to EQ, where many a caster has
got a new spell, had a blast figuring it out, then died and lost their
level (and so can't use their new spell anymore, until they get the
level back).  In DAoC, I think people will see leveling as a fun time
to go explore new hunting grounds and try new tactics, because of the
reduced death penalty.

I think DAoC will be good for EQ.  It has a good shot at being serious
competition to EQ.  Competition often inspires...if DAoC attracts
enough EQ or potential EQ players, it could allow Verant to do things
the *want* to do, but could not justify before (because the bean
counters would have said they were unnecessary).

--Tim Smith


