From -8880562573423460379
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f2d43d035727e1b1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-24 05:23:19 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!feed.textport.net!sn-xit-04!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Jakugg <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: grouping and assisting...
Date: Mon, 24 Sep 2001 08:14:22 -0400
Organization: Troll and Ogre Liberation Front
Message-ID: <3BAF239E.94FA381C@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <20010923214335.20453.00000887@mb-ch.aol.com> <3BAE9B0C.1BA01652@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 78
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:120483

Lance wrote:
> Is there an enchanter in the group?
> 
> If there is an enchanter, you should ignore the actions of adds unless they
> are going after the chanter.  In order for him to mez mobs, it is important
> that noone be hitting them, which will just break the mez.  

Some time ago, right here in this forum, I tried to say exactly the same
thing (speaking from the tank's perspective). I was immediately set upon
by just about every high level chanter in here telling me I was
incorrect. As I progressed in levels, I found they were right. With a
chanter in the group (a *good* chanter, anyway) the tank stays on one
mob until it's dead then goes to the next. If you are auxiliary melee
damage, or a nuker, etc. then you *stay* on the target the tank is on.
If the cleric get's jumped, the chanter will get it off them and re-mez.
If the chanter get's jumped, they have an ultrafast stun spell they can
chain cast, if need be, until they get the mob re-mezzed. If you turn
around to "save them" and start whacking on things they are trying to
mez, they tend to get peaved and /sigh and pout a lot and lecture you. I
find it's best to let them do their job and yell out which mob I should
taunt/attack next.
  Now, with no chanter, as the MA Tank, I stay on the mob I've selected
unless one of two things happens: First, if the cleric gets jumped, I'll
immediately switch targets to what's eating the cleric. The second, and
hopefully less likely, is that an add jumps on some low HP caster for
reasons unknown and they're going down faster than the cleric can heal
and turning into a mana sink. But if your nukers and high damage melee's
(e.g. rogues and monks) are experienced at timing and aggro management,
this shouldn't be much of an issue.
   Simple formula - Cleric dies, you all die. (You can modify this to
include the chanter dying in big overpulls as well.) When the cleric
gets jumped, I usually expect the rest of the party to stay on my
original target as it should only take a moment to get the mob's
attention off the cleric. If they want to follow me and whack it a
couple times, I won't complain as long as they keep following me back to
original target, but I'd rather they didn't because it just puts them
higher on the hate list when it comes time for me to take on that mob.

> If there isn't a chanter, then you should discuss crowd control with
> the group beforehand.  

This is *extremely* good advice.

> For example, I frequently, absent a chanter (or with unmezable adds)
> deliberately overheal to draw aggro, whereupon I can back up with the
> add, root it while it beats on me, and then leave it standing there looking
> stupid.  I don't want you coming along to play, despite people's knee
> jerk reaction to a cleric getting hit I'm capable of sucking up a pretty
> good amount of hits, and the root park only keeps a mob quiet if
> its left alone. 

Everyone obviously has their own play style, but I'd be VERY cautious
before considering that advice. Having your cleric intentionally taking
damage is just a no-no to start with. And if your cleric is doing root
parking, you really need to examine the makeup of your group and its
strategy. Clerics rooting suck up waaaaay too much mana that should be
going to healing. If there's anybody else in the group who can root,
that should be their job, and if not, then the cleric needs to be
exercising good aggro management. Example: We are very often a three
person group of Warrior, Cleric, Rogue. If there's more than one mob
pulled, the cleric will it in the background and let me build up a good
hefty amount of hate with the mob(s), with me going lower in health than
normal before healing. And she will generally *only* use celestial heals
and smaller heals for that part of the fight. CHeal is a court of last
resort type of thing in these cases, because it's an aggro magnet, and
can be suicide for the healer. The cleric basically never roots
*anything* except in cases of single pulling in crowded areas to prevent
adds, and then only after the mob is so close to death that it's
running. Root/Parking an add that the tank hasn't worked over for a
while put's you at the TOP of the hate list. So when either root breaks,
or it's time for the tank to help it break by beating on it, you know
who the mob goes after *first*? You guessed it.
;-)
-- 
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 49 campaigns.
*******
"Anything more than a metric butt-load of mobs is a bardic pull."
- - Arolpin Lorespinner


