From -2264199804090512371
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5c64e14123fbb652
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-06 13:33:03 PST
Reply-To: "W Lauzon" <Windsun@Windsun.com>
From: "W Lauzon" <W_Lauzon@msn.com>
References: <9pm2j5$i9v$1@slb7.atl.mindspring.net>
Subject: Re: Announcements on Friday
Date: Sat, 6 Oct 2001 13:25:44 -0700
Lines: 82
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <#njxpXqTBHA.2260@cpimsnntpa03>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
NNTP-Posting-Host: cdialup78.phnx.uswest.net 207.225.166.78
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed.news.msn.com!cpimsnntpa03.news.msn.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:124075

DAOC oversold - here is the announcement:


Folks,

From the day we began work on DAoC we have had a few rock solid principles.
First among those was that our game's capacity was geared to handle 100K
subscribers during its launch phase. We have been very clear about this from
day one both with the community and with our distribution partner Vivendi
Universal. Based on both of our estimates, the decision was made to have an
initial run to match that number. This would allow us to have the correct
amount of bandwidth, servers and CS people to have a great launch. Even up
to last week nobody at VU (who of course relies on the numbers coming from
the retailers) had any reason to think that we would exceed that
expectation. I asked them on almost a daily basis how the pre-orders were
going and it was always the same. However, then something changed...

Over the last two weeks (especially this past week) pre-orders and reserves
in the various retailers have gone through the roof. While I can't reveal
actual numbers, the fact is that we are have more pre-sales than any other
game in this genre has had to date (at least that is what the retailers are
telling us) and since these numbers are so high, the retailers are now very
concerned that they will sell out their stock immediately. They are asking
VU to manufacture more copies immediately. Now, under normal circumstances
the manufacturer would be happy to do that but in this case, there is one
big problem and that is that this is a MMORPG and that the infrastructure
has to be in place to support it. Thus, a phone call took place on Friday
between VU and us...

It is in VU's interest to sell more copies. It is in our interest to sell
more copies. With another publisher it is possible that they would have
turned the pressure on to "take a chance" and sell more copies, fully
expecting that the stores will not sell 100% of their stock. They could have
begged, pleaded, etc. but they didn't. They were total professionals and
partners and earned my respect for that. We didn't need to tell them that we
needed two weeks to get the servers that are the backbone of DAoC (we can't
just run down to Compusa to get them) and to get them installed, configured
and ready to go along with our CS people. They were right there with us.
Short-term projections (in this case it would have been called greed) have
never been a priority of Mythic and our folks at VU were right there with
us. They simply asked us when we could have more servers online and we told
them. We talked numbers for the second print run and we came up with a nice
number. We then proceeded to order 10 more servers from Dell...

So, the long and the short of it is that some retailers have been caught
unawares. Folks like Amazon obviously didn't order enough copies but that is
not the fault of Mythic nor VU. Some retailers may be a little low on stock.
The good news is that we will have the capacity to support all of the boxes
sold at every point in the game's life. Both VU and Mythic could have taken
a different route at this point and gone for the short-term profit while
making an excuse when we couldn't support the additional load. We could have
done so and hoped to keep the players by spinning stories and begging for
patience (most players are qite forgiving). All I have to say about that
kind of approach is: Not a chance...

Thus, for those of you who may not be able to get your copies right away,
please accept my apologies on behalf of the everyone involved. Another run
will be done very quickly (even with VU's capacity, it still takes a little
time) and will go out to the stores. Our capacity will match the new numbers
and all will be fine.

Mark


-----------------------------------------------------------
"Rod Ramsey" <rramsey@mindspring.com> wrote in message
news:9pm2j5$i9v$1@slb7.atl.mindspring.net...
>
> So. In one day, SOE announces how the SOL expansion is going to allow for
> post 50 char advancement (though in vague terms), details the benefits of
> the SOL engine, reveals that they are retexturing the old world (for an
> unspecifed price), they're upping hybrid melee effectiveness in the end
> game, and oh yeah, they finally lowered resistances on endgame mobs.
>
> Someone remind me, when does DAOC go live again?  I'm sure it's a pure
> coincidence, of course.
>
>
>
>




