From 531522259153145708
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c2844750f797ab85,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-02-06 11:06:36 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <d0875e0e20ce6daba9710827c81079dd@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!newsfeed3.easynews.com!newsfeed2.easynews.com!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Fri, 06 Feb 2004 18:56:01 GMT
Lines: 149
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 25: The Grey
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:18150

Tales of Loral
Chapter 25: The Grey

Jolain Goldenleaf stared out over the wastelands of the Grey. The vacuum 
of the land pulled his skin tight against his face and only the magical 
protection of his amulet kept his lungs from exploding in his chest. A 
long lock of his jet black hair fell across his scarred face. Dirt and 
grime covered the normal shine of his masterfully crafted and highly 
magical armor, a gift from the Coldain Dwarves for his services in their 
war against Kael Drakkal. His blade, the golden runed outer-planiar 
blade Nature's Defender, was caked with the acidic blood and clay of the 
burrowing worms, timeless golems, and skeletal slaves put in the land by 
their vile masters an eternity earlier.

For a month Jolain had traveled to the vast wastelands of the Grey and 
for two weeks he had carved through the unliving creatures of the dead 
land. Five score of the beasts had fallen under his blade and Jolain was 
able to heal his wounds with the prayers of Tunare. For two weeks he 
fought outside the massive pyramid in the center of the wasteland 
learning much of the ancient snake-people and their minions.

Jolain felt the ground tremble beneath his feet. In an instant Jolain's 
blade came up in time to parry a huge stone arm swinging inches away 
from his golden helmed head. The strength of the blow sent Jolain to the 
ground, but he swung hard at the beasts legs. The fine edge of Nature's 
Defender cut five inches into stone leg of the beast. The rockfiend, a 
faceless mass of rocks and shimmering ore held together by an unnatural 
magnetic bond, swung a massive fist and connected solidly with Jolain's 
chest blasting the breath from his magically filled lungs. Another swing 
smashed Jolain's head and sent his helmet spinning to the ground. 
Jolain's vision darkened into a fading tunnel and he felt a stream of 
warmth flow from the side of his head as he fell to the ground unconscious.

Two weeks and a planet away, Loral entered the small office of Yeolarin 
Bronzeleaf, high priest of Felwithe. Yeolarin sat at a small table 
covered with many dishes of the fine foods of the church. On his left 
sat Tynkael, a leutenant of the Paladin's guild, and on his right sat a 
dark haired high elf wearing the deep red robes of an elder spellcaster 
but from which guild Loral couldn't guess. Yeolarin stood and embraced 
Loral then asked him about his travels in Luclin. The chit chat ended 
quickly when Leutenant Tynkael cleared his throat and Yeolarin bade 
Loral to sit. A plate of food was placed in front of Loral, though he 
mainly pushed it around as they talked.

The same time Loral was sent to Luclin, Leutenant Tynkael explained, an 
agent of the Paladins guild was sent to gather information on the threat 
of the Shissar. Shortly after reporting of his journey to the Grey 
contact with the agent had stopped. Yeolarin took over the conversation 
and explained that the church had agreed to send someone to travel to 
Luclin and track down this lost paladin.

Loral found the story ironic. The dangers of Luclin were well known and 
Loral was far from surprised to hear someone had gone missing. The 
paladin had most likely been killed by any number of horrors. To send a 
priest to rescue a single soldier didn't make much sense but Loral knew 
the loyalty of Felwithe. Even Loral was shocked by his own negativity 
towards the plight of the soldier. Loral looked to his longtime master, 
the high priest Yeolarin, and accepted the assignment.

Two days later in the underground city of Shadowhaven, Loral met his 
friends and fellow members of Healers United; Juror Truespirit the 
powerful Shaman of the Tribunal, Raom Spirithealer the battle-hardened 
Paladin of Marr, Cymil Sylvanshot the graceful and deadly ranger, and 
Wrenne Celtes the fierce druid of Tunare. Loral felt at home again among 
his old friends, relaxed and excited at their future adventure.

For two weeks the party traveled through the abandoned tunnels of 
Netherbian's Lair, the hilly grasslands of Dawnshroud Peaks, the barren 
plains of Marus Seru and the dangerous canyons of Mons Letalis. Before 
they knew it they stood staring into the howling mouth of the cavern to 
the Grey. The next morning the adventurers put on their magical rings, 
necklaces and cloaks of enduring breath and stepped past the shimmering 
barrier that contained the vacuum of the Grey.

The adventurers moved cautiously through the cave and into an ancient 
crypt. While magical air filled their lungs, the vacuum removed all 
sound from the space around them. The eerie silence drew many concerned 
looks between the party as they climbed the stairs and stepped outside 
into the great wasteland of the Grey. All around them the cracked earth 
was split apart by giant rocks that seemed to fall from the bright blue 
sky above. Great hulking beasts made of stone and clay lumbered between 
the fallen rocks. The party made its way carefully among the fallen 
rocks and over a large ridge. There they saw the temple of Ssraeshza.

Loral could feel the screams of a thousand generations of torment when 
his eyes beheld the horrific temple. To see such a construction in the 
center of such a desolate land was terrifying enough, but the dark aura 
of the place chilled the companions to the bone. Quietly the party 
walked closer to the finely crafted walls of the temple, built by the 
hands of a thousand skeletal slaves.

Without warning the Revenants attacked, their rotten serpentine bodies 
pushing them quickly across the ground. Loral gasped in horror when one 
of the beasts de-hinged its jaw to clamp down on his throat, but Loral 
was saved when the great stone blade of Raom's axe cleaved through the 
creatures back. Even the mighty stomach of Raom, hardened under a 
lifetime of ale, turned over when the creature twisted against the 
severed spine and silently hissed. Raom and the Shissar Revenant 
clenched together and Raom's feet slid as the creatures venomed claw 
closed in on his face. Raom's left hand let go of the axe handle and 
with a powerful magical blast he smashed the half-snake against the 
temple wall. Loral held his symbol of Tunare and whispered a prayer 
calling great tendrils from the earth around the serpentine body of the 
rotting horror. Another prayer sent rays of light bursting from the 
creatures broken chest and it slid to the ground, it's evil spirit departed.

Loral turned in time to see Cymil's whirling blades finishing the second 
revenant. In a wide circular cut of the blade Earthcaller, Cymil sliced 
the throat of the beast and then sliding his arm tight to his body he 
stabbed through the beasts torso with twin blade Swiftwind. The party 
was stunned to see the green blood boiling off the ground around the 
dead revenant.

As they looked in horror, a great shadow of an enormous golem fell over 
the weary party. The beast stood as high as a hill giant, it's great 
fists as wide as Juror's shoulders. Juror was the first to act, 
channeling a cloud of insects around the beast while Wrenne called upon 
the powers of her Nature Walker's Scimitar, snaring the giant with roots 
of the earth. Loral called a blast of magical energy rocking the ancient 
creature on its heels. Raom's axe cut deep into the thick skin while 
Cymil's twin blades sliced pieces of clay and stone from the servit's 
chest and abdomin. With a silent roar, Juror stabbed his etherial tipped 
spear deep into the knee of the beast bringing it down to their level. 
Wrenne pointed at the beast and wildfire coursed over its body. Raom 
cleaved deep into the back of the creture's neck, almost severing it's 
head from the great body. Cymil dove out of the way as the five ton 
monster fell to the earth.

The companions spoke little that night, huddled in the cave of Mons 
Letalis sharing blackened bread, fish rolls, and magically summoned 
water from Loral's powerful boots. The following morning Wrenne would be 
heading back to Norrath along with Juror. Cymil and Raom would be 
returning to Shadowhaven to learn more in the inns and taverns of the 
newly discovered city. A snicker broke the heavy air when Juror asked 
how much they planned to discover at the bottom of a keg of porter, but 
Loral's mind was elsewhere. He told them of his plans to study the lands 
more, and they knew that was a half-truth at best. Loral had little 
choice if he wished to follow through with the orders of the Church. He 
would have to enter the temple of Ssraeshza and face whatever horrors 
lay within.

-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



