From -4784007629608228863
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f854c1919970b2e1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 18 Jun 2004 22:00:16 -0500
Date: Fri, 18 Jun 2004 23:00:12 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Bard thread for Lewzephyr
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <LbKdnb4OgYbcMU7d4p2dnA@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 131
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.82
X-Trace: sv3-6eJExN2eTbOL1VRHtuVaj2GIednMAg9+xY4uqIrv4ZwscfuQcrL9im9PQWM3NJQNuYyncUclZ3ICa3p!GDa/3IRzFAp01E2bgKgsK4MmUvZ5pguL9vHxb+h2BEkMNd81xJjMw9rJoNJt9zFBWg2XSIduoss=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6920

Hey Lance,
 >	On a side question... I was thinking of starting a bard... for
 >the experience of just saying I've done it.  When do you feel that
 >they come into their own.  That is when do they start being able to
 >solo like you describe above?  I often hear of and see bards running
 >in circles with several mobs in tow.  I am not sure but I belive it is
 >called swarm kiting?
 >	So, when does this wonderful skill / fun start?

Oh like I'm the expert bard now.

Bards start out, like almost everyone, as melee characters.  They have a 
song that gives them some added stats that don't matter much.  They get 
one that lets them do damage to everything standing nearby, which is 
very dangerous and results in lots and lots of deaths, hopefully the 
repeated negative reinforcement will train you to pick songs carefully 
and stay aware of your surroundings.

Their next song is utterly useless, Jig o'Vigor.  Unless changed, this 
song regenerates a stat which is no longer used... and even when it was 
used, affected almost nobody.  It was fun in that you could use it to 
boost your travel speed a little bit by jumping up and down while 
running, the "hop skip and jump" technique.

Then there's corpse locating.  This little gem lets you find bodies. 
Your own body.  Someone else in the zone with you's body.  Random 
bodies, the nearest one, be it mob or PC.  Rarely important or 
necessary, but its with you for the rest of your life, and will come in 
handy countless times.

Then you hit the first golden age for bards; Selo.  Suddenly you can run 
faster than mobs.  Its now possible (difficult, but possible) to kill 
mobs without ever letting them touch you, by running rings around them 
and hitting them with that AOE song.  Selos will be useful till 50 or so 
when you get a better version.  Frankly, it sucks, since it eats a song 
slot both in memorization, and in your song loop.  If you can get SOE, 
or SOW, or JBoots or TBoots, take it, the only reason you'd prefer Selos 
is if you are travelling very long distances on the ground, or if 
there's a SOW speed mob involved.

Next spell, Hymn.  Now you're a healer.  A really really sucky one, 
since you can't actually heal at all... but you are singing a 
substantial hp regen that can make a big difference in down time, and a 
noticable difference in a fight.  This regen stacks with everything 
except another bard (or yourself) singing something in the same line.

Next up, a self only haste buff, increasing your melee output.

I forget the progression after that, you keep adding new lines for quite 
a while, though, all sorts of different bard tools, allowing you to play 
lots more different roles, including soloing in different ways.  The 
mobs get tougher too, though, and by 20 or so, like most classes you've 
lost the ability to melee solo mobs unless you are wearing great twink 
gear.  Bards, though technically a plate class and a hybrid, seem to be 
on the same armor table as clerics, which is another plate wearing class 
that takes hits like they were wearing spandex.

Anyway, somewhere along here you've picked up the ability to snare and 
slow, making you a great addition to almost any class.  Then you get a 
little mana regen song which helps even more.  Low 20s are a great time 
to work on grouping.  Mid to high 20s (again I forget the level) you get 
a song which could retire you from grouping for life, the first charm song.

-------------major tactical ability change-----------------------------

With this, you can charm one mob and have it fight another; as long as 
you do some of the damage to the target, you get most of the exp (there 
are people who can explain this part better, as I think the rules on it 
have changed since my days as a bard.  At any rate, charm a good big mob 
and have it chew thru a series of lower level mobs; mobs tend to hit 
harder and have better AC than any PC or PC's pet at a given level, 
again excepting really outrageously twinked out PCs.

Eventually, though, your pet will get so hurt he's going to die.  Could 
just let him die and replace him.  But wait. Break charm, kill the pet, 
get even more exp, waste not want not.

Hmm.  We could have the pet kill two mobs instead of one.  Of course, 
he'll get injured twice as fast.  But since we are going to kill him for 
exp when he dies, thats ok.

Hmmm.  What if we have him fight higher level mobs?  He's dying pretty 
fast now, but after all, we're getting the exp for killing him.

Hmmmm, fighting two mobs the same level as him, he's dying faster than 
the mobs he's fighting.  That seems to suck.  BUT, if we are getting the 
exp for him dying, and he's half killed one of the other two, and then 
we use the remaining one to kill him, and then kill that last one... we 
are getting three kills, and only have to do the actual work on half of 
one kill.  We are using the mob DPS for the other two kills.  And lets 
see, thats 3 mob DPS for the first kill (two hurting original pet plus 
pet hurting one of the mobs) and 2 mob DPS for the second kill (two mobs 
hurting each other)

Hmmmm... that means that with 4 mobs, its going to be 4 3 2 mob DPS.  5 
mobs, 5 4 3 2.  The more mobs we have going, the more multiples of mob 
level DPS we have working!

Now I'll grant you, it gets tricky.  With 10 mobs beating on your pet, 
its quite possible to break charm too slow, if the mobs kill him while 
he's still your pet, you get no exp, you just lost 10 mob DPS!

Its also tricky keeping them all on your pet, or evading the ones that 
break off and come for you.  Remember, though, the point of charm swarms 
is not damaging the swarm, its having the swarm damage your pet.

Mid 30s you get an upgrade to that charm that will work on much higher 
level mobs, but it works a triffle differently so you have to relearn 
things a bit.

You'll also get up to 5 targetable ranged DOT songs that stack with each 
other, so you can single kill by singing... this can be done earlier, 
but it becomes an art when you get to being able to stack all 5 chants 
at once.

You also get a fear somewhere in your 20s, and can combine that with 
snare song to fear kite... something I never had much luck with, and I 
had experience fear kiting in a druid/cleric combo.  To me, the bard 
tools for this were far too sloppy for consistent success.

And you get more of those PBAE DOT songs, and some people swear by swarm 
kiting by gathering a cluster of mobs and running around them singing 
those; easier in many ways than the charm swarm technique, but tricky 
because the range of the AE effect is pretty short, so you need to keep 
swooping in really close, but hopefully staying just outside melee 
range.  I never mastered this one, although I've heard good things.

There's lots more to it than this, but those are the basics.

Llyric, 57 Vah Shir Bard, Firiona Vie



