From -7175194924391322449
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,25405621cd71a57e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-19 00:19:10 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-05!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Ben Haddick" <bhaddick@SPAMISBADhotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Elysian Armor, have you got yours?
Date: Mon, 19 Aug 2002 02:19:51 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <um16tvi4845pb6@corp.supernews.com>
References: <q3gmlu8lii6g0t8bcss6gmiok4c2o1h3cj@4ax.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 87
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:224043


"Pit Gypsy" <pit_gypsy@msn.com> wrote in message
news:q3gmlu8lii6g0t8bcss6gmiok4c2o1h3cj@4ax.com...
> I'm looking for tips, hints and info about hunting the "disturbed
> elysian remains" in Umbral Plains for their druid only armor.  I have
> read up some on Allakazam's website.  Just wanted to know what some of
> you may have to offer.
>
> I'm a level 55 druid without my epic.  With KEI my WIS sits at 250 and
> I can cast mana-free drones, snare and lightning strike.  Here's what
> I have found out so far.
>
> I've been told they have a ton of HP, take forever to bring down and
> break root alot although not resistant to it.  At my level they should
> be a mix of dk blue, white and yellow cons.  They run at sow speed
> when not snared and hit hard but don't summon and all but the
> Corrupted casts and I hear he's a druid that likes to cast lvl 49
> nukes and dots.
>
> Info I have on the rest of the zone is;
> most other mobs (excluding the elysian remains) can summon and resist
> snare and root.  There are SK's and clerics that look like floating
> grey robes I should avoid at all costs.  Most things see invisible and
> there is a line of sight rule that if you can see them they can see
> you and will aggro, even from a distance that you may ordinarily
> ignore, or ignores you, when hunting in most zones.
>
> That about covers it for what I have gleemed about the zone and the
> mob I am after.  I would appreicate any other insights or suggestions
> that others may have to offer.

You should be fine, I've been soloing them since 53 without epic, though I
only did it with KEI until recently (at 55).

There's a safe valley in the southeast corner, just zone in, invis, and
follow the right hand zone wall past the big stone building.

Pull from the flat area to the north of the safe valley with invis and
proximity agro, DON'T GET HIT!  In that area there's a bunch of wanderers,
Shak Dathor (never see invis), Fallen Soldiers (never see invis), a very
rare Netherbian of some sort (can see invis, about 50/50 on that),
Gargantuan Zelniaks (haven't seen invis the 3 times I've seen them),
Disturbed Elysian Remains (TARGET!, always sees invis) and occasionally
Corrupted Elysian Elder (BAD, random spawn with any Disturbed Elysian
Remains as PH, always sees invis, can cast 49+ druid spells)
Everything in zone can summon, except for the Disturbed Elysian Remains.

Run up along the zone wall to the flat area, then wait til you see an
Elysian that you want to kill, preferably a fair distance away from any
other elysians (they are social), then swoop down and get close, but not too
close, wait for it to start moving towards you, then run back over to the
zone wall and back towards the safe area.  When you get to the clump of
trees at the north end of the safe valley, Ensnare your target (if you
don't, there's a pathing issue in those trees that can cause it to warp back
to spawn point and lose agro, snaring will prevent that, I have no idea why
though).

Only use Ensnare (you will have to refresh it if soloing), Winged Death, ES
arm/velious bracer Drones of Doom (fairly much necessary to have for this)
and your level 5 Grasping Roots, and epic if you have it (I don't either).
Stay in Form of the Howler for mana regen also.

They have about 18-20 khp, max melee hit for 198 double + ~60 bash are very
resistant to poison and disease (not important for druids though) and normal
resist rates on magic and fire, but they break root a LOT.  I've gotten
about 1/4 drop rate on armor, they can also drop spells up to level 54 or so
(confirmed drops of Foliage Shield, Spirit of Eagle, Mark of Retribution,
and Plague of Insects) but I've never seen a spell off of them.

You should be able to handle the blue and yellow ones with equal difficulty
if you have KEI, it might be more difficult though for the higher level ones
without it.

The BP and legs are well worth the camp, I personally like the boots also
and wish to shoot people who say that coldain skin is better (on the boots,
coldain skin gloves beat elysian hands down), I want the arms, but I got my
BP/legs and so don't really care since I have Gladiator Chain sleeves and
look like a newbie ranger.  The crown is also decent, but it's fugly and I
wear Woven Grass or one of my resist crowns (tranix or froggy) since they,
uh, aren't fugly.  The bracers are ok, but due to effects I prefer thurg
quest and supple scale instead.  Gloves are crappy, but if you're still
wearing split paw/gnome skin for some reason I guess they're ok, I want to
shoot people who wear ANY of the druid velious quest gloves also.






