From -339779954707043976
X-Google-Thread: fb739,864b5eb8ba35b4c6,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsread.com!news-xfer.newsread.com!news.glorb.com!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!news1
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Monual's New Server
Date: Wed, 19 Jan 2005 12:19:06 -0600
Organization: http://newsguy.com
Lines: 235
Message-ID: <csm8aq0n8f@news1.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-389.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:29923

So, after my old server broke disbanded, I took a break from EQ.  I found 
solace in playing games like Half-Life 2, Knights of the Old Republic II, 
and some player-made campaigns for NeverWinter Nights (Rick Burton's 
"Twilight" and "Midnight" modules are just awesome).

I flirted quite strongly with the idea of quitting EQ altogether, coming 
very close to that decision a couple of times.  When the guildchat went 
silent, EQ was suddenly a very lonely game.  Hard to get a group, no one to 
just chat with, everyone I knew had gone to other games... a lot of the 
social aspect had been taken out.

Still, I did enjoy the game, and wanted to continue to enjoy it.  So I put 
out some feelers.  There was no way in heck I was joining the only remaining 
uber-guild on Drinal, so I sent an inquiry to the guild recruiter for the 
guild of another regular poster here in a.g.e, James Grahame.  The recruiter 
wanted to know what I was flagged for, and was pleased to learn I was 
flagged through Txevu.  I also talked to James's character, who indicated 
that the guild was rebuilding, so if I joined I'd have to join them in 
farming old content.

That seemed fine to me.  So, now I had an alternative.  The question I had 
to ask myself was, did I really want to stay with EQ?

I logged on Monual and sat him in front of the bank in the Plane of 
Knowledge.  I started handing out buffs for free, refusing donations.  With 
my gear and AA's my Temp lasted 175 minutes and Virtue lasted 262.5 minutes, 
so I was soon sought out for those buffs.  I also advertised a "special 
surprise buff" for level 45 characters, which was nothing more than Ancient 
Aegolism, of course.

It felt good to do this, but I really wanted to group.  So I made the 
journey to Riftseekers and put up LFG.  I actually got an invite from a 
group in MPG, who told me they were at "odi".  I had no idea where "odi" was 
but it turned out to be quite close to the RS zone line.

I joined up and soon shook off the rust of a two-month layoff.  The old 
cleric reflexes were still there, and I was soon back in the familiar 
healing rhythm.  We got some nameds and runes began dropping.  I had exactly 
one level 66+ spell and desperately needed runes.  When this group found 
that out, they graciously allowed me to loot all runes that dropped because 
they all had all their rune drops already.  Their generosity blew me away.

The next day one of the members of that group invited me to a new group in 
Riftseeker's.  So I made my way there, and as soon as I joined he handed me 
another rune.  Truly, I was touched; a tremendously generous gesture.  We 
began pulls and almost immediately the tank was effusive with praise:  "Hey, 
this cleric actually heals!"

I was also recruited by another cleric to try and join the uber-guild.  She 
evidently didn't know anything about me or she wouldn't have even tried.  =) 
She was very nice and I was polite in return, but made it clear that as long 
as their leadership remained, I could not in good conscience join the guild. 
She still tried to convince me but in the end we parted on pleasant terms.

I continued to give away buffs in PoK, too, and sometimes ran into old 
guildmates.  Had a few conversations, people missed our guild but had found 
other ways to enjoy the game.

Overall the experience was an extremely positive one and I was quite happy. 
This was what I liked about EQ, this is what I enjoyed about the game.  Good 
people working together to accomplish a goal.

So, my decision was made.  I'd move to another server and start over there. 
I read the rules for transferring characters: I could move two from one 
account with plat and equipment for $75.  Nothing in the shared bank slot 
would be transferred.

I looked over my characters across two accounts.  I then made a difficult 
decision: I'd cancel the account with Marrtuk and Rudnom on it.  I just 
didn't play EverQuest enough any more; Marrtuk has been barely touched since 
he dinged 55.  As much as I enjoyed playing him, I just didn't see that it 
was worth maintaining the second account.

So I went through a lengthy process of stripping Rudnom and Marrtuk of their 
droppables and plat.  Most of their stuff I used for tribute for Monual, 
since he was running quite low.  Marrtuk's Cloak of Crystalline Waters I 
kept, along with the Anklesmasher; I'll decide what to do with those later. 
Marrtuk had a few pieces of no-drop gear (including a Fabled breastplate) 
that I left on him.  I deleted all my characters except Monual, Sterman (my 
very first character and still level 14), and Marrtuk, who I just couldn't 
quite bear to kill.  Marrtuk remains alone in a cancelled account; since I 
pre-paid, he'll be there for a while should I change my mind and decide to 
bring him out of retirement.

After I had made certain my shared bank was empty, I put in for a server 
move for Monual and Sterman.  I got back an email saying that the transfer 
could take three weeks.  Wow, didn't know it would be that long.

I went back to grinding, and found that I was being sought after for RS 
groups now.  While I'd like to think it's because of my superior skill, I 
have to be honest and say it's my lack of guild affiliation - during prime 
raiding hours I'm certain it's very difficult to find well-geared clerics to 
grind with.

What turned out to be my last XP group on Drinal came when I got an invite 
to a Wall of Slaughter group.  I'd never actually done an XP group there, so 
I accepted.  The group was all in their upper 60's and not well-geared, so I 
was actually spending more mana healing them than I had in RS.  Plus I was 
getting much less experience.  Still, the group was fun.  The enchanter was 
pulling, and got stunned during one pull.  Two mobs came into camp, and I 
expended a great deal of my mana but I kept everyone alive long enough to 
kill them both.  During the fight, the enchanter asked into group, "Wipe?" 
"Nah," I responded.  Afterwards the group was full of praise for my ability 
to keep them alive.  Not a bad way to spend my last day on Drinal.

During work the next day I checked my home email and found a message saying 
that my server move had been completed, a week after I requested it.  So I 
went home with some mild anticipation and logged on.  Sure enough, under 
Quellious popped up my two characters.

I felt strange about that.  Drinal, my home for four years, was now behind 
me.  Still, a home is just a place unless you have family there, too, and 
almost all of my EQ friends had stopped playing on Drinal.  I really had no 
one to say goodbye to.

I logged on and found myself where I'd logged off on Drinal, in the Plane of 
Knowledge.  The first thing I noticed was that my windows had been reset and 
my hotkeys were gone.  I logged off, found my Mounal_drinal.ini file, 
renamed it to Monual_quellious.ini, and logged back on.  Ah, much better, 
although I still had to put my windows back to where I wanted them.

I /ooc'd "Hail Quellious" and actually got a couple of response.  I then 
sent a tell to the guild recruiter, indicating I had finished my server 
move.  I had to remind him of who I was, but once he found out that I was 
Time-flagged, he told me, "Get to Time".

Gosh, it had been quite a while since I'd done Time.  I ran there and zoned 
in.  I found the raid inviter at the zone-in.  He invited me into the raid 
and told me they were now in Phase 3.  I made my way there and was 
immediately moved to a group that needed a cleric.

I asked the recruiter, a cleric, if there was a cleric channel.  He told 
they had a channel that all healers spammed heal messages into, and a 
channel strictly for the Complete Heal Chain.  I joined both while trying my 
best to heal.  We had stopped spamming heals long ago in my old guild and I 
actually had no heal hotkeys anymore except for my CHC hotkey.  I decided 
against creating them right there because Phase 3 of Time is hectic enough 
as it is.

Phase 3 was soon completed and the raid moved into Phase 4.  I asked how 
they did their CHC and was soon moved into a cleric-only group, which 
included another cleric recruit.  They set up the rotation and indicated 
that their first target would be Tallon Zek.  I asked where they stood 
during the CHC and it turned out to be very close to where we stood in my 
old guild.

We began, and the CHC is sloppy.  The recruit has actually never been in a 
raid before and struggles with the CHC.  One cleric takes a few rotations to 
actually participate.  Despite all that, the Main Tank stays alive the 
entire fight and we win.  I smile and find that I'm quite enjoying myself; I 
haven't raided in a long time and am finding that I still like it.

I run up to the corpse and check the drops, since I'm not in guildchat and 
can't see the links.  I wonder if I make anyone nervous by doing so, but no 
one says anything.  I don't need anything from Time anyway, my gear's pretty 
good.  Not that I wouldn't mind a Hammer of Holy Vengeance, though.  =) 
Still, such stuff would be a minor upgrade at best and I'm certain there are 
people who need it far more than I do.  Plus, of course, as a recruit I'm 
certain it will be quite a while before I qualify for loot.

Vallon Zek and Terris Thule go down equally easily.  I seem to be doing 
well; I'm staying right with the CHC rotation and my mana is holding up 
quite nicely, especially in comparison with the other recruit who quickly 
runs out of mana.  This is why I don't want to start over again with another 
game like WoW or EQ2: I've worked quite hard to get Monual the gear he has 
and I want to enjoy the benefits of that labor.

We move on to the last mob they fight in Phase 4: Saryn.  Saryn has a nasty 
AE effect that drains mana something fierce, but with a high enough disease 
resist it's easy to overcome.  I get a resist buff from a shaman and once 
again find out where to position myself.  I also find out that there's a 
raid channel they forgot to invite me into, and that I've been missing the 
instructions (and, incidentally, the loot drops) that have been sent to that 
channel.  I wonder why they need a raid channel when they could simply use 
/raidsay, but decide it's not in my best interests to ask.

We begin.  The rotation goes quite well and I'm resisting every one of 
Saryn's AE casts, so I've got lots of mana.  The other recruit and a couple 
of other clerics get hit early and quickly run out of mana.  In the end, the 
CHC gets quite ragged but, amazingly, the tank lives throughout.  I end up 
with 30% mana despite getting hit with the AE towards the end.  Again, I 
feel good about my performance.

They begin to clean up all the adds that Saryn spawns during the fight, when 
suddenly a *ton* of mobs from Phase 5 suddenly appear.  I blanche.  Now, 
there are a couple of ways you could interpret my next action.  You could 
say that, with my long experience of raids and raid adds, I could analyze 
pretty quickly the likelihood of the raid surviving the onslaught of twenty 
additional mobs with most healers very low and mana and determine that it 
was to the raid's benefit that I back out and try to avoid aggro so I can 
rez everyone later and thus save time.  Or you could say that I was too 
afraid of dying and chickened out.  =)

I flee from the battle.  The other clerics die quickly, followed by the rest 
of the raid.  I've never seen Phase 5 mobs add into a Phase 4 battle before 
and comment about that in the group.  Another cleric says it happens to them 
quite a bit.  I wonder if it's because of the order they do the mobs - my 
old guild always did TT and Saryn first, then TZ and VZ.

The Phase 5 mobs have now killed everyone and are trying to path back.  This 
entails a quite lengthy path to one end of the room and back.  And, 
unfortunately, people keep getting aggro, including a cleric who camped but 
came back too soon, and this force the mobs to start their long path all 
over again.  In the end, the rogues who survived start dragging corpses to 
me, and I begin rezzing the raid.

In my old guild it was a running joke that I had a secret way of surviving 
raids without dying, which I called the Monual Method.  The joke was this: 
don't heal.  If you never get heal aggro, you'll survive every raid.  The 
Monual Method works equally well at preserving mana, too.  I make that same 
joke into the cleric group and it goes over like a lead balloon.  Perhaps I 
should wait a bit before making similar jokes in the future; I'm not 
entirely certain they knew I wasn't serious.  =)

It's quite late and lots of people have to log, so they call the raid after 
the recovery.  I thank the raid for having me and head back to PoK.  I spend 
a few minutes handing out buffs there, too.  Another cleric, who 
paradoxically is roleplaying in /ooc, compliments me for my altruism.  This 
cleric is evidently well-known for this and lots of people respond in /ooc. 
There's lot's for me to learn about the people on this server, but I'm 
looking forward to it.

There's a new expansion coming out soon, which I'll buy and take a look at. 
When all is said and done, I do enjoy playing EverQuest and don't plan to 
give it up anytime soon.  Monual lives.  =)


-- 
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Prelate of Rodcet Nife
Quellious server 




