From 7031602174008951204
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5ad17b53d030baa8
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!border2.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2006 22:03:53 -0500
Date: Wed, 19 Jul 2006 23:03:50 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: How do bows work? [was Re: Mana Starved]
References: <QLGdndwuYutzgiDZnZ2dnUVZ_uqdnZ2d@dejazzd.com> <7wk669ur0g.fsf@ca.icynic.com>
In-Reply-To: <7wk669ur0g.fsf@ca.icynic.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <ccydnZ_n39UEbyPZnZ2dnUVZ_rudnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 158
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.47.209
X-Trace: sv3-kjf741q/akg6pzjpMbDjwrNh7NSNFL+XzxpYDMom+QPaaCxOr/iqIxyngXdiHKsp5VN32HT95ezsQ/A!4kmJuFmTyy4KZct7C8BIqH2m1CQdJXw2EjmlTILEacJNyptZEjx9YVkQluAFFBoAqSZHtlqaC7U0!D4I3LL5hDQM=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3286



Don Woods wrote:

> Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com> writes:
> 
>>Pulling, I'm even less able to cast spells; luckily I've invested some 
>>time in fletching so I have a decent range bow (100) and arrows (150) so 
>>I can pull without spending mana, as I can basically only afford to cast 
>>a single snare per mob, and if we are killing too slowly that snare runs 
>>out before the mob gets around to running.
> 
> 
> Not being on the progression servers, my SK has never had much trouble
> finding a mana regen buff, so I usually pull with a snare/dot such as
> Dooming Darkness.  As a result, I've completely neglected my Archery
> skill.  And since none of my other characters have Archery at all, I've
> realised I have almost no idea how the skill works.  So it's high time
> I asked some questions about it. :-)
> 
> I see that bows and arrows both have ranges and damage stats.  (They
> also both have Delay, but the Delay on arrows seems always to be zero?)
> How do those stats work?  I.e., is the range the sum of the two, or the
> smaller of the two, or what?  Likewise for the damage.
> 
Well I'm no expert, but it appears that range and damage are the sum of 
the bow plus arrow stats.  Delay too, of course, but since arrows have 
zero delay, you might as well just say its the bow.  Damage done seems 
to be comperable to a handheld weapon with the same stats, complete with 
damage bonus due to level.

What's interesting is that you don't need to stop moving to shoot an 
arrow, and the arrow takes time to travel in flight.  So you can poke 
forward into range, let off an arrow, and move back towards your pull 
spot without pausing at all.  Shooting the initial arrow seems to be 
instantaneous, the delay is the "grey out" time until you can next shoot 
one; unlike melee attacks, though, you have to push the button once for 
each shot (barring macros or funky joystick tricks or maybe some AA 
rangers might get at high levels)

> My tradeskiller got fletching up to 200 at some point (probably for the
> shawl quest, but I forget), but I wasn't really paying attention to how
> much arrows cost to make, and certainly have no idea what to look for in
> an arrow.  (This is, of course, partly because I don't know what the
> range and damage stats do. :-)  But I know one of the reasons I've shied
> away from archery is because I see folks hawking arrows for, say, 5pp
> each, and paying 5pp per bowshot just seems extravagant.  What is a
> typical outlay for ammunition if I'm willing to make it myself?
> 
For the most part, arrows are astonishingly cheap if you don't care 
about damage, cheap and low level.  The storebought "arrow" is a bit 
pricy and has an abyssimal range, but if you make your own, you can 
easily put together arrows that are less expensive than those, and have 
a 150 range.  Since I use them strictly to pull with, I don't care about 
damage much at all, and wouldn't use anything better than those basic 
ones if it weren't for the fact that I'm working on skilling up 
Fletching just as a hobby... this means making arrows by the metric 
tonn, and rather than sell them to the vendors, I dump them all in my 
bags for use.  It helps a lot that you can now stack them to 100 instead 
of just to 20 per.

Lets see, small nock, field point, parabolic, wood shaft, I think thats 
  the cheapest 150 range arrow, each attempt would cost 93cp and 
potentially make 5 (a fail makes none of course) so assuming you fail 1 
in ten tries, you'll need 22 tries for a stack of 100, so just over 2pp.

For shorter range pulls, though, the bare minimum arrow, large groove, 
field point, wood shaft, round fletching, would cost 24cp per attempt, 
again making 5 at a time, 22 tries costs 528cp for a stack of 100. 
Range on that will be a whopping 25, but cheaper than the storebought 
equivalents.  I wouldn't bother with a handmade bow for a long time, 
even at my 110 skill there's nothing on my makable list with over a 100 
range, and those seem to cost over 18pp per attempt to make.  Vendors 
carry a Longbow which has a 100 range for around 4pp.  Damage/delay 
sucks, but I don't care about that.


> I've used thrown weapons, and for those I've noticed that stuff seems to
> jump around in my inventory.  E.g., if I put a stack of thrown weapons
> in my range slot, when I throw one some of the rest move over to my ammo
> slot, or something like that.  But I think if I have more of the ammo item
> in my bags it gets used up automatically as well?  For bows, I'm guessing
> I equip the bow in the range slot and the arrows in the ammo slot?  If I do
> that, will it automatically find more of the same arrows in my bags?  And
> where do quivers fit into all of this?
> 
Bow in Range, arrow type of your choice in Ammo. You can stack up to 100 
in there, when you run down to the last one in the stack, you'll start 
pulling the ones out of your equipment... but only ones of the same 
type.  When you run out of that type, you'll use the one in the ammo 
slot, and then getting an out of ammo message even though you may have 
hundreds of arrows of some other type in your bags.

If you're really into archery for damage production, you'll want a 
quiver, which holds arrrows and acts as a haste item for the process; 
the amount of haste is based on the weight reduction of the quiver.  I 
have a tailored quiver, not for the haste part, but because its handy 
for keeping track of my ammo instead of seeing it spread out thru my 
bags and used all crazy when I die and loot in a different order and so 
on.  The tailored ones have 6 slots, as opposed to the store bought 4 
slot ones.  Since with the ammo slot that makes 700 arrows, I'm good for 
a long time between bouts of fletching.

As an SK, my skill cap for archery is 75.  This means I almost always 
miss any interesting target (greens, I can hit just fine, and even low 
blues).  However, a miss is just as good as a hit for what I want, which 
is a fast and mana free pulling tool; this however means my viewpoint 
about damage/delay is a bit warped... at low levels, when this wasn't 
the case, I actually bow kited a few mobs down just for the fun of it, 
this isn't really an option for me now.

Bow kiting, by the way, is the fine art of running around in reverse, 
hopefully faster than your target (he's snared  or you're SOWed or 
both), shooting at him.  Since you don't have to pause at all, you can 
even get away with this on unsnared mobs if you have a wide open playing 
field and a long range bow/arrow; it will take the mob quite a while to 
close that distance even though you run slower backwards than forwards. 
    Here, the damage/delay of your weapon is suddenly very important, 
using a Hunting Bow is the equivalent of using a Rusty Dagger, compared 
to a nice Rough Ashwood (hemp) which has stats almost as good as my 
BABS.. (well not really, 16/58 with a 12 bonus)I'd be impressed if I 
could hit the target more than once every 5 shots.

Archery done for damage can certainly run into money; spending about 1sp 
per pull is inconsequential, but if I were killing a mob with nothing 
but arrows I'd probably end up spending more cash on the arrows that I 
looted off the body.  Especially since its here that a Hooked Ceramic 
whatchamacalit becomes important, adding its damage to the damage of 
your bow.

One solution; mages can summon arrows.  Not great ones, but range 50 and 
hit magic, but most importantly, free.  For close in work, that resolves 
you of spending your handmade supply.

Another, rangers eventually get an AA which gives them an infinite 
supply of any given arrow.  This means they can invest huge amounts of 
cash into that one arrow, because they aren't going to be using it up., 
its this, combined with some other AA, that make archery a really viable 
damage production method for that one class.

Oh, something else I've seen done; a friend who's ranger was a GM 
fletcher put together a bow/arrow combination with a range so long that 
the mobs wouldn't even aggro to him when he hit them.  He was out of 
follow range.  He needed glimpse to spot his target in the first place, 
or would have to find them and then move out to his maximum range.  But 
I've literally stood next to a mob and watched its HP bar drop while it 
just stood there seemingly unaware anything was going on.  My current 
range of 250 isn't enough to do this with... and since he didn't have EQ 
yet (it wasn't even in the game at that time) it must have cost him a 
small fortune to demonstrate... but he was really more interested in 
fletching than he was in most of the rest of the game!

With more recent changes in the rules set, I suspect that he'd get no 
exp for the kill doing that, unless when the mob neared death he moved 
forward a good bit.

Lance
Berg, 37 SK, Combine


