From 2685341428689448745
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,db3c4f8fe461df6a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-26 07:53:31 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!west.cox.net!cox.net!p01!news2.west.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "Bat Child (Sue M.)" <batchild1@NOSPAM.cox.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: San Diego Union-Tribune, 8/26/2002:  Playing a Role
Organization: Knights of Xemu
Reply-To: batchild1@NOSPAM.cox.net
Message-ID: <5dgkmu0461eoddel3ujgi0ik98e31oded0@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 240
Date: Mon, 26 Aug 2002 14:53:30 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.6.221.195
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news2.west.cox.net 1030373610 68.6.221.195 (Mon, 26 Aug 2002 10:53:30 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 26 Aug 2002 10:53:30 EDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:225942

Found at:

http://www.signonsandiego.com/news/uniontrib/mon/business/news_mz1b26games.html

====================

Playing a Role

San Diego firms take prominent role in developing games for online
play 


By Kathryn Balint 
STAFF WRITER 

August 26, 2002 


Hard-core gamers have long stayed up half the night slaying dragons
and battling evil warlords. And compulsive Net users have long chatted
online until the wee hours of the morning.

Combine the two activities, and you've got the hottest trend in the
$20 billion-a-year electronic game industry. It's known as massively
multiplayer online role-playing games. 

And, as with some other tech-related fields, San Diego is at the
forefront in the development of these games.

The titles include Sony's EverQuest, Microsoft's Asheron's Call,
Electronic Arts' Ultima Online and Mythic Entertainment's Dark Age of
Camelot, all of which are responsible for more than a few all-nighters
and groggy gamers.

And to hook more players, the games will no longer be primarily for
computer play only.

Massively multiplayer online role-playing games (within the gaming
community, it's known as MMORPG; there's even a MMORPG.com site) are
in the offing for video-game consoles.

What makes these 3-D virtual worlds particularly alluring--addictive,
some might say--is that thousands of people all over the globe can
play at one time on the Internet.

The close friendships, perhaps even more so than the thrill of
competition, hook players to the point that they're more than willing
to pay a monthly subscription to keep getting their fix of the game.

"There's a blurring between real life and online life, and that
distinction is continuing to get further blurred," said Mark
Wiederhold, a San Diego physician and editor-in-chief of the
professional journal CyberPsychology & Behavior. 

"Technology, the quality of the graphics, the speed of the Internet
connection, all of these make the online experience much more real."

With 430,000 active subscribers, EverQuest leads the multiplayer game
phenomenon in North America. Put simply, it's "Dungeons & Dragons" for
the digital age, created in San Diego by Sony Online Entertainment.

The company said EverQuest hosted more than 100,000 simultaneous
players over one weekend last month. 

For $13.95 a month, EverQuest players get the opportunity to assume
the roles of dwarves, ogres and other medieval characters to conquer
mythical monsters in a world known as Norrath.

The point is to advance your character to the highest, most powerful
level, 60, starting at 1.

There's no way to go it alone. Players must enlist the help of online
allies to slay the powerful mobs and capture elusive treasures.
("Mobs" is EverQuest jargon, short for "mobile objects.")

Norrath is a world unto itself. It has a thriving economy, in which
players make and sell weapons in exchange for "plats," or platinum
pieces.

Some players sell their virtual goods on the Web--for cold, hard cash.

Fans discuss intricacies of the game on Internet message boards.

Others get together at conventions. A few even marry each other, both
online and in real life.

"It may be just a game, but it's a game that's almost alive," said
EverQuest player Paul Molina of Vista, who plays six hours a week as a
dwarf named Kullom. Molina's wife, Christi, plays on another computer
as a gnome named Wenjii.

In EQ, as the game is affectionally nicknamed by some of its fans,
there is no clear end, and, thanks to Sony, the fantasy world keeps
expanding.

So far, it has spawned three software add-ons, called expansion packs,
with new lands to explore. A fourth add-on, The Planes of Power
Expansion, is due in October.

Next spring, Sony Online Entertainment plans to come out with a
version of EverQuest for Macintosh. A sequel, EverQuest II, is also in
the works.

Sony is also creating a version of EverQuest for its PlayStation 2
game console for release next spring.

And that's just the start of the boom in massively multiplayer online
role-playing games. Among the games to look for:

l PlanetSide, a futuristic combat game, which is expected to be
released next spring by Sony's studios in San Diego.

l Star Wars Galaxies, based on the film series. Sony Online
Entertainment is creating this game in conjunction with LucasArts
Entertainment Co. No launch date has been set.

l The Sims Online, a multiplayer role-playing game based on Maxis'
popular computer game. Electronic Arts is the developer.

l A version of Sega's Phantasy ***CQ Star for the Nintendo GameCube.
Originally developed for the Sega Dreamcast video-game console, the
game comes out this fall.

l A multiplayer game based on "The Matrix," the Warner Bros.'
science-fiction movie.

l A game that's being developed for Microsoft by former EverQuest
designers Brad McQuaid and Jeff Butler. Butler and McQuaid left Sony
Online Entertainment earlier this year to form Vigil Games Online in
San Diego.

More sophisticated 

Online games have come a long way since the days of dial-up, text-only
multiuser-dungeons, or MUDs.

Today's high-speed Internet connections and realistic
three-dimensional graphics make the action much more compelling for
the 50 million people who play online games worldwide.

DFC Intelligence, a video-game market research firm in San Diego,
predicts that 114 million people will be playing online games four
years from now.

"Right now, they are only a small part of the industry," said DFC
president

David Cole. "I think they're going to grow and grow. Eventually, I
think all games will have some online component."

High-speed Internet connections and more powerful computer processors
are helping to fuel the boom in online gaming.

Also boosting the industry are the more powerful video-game
consoles--Sony's PlayStation 2, Microsoft's Xbox and Nintendo's
GameCube--which are capable of connecting players via the Internet.

All three console makers are offering online gaming, with Sony
launching its PlayStation 2 network tomorrow. Microsoft will launch
its Xbox Live on Nov. 15. For GameCube, Nintendo released a dial-up
adapter for online game playing Aug. 8. 

By 2006, DFC forecasts that 23 million people will play online games
using

their consoles.

At least initially, though, the console players won't be able to go
head-to-head against the computer players.

McQuaid of Vigil Games said that eventually it won't matter what kind
of machine a player is on--players will all be able to compete
directly with one another on the Net.

More types of games 

Technology isn't enough to reel in new players. The real name of the
game is content.

The broader selection of titles that are in the works could help.

"Not everybody wants to put on a suit of armor and go running around
in the world of EverQuest," said Scott McDaniel, vice president of
marketing for Sony Online Entertainment. "Some people would prefer to
go into the Star Wars universe and become a smuggler or a rebel or a
storm trooper."

No matter what the genre, though, it's the social aspect of online
role-playing games that keep players online for hours on end.

"The level of intensity of feelings people have toward other people in
Internet relationships is no different than actual relationships,"
said Wiederhold.

As in the real world, facing a life-or-death situation in an online
game can bring two players closer emotionally, even if their true
identities are hidden behind screen personas.

Research also shows that people who are anonymous online tend to
reveal information about themselves they otherwise wouldn't share,
bringing them closer together.

Going extreme 

For a few people, online games become such an obsession that careers
and marriages are destroyed. Or worse.

In Florida last year, a 9-month-old boy died because, prosecutors
said, his father played EverQuest while leaving the baby unattended in
a utility closet for more than 24 hours. The father was sentenced to
15 years in prison.

The mother of a 21-year-old Wisconsin man who played EverQuest for 12
hours a day blames the game for his suicide last fall.

EverQuest players have taken to calling the game "EverCrack," a
reference to its addictive qualities.

But whether people can become addicted to online games such as
EverQuest, or whether compulsive online game-playing is a symptom of
some other psychological problem, is a subject of much debate among
scholars.

Sony executives understand how compelling online games can be. After
all, many of them play EverQuest. But they advocate that players slay
monsters in moderation.

"People have to use a certain degree of responsibility," said
McDaniel, the Sony vice president.

"We operate under the general assumption that people who play our game
can differentiate between fact and fiction, that they're able to
realize when it's time to turn off the game."

Kathryn Balint: (619) 293-2848; kathryn.balint@uniontrib.com

====================

http://members.cox.net/batchild1
http://members.cox.net/scorseseinfo


