From 1602391866565464526
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8f5eb1dc334d35b6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-27 20:51:04 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!newsswitch.lcs.mit.edu!snoopy.risq.qc.ca!newsfeed.news2me.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!central.cox.net!cox.net!p01!news2.west.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3D9507A2.FD673B32@yahoo.com>
From: "Annie M. Benson-Lennaman" <anniebenlen@yahoo.com>
Reply-To: anniebenlen@yahoo.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Well...should I start?
References: <%84k9.51$Kf1.129727@news.uswest.net> <slrnap21mi.7ah.reply_in_group@tzs.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 120
Date: Sat, 28 Sep 2002 03:51:03 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.7.97.146
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news2.west.cox.net 1033185063 68.7.97.146 (Fri, 27 Sep 2002 23:51:03 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 27 Sep 2002 23:51:03 EDT
Organization: Cox Communications
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:234155

Tim Smith wrote:

Here's my input as well

> 1. You'll find EQ a lot more social than DAoC.  There are zone-wide
> broadcast channels, and people chatter a lot.  DAoC is much more silent,
> unless you are in a chatty guild.

   You can even chatter with people on other servers!  There are
serverwide channels for Clerics, and this newsgroup, and well, I should
imagine for other classes and groups.  Join a bunch of channels like I
do, get into a chatty guild and talk alot to them, join a group and talk
to them, and have a couple of different conversations going in /tell. 
Don't forget to have a real life conversation with your beloved also,
and what the  hey, some hapless telemarketer that only wanted to find
out what the interest rate on your currant mortgage is. Then start
getting mixed up, and you can confuse *scores* of people!  Fun!
   Oh... you can have fun without doing this, also, if you want.
 
> 2. Character differentiation in EQ relies more on equipment than it does in
> DAoC.  So, where you spend your time in DAoC worrying about how to allocate
> spec points, you'll worry in EQ about acquiring equipment.

   Yeah.  Some people obsess over equipment.  Dunno why, some of my best
adventures have been made wearing naught but my starting tunic.

> 3. EQ equipment can be "NO DROP", which means you can't give it away, trade
> it, or sell it to a vendor.  You might find this to be an odd concept, if
> you've not played a game that does this before.  (Hell, it IS an odd
> concept).

Less so on the roleplaying server, Firiona Vie.  A great server, but
maybe not for everyone.

> 4. Aside from fishing poles, EQ equipment lasts forever.  This means that as
> people get better equipment, they often give their old equipment to their
> low level alternate characters, or too friend's alts, or even to strangers
> (except for the NO DROP stuff, of course).  Starting new, without friends
> already playing to "twink" you, means you are going to be in equipment that
> is significantly wussier than other low level people.  Just keep in mind
> that when you see someone way better equiped than you, it doesn't mean
> you've not done a good job of getting stuff.

Don't beg.  Don't ask for stuff.  Don't ask for plat.  DO ask for
advice, either in game, or here.  But don't beg.  Don't ask for spells. 
Don't beg.  Don't ask for equipment.  Don't beg.  I know I'm forgetting
something important here... oh yeah...  DON'T BEG.  And don't think that
I'm kidding about this.  Because I am not.  Not even a little.

> 5. There are two interfaces available for EQ.  I don't recall if the trial
> version allows the new interface or not.  The old interface is pretty
> primitive.  The new interface is nice.  By default, it is in many ways
> reminiscent of the DAoC interface, and it is fully skinable, and many good
> third party skins are available.  (DAoC still has way better mouse control
> of the camera, though).  So, if the trial version doesn't allow the new
> interface, don't let the interface turn you off.  You *will* like the new
> interface when you get the full game.

Does cross server chatter work with the old interface?  Hmmm.  Yeah, you
will like the new interface, but the old one does work fine.

> 6. Downtime.  EQ has a lot more downtime than DAoC (or pretty much any other
> game).  A pure melee character in EQ, without being twinked significantly,
> usually has a tough time soloing, because of the downtime--it takes a long
> time to heal after a fight.  Casters do better, but still sit on their ass a
> long time.  A caster fighting things that have relatively low HP for their
> level is looking at 5 or 6 minutes, at least, sitting between fights getting
> mana back.  If you like to solo, choose your class carefully.

Nope.  Go nuts, pick lots of classes and whatnot.  Sooner or later,
you'll find one you really like.  It look me over a year and half to
pick my main, and I had alot of fun along the way.  I also have a faint
idea of how all the other classes operate, which is useful, no matter
what you settle on.  I don't recommend picking a bard  until you have
some serious game time under your belt.
   And try to group often.  It's fun, if you don't end up in pick up
hell.

> 7. Basic mob strategy is the same.  In both games, you'll find the roles of
> tank, healer, crowd controller, etc..  Mob AI is quite a bit different,
> though.  EQ mobs are noticably dumber, but are more likely to zerg you.

    And some players will strike you as being dumber than the mobs. 
Just a friendly heads up.

> 8. Tradeskills.  Want carpal tunnel syndrome?  Take up an EQ tradeskill.
> However, since the best EQ equipment is mob-dropped, not player-made, there
> is no compelling reason to take up an EQ tradeskill.  There are some quests
> that involve items that you have to make using tradeskills, and some of
> these items are NO DROP, so it is not pointless, but it is not necessary,
> either.

   Played with tradeskills on Drinal, luckily, and got them more or less
out of my system.  Pick one up if you get bored in later game, but
really, your life will be better if you don't mess with them.  Until you
decide you can't live without some stupid Coldain rags, of course.  But
really, I would say don't fool with trade skills until you have played
for at least a while.  If you MUST do a trade skill, go for baking
first.  It is fairly easy to get to the  point where you can make fish
rolls, and fish rolls are fairly useful to live off of  (if you are a
non-forager).

Annie <--- Knows that the way she plays is the best way... right?  


--
The Council of Mithril Dreams on Firiona Vie 

Teapray Oogrog 
An Elven Cleric in the Service of Tunare for 33 seasons 
Wife to Lenny the Traveling Ogre 

Also on FV
Lentea
An Iksar Shaman level 14, may be played by either Lenny or I.

------
My email has been sabotaged.  If you
can't figure out the fake part,
you're not supposed to write me.


