From 3149666254124751504
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,814fe9ec75d683f2,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-09-14 19:04:41 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!sjc70.webusenet.com!news.webusenet.com!elnk-nf2-pas!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!newsfeed2.easynews.com!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F651DF4.5B49DAD5@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: First LDoN experience
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 97
Date: Mon, 15 Sep 2003 02:11:25 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.149
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1063591885 66.109.254.149 (Sun, 14 Sep 2003 22:11:25 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 14 Sep 2003 22:11:25 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:300239

Finally having more than an hour to spare, I went LFG, and put up
the LFG tool as well, specifically mentioning "LDoN preferred"

Meantime I started setting up in OT, soloed a few mobs (Its nice
having my 34 pet, much better at killing than the 29 I've been
living on) and within ten minutes I got a tell to come to EC.
Reclaimed my pet and gated to POK, went Freeport stone, ran to EC
and the tunnel. Well, I also went LD zoning to Freeport... a
problem I've been having since the LDoN patch.

Found the guy who asked me to the group; next time I write the
name down in case of LD; and joined him.  He had one guy with
him, and we were waiting on fourth.  Group was 34 mage, 36 SK, 30
shaman, 32 necro.  Once the necro showed up, the SK told us to go
to SRo, so I used the Magus... and went LD.  By the time I logged
back in, the necro wasn't there yet (slow zoner) and the shaman
wasn't either... cause she'd run, not aware of the Magus
transportation system.  I had a message waiting for me when I
zoned in, and a blue line on my compass, which I followed right
to the SK.

Once we were all together, we did a little buffing (not enough
for my tastes) and then zoned in.  Of course I LD'd again.
Logged back in to find SK soloing something, popped out a pet and
sent it in, as the other two finished zoning, I got an invite and
we were back in business.  I'd prepped summoned armor and quite a
few weapons, so I armored my pet, and armed mine, the necro's and
the SK's... had to summon up an Elemental defender for that one,
too low to dual weild I guess.

At any rate, the mission proceded fairly well from there.  Mobs
single pulled or dual pulled all the way thru with very rare
exceptions, I DS'd the SK whenever he was fighting, sicced pet on
whatever he was on, nuked when FM or whenever the fight seemed
tough.  A few times the shaman or necro or I got aggro (mostly
the shaman) and I pulled pet off the main target and switched it
onto the rogue mob, no problem.  I didn't see any chests or
crates at all, but we'd been told not to open any chests by the
leader going in, so we didn't.  He did open a crate, and we got 3
mobs we had to fight, plus a bear added in somehow, that was our
hardest battle, everyone ended up aggroing something at one point
or another, and the mobs out of the crate seemed harder to kill
than the run of the mill orcs, bears, and wolves we mostly had to
deal with.

At the end, there were two more mobs and a boss mob, the
Pittmaster.  We pulled the two mobs, killed them, medded up, and
then went for the boss.  He was red to me, I couldnt' stick
Malaise of course (useless spell, never been able to stick it to
anything!), and yet my nukes all did just fine, full or a few
partial resists.  We were prepared for a hard fight, but it was
no more than twice as hard as the regular mobs, and since we were
all happily blowing mana as fast as we could (SK aggro stuck like
glue despite all pretense of aggro control from the group,
including myself, going clean out the window) he fell in a
quarter of the normal time to death of the other mobs.

A noise like an AA ding went up, I got a message telling me I'd
got three points, and we were done.  The SK ran off immediately,
disbanded too.  Necro moved away and aggroed two mobs, sicced his
pet on them and managed eventually to get them off him.  I found
him and threw my pet in, DS'ed pet.  He and the shaman both
gated, I stuck around and killed the two mobs, then gated out
myself.

The SK MLed, and kept everything, which consisted of some sub FS
weaponry and a few words, nothing noticable at all... unless
perhaps he disbanded before looting the boss mob and kept
something nice.  At any rate, no more grouping with him.  Other
than that, the experience wasn't too bad at all, throw together a
pickup group and go on a fairly normal dungeon crawl with no
worries about repops, and a reward for finishing in a time
limit.  It also gave a nice feeling of accomplishment thats often
missing from non raid level EQ; we had a goal, we went and did
it, and it was over, closure.

The exp was pretty decent too, but put that up against the time
it took to get formed up and get to the dungeon itself, and the
fact that the adventure was done an hour later; I doubt you could
do two in less than three hours unless you manage to get a solid
group together and go on more than one mission; that seems like
an ideal plan actually, you'd rack up the exp pretty handily if
you didn't have to waste time forming up.

As rewards go, three points and no cash doesn't really amount to
much... but then we were ripped off.  The three points mean it
wasn't possible to rip us off completely, at least.

Oh, and as an aside, yet another shaman with no clue what canni
is all about, plus this one was as scared of getting aggro as any
wizard; my shaman functioned as main tank half the time even in
groups up thru 51, and she was in serious twink gear up to and
including a white rope bridle, nothing like the few Kpp of HP
gear my shaman was twinked with.

Splendid One, 35 Gnomage, Firiona Vie



