From 8513353391406235179
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d01cb4c3923c51d4
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-29 09:36:04 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!netnews.com!xfer02.netnews.com!newsfeed2.earthlink.net!newsfeed.earthlink.net!news.mindspring.net!not-for-mail
From: "Davian" <davian@mindspringNOSPAM.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Playing well with others
Date: Sat, 29 Dec 2001 12:36:02 -0500
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Lines: 108
Message-ID: <a0kv3m$v0t$1@slb4.atl.mindspring.net>
References: <J85X7.7406$cH.1019946037@newssvr17.news.prodigy.com>
Reply-To: "Davian" <davian@mindspringNOSPAM.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 3f.d4.91.24
X-Server-Date: 29 Dec 2001 17:39:02 GMT
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:151794


"Mike Szewczyk" <szewczykm@hcgi.com> wrote in message
news:J85X7.7406$cH.1019946037@newssvr17.news.prodigy.com...
> Last night I was in this great group fighting dervs in Ro.  We were doing
really well.  By the end I had leveled twice and only a
> couple people died.  (Once was my fault, I couldn't target them quick enough
to lay hands and save them.)
>
> I should add that I'm a level 11 Paladin.  I had been tanking but when I
started I was level 9 and I wasn't the primary tank.  I
> almost never took any damage.  I taunted like crazy but never successfully.
>

Question.  Did you ever train taunt at your trainer?   Taunt is alone in the
skills in EQ since you can begin with it at level one, yet still not see
success or skill raise from using it until it has been trained.   All the
others that you start with will go up on thier own eventually.


> At one point some people left and there were fewer of us and I wast the
primary tank for a little while.  I ran in on a caster and
> he started doing damage to me at 35 points a pop.  There were others and no
one was fighting this caster but me.  I was getting
> killed.
>

Crowd control is a wonderful thing, although at low levels it can be extremely
hard.   Basicly you need to tie up any mob that you are not fighting while the
entire group focuses on taking down one at a time.   The best way to do it is
to have an enchanter mezmerize the extras.  Without an enchanter in the group,
root parking is your friend.    One of the casting classes with root (several
have it by 10) roots the extras outside of the combat area, while the group
kills the free one.  (although the low level root isn't all that reliable)


> I layed hands on myself and kept fighting thinking others would jump in soon
enough to kill this guy.  I had one bubble of HP left
> and I panicked.  I started running away, trying to get away from him.  I got
healed a couple times then ran back in again.
>
> I got smacked twice and started running agin, but this time he followed me.
I couldn't shake him and I was running circles around
> my group.  Finally he was killed.  I was down to nothing.  I used a lay on
hands.  I was running for my life!
>
> Someone said - A few tips - yell for help.  Also, stand still long enought
for us to heal you or to get a chance to taunt him away
> from you.
>
> I really didn't feel I had time for that.  I thought that if he got in
another couple shots I was dead.  If I stood still long
> enough for me to inform them and for them to get in there, try to heal me,
taunt him away, etc... I'd be dead.
>

This was your first mistake.   As hard as it is, you have to stand there and
take the hits rather than running around in circles doing the "cowardly wizard
dance"

The best way to taunt something off of someone is to hit it.   If I am
attempting to hit a mob that someone is leading in a circle around the group,
my screen looks mostly like this.

You cannot see your target from here!
You cannot see your target from here!
You are not close enough to hit your target, get closer!
You are not close enough to taunt your target, get closer!
You slash a Vampyre Bat for 10 points of damage!
You kick a Vampyre Bat but miss!
You are not close enough to hit your target, get closer!
A_dumbass_wizard01 tells the group, "Taunt plz!"
You are not close enough to hit your target, get closer!
You cannot see your target from here!
You cannot taunt your target from here!

Etc.


Also you run a huge chance of running out of range of healing spells, *and*
you're not really avoiding all that much damage.   The mob is still hitting
you on most of it's swings since it runs faster than you.


It's all about trust.   You have to trust that the enchanter is on the lookout
for adds to mez, you have to trust that the warrior is smacking it as often as
he can pounding the taunt button,  you have to trust that if you stand there,
the druid / shaman / cleric will heal you.   If they are unable to do so
without a reason (like they were out of mana) or if they don't have a good
reason (like they were out of mana because they were nuking instead of
healing)  then it's time to find a better group.

> How should I handle being the tank and down to my last bubble and a half.
That's usually when I get worried.  Or is it Everquest
> etiquite that tanks die more often?  I liked playing in the group and I
don't want to get a bad rap as a bad group player cause I
> haul ass when I think I'm going to die.
>
> How do I play well with others?
>


If the decision is made to run from battle, then by all means make for the
zone line.  But be sure everyone knows it so they can all get out of dodge as
well.






