From 3861561396678584547
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c074f4bbfbeb12aa
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-25 11:53:58 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed-west.nntpserver.com!hub1.meganetnews.com!nntpserver.com!telocity-west!TELOCITY!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: PoP expansion and Wizzies
Date: Wed, 25 Sep 2002 18:53:56 -0000
Organization: Institute of Lawsonomy, Department of Suction and Pressure
Message-ID: <slrnap41i3.fjp.reply_in_group@tzs.net>
References: <amshli$1svk$1@news.dataguard.no> <xblk9.284319$AR1.12042988@bin2.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com>
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.7.4 (Linux)
Cache-Post-Path: tzs.net!unknown@tzs.net
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.3.3 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 60
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:233482

In article <xblk9.284319$AR1.12042988@bin2.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com>, Dan
Harmon wrote:
> Either that or they're already damned tired of one group of wizards
> Manaburning dragons to death and they don't want to see even FEWER people
> killing dragons.

Verant has done some dumb things in the past, when it comes to introducing
something that is way overpowering.  Three examples that come to mind:

1. Manastone.  Manastone + Complete Heal was equivalent to something like
Flowing Thought 100, which is pretty obviously a bad idea.

2. The Cleric BP that had a 30 second mana-free Complete Heal right-click
effect.  It meant that any mob that would take more than 30 seconds to kill
a Warrior from complete health, and that could not outregen/head a Warrior's
damage output, could be easily taken by a Warrior/Cleric duo.

3. The original Moss Covered Twig.  It had a very low damage, and a very low
delay.  The *ratio* was not unreasonable, but because there is a minimum
damage a player will do on a hit, that made it so the damage output was
insane.  Aside from the balance issues, it was just wrong from a role play
perspective.  "Hey, we need a lot of damage fast!"  "Send the guy with the
big flaming sword!"  "No, wait!  I've got a twig here, covered with moss!
I'll go!".  That would be great if this were Monty Python's Everquest rather
than Sony's Everquest.

Still, you can sort of understand these mistakes.  For #1, they just didn't
think about how mana-efficient CH is, so it worked a lot better with the
Manastone than the regular heals they had been thinking of.

For #2, they just didn't realize how good Warriors had become had tanking,
and so didn't realize that 30 seconds was too fast for the casting time.

For #3, someone just forgot about minimum damage.

Now, consider Manaburn.  It's not like the two CH incidents, where it is
overpowering in combination with something else, that they might have
overlooked.  It's not like the MCT, where they overlooked some factor that
would boost the damage output.  Manaburn is not the kind of ability that has
two different ways to use it--the one Verant intended and tuned in-house and
on test, and the one players discovered after it went live.  There is
exactly one way to use Manaburn--target mob, and burn.  I just can't believe
that they didn't know exactly what the consequences were (any Kunark mob can
be killed every few hours by a group of Manaburn Wizards).

Still, Manaburn is pretty powerful.  Perhaps they should discourage it a
bit.  Here's an idea--introduce a line of AA abilities for Wizards that
greatly increase mana regen, with the max being basically a self-KEI, with
the mana regen, stat boost, and mana pool boost.  *However*, if you spend
any AA points toward this line of abilities, you cannot take Manaburn (and
vice versa).  So, a Wizard must choose--do they go for Manaburn, which lets
then join groups of other Wizards to take down boss mobs, or do they go for
mana regen, which denies them Manaburn, but lets them contribute a lot more
on the fights leading up to the boss mobs?

Actually, I'd like to see them do something like this for other classes,
too--mutually exclusive paths of AA advancement, so not everyone ends up
being the same at high level.

--Tim Smith


