From -3294997250620154220
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,6de90f08a7ca9e4a,start
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6de90f08a7ca9e4a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid100ff8,gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,alt.games.everquest
Subject: OT: CoH: Hypno and Breathy face the Freakshow
Date: Wed, 26 May 2004 17:54:50 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10baf044hlrho7d@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 293
Xref: controlnews3.google.com comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:4562 alt.games.everquest:3782

Inspired by the always-entertaining stories of Richard Lawson detailing the
adventures of Monual Lifegiver, his EverQuest cleric, I thought it would be
fun to share an account of my own on the adventures of "The Daring
Hypnotist", my main Super Hero in City of Heroes. I'm posting this in both
the alt.games.everquest and comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg groups because this
still is where most of my Usenet friends playing the game post and my ISP
has not yet picked up the new alt.games.coh newsgroup so I don't have yet
access to that channel. Once I do, I'll restrict these kinds of posts to
that newsgroup.

Hypno is currently a level 21 Controller of Magic origin, with primary
powers in the Illusion set and secondary powers as a Storm Summoner.
Controllers in general are good at managing crowds of mobs and most get
powerful Area of Effect abilities that render groups of mobs inactive,
allowing their groups to manage big battles with more precision and, well,
control. Illusion Controllers are somewhat different in that they dish out
much greater damage than other Controllers, but it's "illusory" damage that
fades in time (the wounds actually disappear in a few seconds) requiring
fast kills to take advantage of all that damage. I didn't view this as much
of a downside since most battles go pretty fast, so I was happy to make this
tradeoff. However, they also get fewer AoE powers than some other Hero
types, so I decided to pick up a secondary power set that offered good crowd
control to make up for this shortcoming. Storm Summoning has some of the
best crowd control abilities, so I found it a very attractive complement.

Last night I was making my way through my contact list looking for anyone
who might need my help. I had recently been introduced to a new contact in
one of the more dangerous neighborhoods and had been trying to help him out
with some challenging tasks. One mission had been gnawing at me for a couple
of days. The objective was to eliminate some thugs known as "Freakshows", a
gang of contemporary thugs with a real cyberpunk flavor. Also, we were
required to locate and eliminate four "weapons caches", which the Freakshow
were maintaining somewhere within the mission location. So far, my
encounters with these guys had shown them to be TOUGH. I had attempted the
mission twice with guildmates from my Supergroup, and on both occasions we
either totally wiped or lost several members trying and had given up right
at the start, so I was eager to find a new approach.

CoH is good at scaling encounters to try and match the level of difficulty
that can be handled by a given group. If you start a mission all by
yourself, you'll usually face just a few enemies of your approximate level
and, depending on your class, you'll probably be able to solo it. But add a
few more people to your group and the mission will scale up with many more
mobs at potentially higher levels, providing a much bigger challenge. The
game is smart enough to spawn only what's necessary, so the mobs don't
actually exist until someone is around to see them, and at that time the
spawn occurs based on the current group size and level. So you can't "trick"
the game by starting a mission with one person, entering the dungeon and
then inviting a bunch of others to handle a low spawn. If a full group of 8
enters a room for the first time, the mobs spawned will reflect an 8-person
group.

So instead of bringing back a full group of 8 from my Supergroup, I decided
to try and duo the mission with just me and my wife, who plays "The Ultimate
Breath of Life", a Level 21 Defender with powers in the Empathy and
Radiation Blast sets. Empathy powers are the ultimate support powers,
offering the best heals and some of the best buffs in the game. If you're an
EverQuest player, you can think of them as Clerics with a wicked VoQ. Their
Recovery Aura (RA) power is one of the most powerful buffs in the game
because while it's active it essentially keeps everyone in the group at full
Endurance no matter how hard they're fighting, but for only 90 seconds.
Unenhanced, the power takes about 8 minutes to recharge and whenever you
hear an Empathy healer make the happy comment that "RA is up", you know
you're going to have some fun. Breathy's secondary powerset allows her some
decent damage capability, but her primary role is to keep her group alive
and maximally buffed. She's supplemented her abilities with a couple of
excellent powers from the Leadership pool, including Assault (providing a
12.5% boost to the damage output) and Tactics, a huge buff that increase the
group's Accuracy by 12.5%, minimizing misses and essentially creating more
damage via better to-hits. The great thing about these two buffs is that
they apply to everyone in the group, including Breathy, so the bigger the
group, the bigger the bonus to DPS. I figured that a 2-person spawn with our
combined abilities would make this mission very do-able, so we set out to
get it done.

The mission took place in one of the Hi-tech maps that starts showing up
around level 17-18. The first time players see this map it's a real "WOW"
event because it's an abrupt (and welcome) change from the usual abandoned
warehouses or office complex layouts seen from levels 5-15. It's very
futuristic, with muted blue, dimly lit hallways and corrugated walkways that
make you feel like your in Disneyland, walking through the line at the Star
Tours or Space Mountain rides. It's just very cool with ominous pulsating
lights and techno-gear strewn all around with a completely different flavor
that begins to hint at the alien connections alluded to in the game's
backstory.

We entered the mission and started looking for mobs. The first group we came
up against was a group of three level 21's. Nice, only three of them and our
level, should be a cake-walk. And it was. Between my Blind (my "mez",
completely incapacitating the mob) and my Spectral Wounds (my big "illusion"
damage dealer), we were able to selectively take down the three. Melee types
with big swords are dangerous because if a mez misses or wears out and two
little low-hp squishies like us are near, we can get whacked pretty good and
die. But after 21 levels, the two of us have learned pretty well how to
manage most any group of three mobs. I felt very encouraged, and as we
made our way through the various elevations and rooms, we managed to locate
three of the four weapons caches and elimated all of the Freakshows we
encountered. That left one weapons cache and I knew that the head Boss was
probably going to be guarding it.

This map was unlike any other Tech map I'd seen, full of hallways and narrow
passageways with abrupt corners and up and down ramps leading to new areas
that required exploring carefully. CoH has a limited number of map tilesets
for composing dynamic, on-the-fly mission locations (instanced "dungeons",
if you will) and in order to increase the variety of experiences, they
borrow a trick that other games (e.g., Diablo) use to provide variety and
unpredictability. At mission creation time, the map layout is randomly
composed using the basic tileset features (doors, rooms, stairs, etc) so
that you never know quite what to expect. Many maps may look similar at
first, and most of the major constructs are similar, but as you go deeper in
you start to see that there are new twists, turns, and rooms you've not seen
before. So we searched for that last weapons cache and the Boss, knowing
that he might turn up anywhere.

One of the (many) advantages of playing with my wife is that she sits right
next to me and I get to see everything in the game from both my perspective
and hers. At one point after we'd finished a big fight, we were resting up
and I glanced over at her screen and saw her walking around a corner. I had
a full view of the room she was entering and I watched as three mobs
materialized out of nowhere: they literally spawned as she turned the bend.
One moment there was nothing there, the next moment she was surrounded by
three angry Freakshows with swords swinging, one of them a yellow-con
Lieutenant. After all the #%$!&! died down we regained our composure and
took out the Lieutenant and his Minions.

Buoyed by our handling of this surprising ambush, we carried on cautiously
and continued our search for the final weapons cache. We came to a long
hallway that led down into a big open area we hadn't yet mapped. As we
turned the corner to face the open expanse, there stood the Boss and his
Lieutenants, guarding the final weapons cache. I laughed out loud when I
read his name: "Teh PwNxx0rz". At first I was kind of disappointed in the
way that I was when I saw a mob named "Brittany Spears" in Star Wars
Galaxies. But when you consider the backstory of the Freakshow, who are
after all a bunch of tough cyberpunk thugs who chat online (and probably PK
each other) it makes sense. In one respect it's the game's own way of
mocking L33t d00d5p3@krz.

Teh PwNxx0rz conned red to me and his two Lieutenants both conned yellow, so
I knew this was going to be a fight. We waited for all our powers to become
available (especially RA) and began to plan our tactics. I would throw a
Snow Storm at the boss and follow it up with a Freezing Rain to Slow
everyone and cause a little slipping and sliding. Then I'd Flash (aoe mez)
the area, summon a Phantom Army (my pets) to focus on the Boss, and then
start my usual tactic of mezzing the target and throwing Spectral Wounds at
him in an attempt to kill him as soon as possible. We agreed on these
tactics and got lined up for battle.

One thing that complicates the use of mez is that not all mobs have the same
level of resistance. A mez will not land unless it has a higher "magnitude"
than the targeted mob. Regular minions are -1 Mag, and Lieutenants -2 Mag,
and my mezzes do a Mag 3 mez, which works fine on both. However, Bosses are
Mag 3, so a single Mag 3 mez isn't a high enough magnitude to land.
Fortunately, the different powers stack so that if I cast both my single
target mez (Blind) and my aoe mez (Flash), I can achieve a Mag 6 mez and get
a Boss under control.

Breathy cast RA, I launched the Snow Storm and landed my Freezing
Rain, causing all three mobs to Slow and start slipping on the ice. I
planted my Phantom Army on the Boss and watched as these temporary (2
minutes) soldiers unleashed huge amounts of illusory damage on the Boss.
With the Boss engaged, I ran in and Flashed in an attempt to mez the
Lieutenants and set up Mag 3 on the Boss. One Lieutenant put up his hands to
hold his head in the tell-tale sign that he'd been mezzed, but the other was
a big Miss! Ugh, it wouldn't take long for his swinging sword to shred me to
bits and he took a good swipe out of me. Breathy healed and then made the
mistake of moving in a bit closer to join me in battle. I threw my mez at
the Boss and again, a Miss! The Phantom Army had dealt a good amount of
damage, but it was already starting to fade and with one Lieutenant pounding
on me it was all Breathy could do to keep me healed while I sat there
pondering a pissed off Boss with no hope of being Mag 6 mezzed until my
Blind fully recharged. My Phantoms faded, Flash faded, RA faded and the
Freakshows tore us to ribbons. Teh PwNxx0rz pwned me good and took 250-300
hp swipes out of my fragile 432hp frame. We wiped.

Undaunted, we recharged and prepared for another attempt. This time the Boss
was still damaged from the last attack and we knew we'd have the advantage
of taking him on at about 40% of his hp, but we'd have to act quickly. Off
we went! RA, Snow Storm, Phantom Army, Flash, Blind. All mezzes landed this
time and the Lieutenants were locked down along with the Boss, while he was
taking a beating from my Phantom Army and my Spectral Wounds. Tough as
nails, he took the beating for what seemed like an eternity and I watched as
my Flash began winding down and I knew the Phantoms would soon disappear.
Without their major damage output Breathy and I would be on our own against
all three. And a nearly dead Boss hurts just as much as a full healed Boss.

And then Flash faded, and one-by-one, my Phantoms disappeared. It was me and
Breathy vs. three badass badguys.

I decided to try a trick I had first used while hunting with Umbriel
(Richard Lawson's Defender) in an earlier mission. I have this power that's
part of my Storm Summoning set called Hurricane. It's a great storm and if
you've ever fought a Tsoo Sorceror, you've seen it in action. The power
creates a kind of galaxy-shaped flat disc that swirls around my waist,
knocking back any opponent who comes into contact with the edge of the disc.
It also does a very serious Range and Accuracy de-buff on any opponent who
enters the hurricane. With their Range debuffed, anyone entering the
Hurricane is unable to hit the person in the center unless they are right on
them, something that's hard to do with all that force throwing you back.

The Boss was all over me and took another swing: 256 damage. Heal. Mez a
Lieutenant. Flash came up and I locked down the Lieutenants and ran around
with Breathy healing me and the Boss chasing me into a nearby cubby hole. I
maneuvered around until the Boss was standing near a corner. That's when I
launched the Hurricane and stood my ground. As soon as the "edge" of the
storm hit the Boss, he got pushed back and fell right down. Hah! By
"pushing" my disc in the Boss's direction and carefully maneuvering him back
into the corner, I was able to force him into an endless loop of hitting my
Hurricane, being pushed back with nowhere to go, and hitting it again. All
he could do was stand up and fall down. I had no idea if Hurricane would be
effective against him but now I know. Hell yes, it was perfect. He looked
absolutely comical running at me and falling back into the corner and
repeating this over and over again. He would occasionally break through the
resistance and land a nasty hit or two on me, but at this rate Breathy was
able to keep me plenty healthy while we steadily whittled him down. With the
mob locked down like this, we were able to throw a lot of firepower at him
and although it took a while and we actually recharged several of our powers
in the process, eventually the Lieutenants dropped and sure enough, even Teh
PwNxx0rz himself dropped and his corpse lay dead at our feet. PwNxxD!

And then the unthinkable happened. Teh PwNxx0rz, the level 21 Freakshow
Boss, resurrected himself, stood right up and took one big swipe out of me
and laid me to rest before I could register what was happening. Guard down,
unprepared, drunk with celebration, it never occurred to either of us that
any mob could come back to life after being killed. But the bastard sure as
hell did, and I'm sure he was smiling when he did it.

So, exhausted but determined, we regrouped and repeated the whole attack,
this time taking him out TWICE. And he stayed dead. And we looted the final
weapons cache and after all that, we completed the mission. Whew.

My contact was very pleased to learn that the badguys were foiled again in
their attempts by the Super Heroes of Paragon City. I checked my inventory
to find that I had been awarded a Single Origin (SO) enhancement, the first
and only SO that I've ever seen in the game. It was a happy ending to a long
struggle, but all in a day's work for two Super Heroes!

-- 
(The Daring) Hypnotist
"Things are not what they seem".
21st Level Controller (Illusion/Storm)
Citizen of the Protector Server - Paragon City

(The Legendary) Doc Justice
"Justice Heals All!"
20th Level Defender (Empathy/Radiation Blast)
Citizen of the Justice Server - Paragon City

















































