From -597447150381657493
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,795d54179c935c9f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-04-14 07:25:19 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: Stormguide@hotmail.com (Horus)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: A newbie's positive impression of EQ
Date: 14 Apr 2003 07:25:18 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 103
Message-ID: <48a72f2a.0304140625.3746124b@posting.google.com>
References: <cd50bcc1.0304140247.1f425dd8@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 63.149.237.254
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1050330318 24331 127.0.0.1 (14 Apr 2003 14:25:18 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 14 Apr 2003 14:25:18 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:277005

eallison@tiac.net (Earl Allison) wrote in message >
 
> It's been great fun all around, bringing back a joy I hadn't felt
> since trying to understand the rules of Dungeons and Dragons back in
> grade school.  I had a blast running around like a headless chicken,
> trying to kill things, and running back to guards for protection when
> I got in over my head.

First of all - welcome to EQ and hope you enjoy your stay here. In
some ways, I envy you and your newness. Its exciting to explore and
discover Norrath when its brand spanking new.

 
> But the best thing by far has been the other people.  My first (and
> now gone, lost in a glitch) character, a High Elf Paladin, was only
> out of her starting city for a few minutes when a kindly soul GAVE her
> all kinds of ability-enhancing rings, bracers and earrings.  Another
> new character, a Barbarian Warrior, was given a magical breastplate. 
> Most of the new characters I've created (I've got three mains now,
> between level 2 and level 5; a monk, a druid, a mage, and a warrior)
> have been given very nice spell "buffs," all without asking.

The people are what make the game what it is. You will however run
across a few jerks from time to time, but they are the exception and
not the norm.

 
> EQ really is a nice place to adventure in -- so far I'm running around
> solo trying to understand all the possible commands and skills, trying
> to max out the ones that require little money (fishing, sense heading,
> etc.) and fight monsters that won't kill me :)
> 
> I think I like the Druid best, although the Monk has been fun, too. 
> The weight restriction is the only real downside so far.

Druid was my first main, and I enjoyed it immensely, but wish I hadnt
chose a druid at this point for many reasons. They are a great solo
class (one of the best), but thier desirability in the end game is
somewhat limited. Not to say they are useless post level 55, but youll
probably never see any groups begging for a druid to join them.

Its all about what you have fun playing really. If you end up in a
good guild or build a good group of friends, it really doesnt matter
what you play.
 
 
> I only hope that I can be as kind and generous as you all have been
> when I am able.

A very refreshing attitude. I cant tell you how important it is to
keep that approach to the game. There are those that beg and try to
use people. It gets tiresome to watch people beg incessantly and take
advantage of people's good will. I almost fell out of my chair this
weekend when I saw someone on a lizard mount (which is costly) hopping
around Plane of Knowledge begging people for money. All it does is
build bad karma for them. These types of people get a bad reputation,
then wonder why no one wants to group with them.
 
> I do have two small questions, though, if you might indulge me.
> 
> Firstly, what should be the first thing(s) to upgrade on a Druid,
> insofar as armor and weapons?  I'm not sure what specifically to get
> after the initial club and tunic that would serve best in the short
> term.

Check around the NPCs at your guild (which ever city your druid
started at). There should be one who will offer to help you make some
decent armor that you can slowly obtain yourself. Nothing is more
rewarding than obtaining items through your own hard work. The newbie
armors are really worth doing and not that difficult. You should be
able to start these quests at around level 5 or so. Since you are just
starting out and will melee alot more now than later, a better weapon
would be in order. Any armor that can increase your armor class is
good. If it has wisdom bonuses, even better. Eventually, youll want to
focus on items that increase your wisdom, this being the primary stat
for druids.
 
> Second, is it worth getting the LoY expansion right away?  I like the
> mapping feature, but don't anticipate using the Frogloks, so should I
> wait?  And is it better to try to find the CD, or to simply download
> it?

The mapping system may dissapoint you. Its difficult to create from
scratch good maps. It doesnt create them for you as you explore like
some other games (it can, but its difficult to do). Its better for
notation, like marking a camp spot or something to this nature. It
does start out with maps of the newbie zones and cities which is a
plus. You can download maps from various sites if you wish, but thats
kind of a "spoiler". Other features of LoY are nice - but not
essential (being able to dye your armor is kind of cool). When you
reach mid 30's or so, you might want to reconsider getting it. At that
point, you will be able to adventure there, and there are some nice
quests to do there.

Does the gold edition come with the Planes of Power expansion? If not,
you might want to consider getting that. Its designed for high levels,
but have some advantages for lower levels, mostly the teleportation
system. I have mixed feelings however recommending PoP for a new
player. The port books make it nice and easy to get around, but you
wont learn the ways of the land.

Hope this helps a little - have fun exploring Norrath and kill an orc
for me!!


