From 735729234784799243
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1bb5f6fee24181e4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-01 21:53:53 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-05!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Ben Haddick" <bhaddick@SPAMISBADhotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Weee!
Date: Sun, 1 Sep 2002 23:51:28 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <un5rfipdkoubb9@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 126
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:227821

I was starting to get a bit burnt out on EQ lately, but fortunately for me I
rediscovered the real fun of the game this weekend.

Friday night I got on and was doing some grunt work just moving stuff
between accounts for myself and a couple friends to get the stuff onto
bazaar mules.  Once I got done with this I took myself (55 druid), a 54 monk
and a 54 warrior to Howling Stones to do a turn in for the monk's Whistling
Fist quest (turn in mob is in the basement right under the trap from North
Wing).  We zone in safely, kill the 2 entry wanderers, I med up, we drop
down, kill stuff pretty easily except for a bile golem add that warped onto
the monk from a FD earlier (stuff in there seems to take a while to reset
after FD /shrug).  After about an hour, we get to the end of the tunnel
(please to be giving druid % heal soon, har!), me and warrior are up on the
ledge near the door (if you've seen the room, you know how it looks), monk
goes down ramp to do hand in, quest guy is scowling, but he's not attacking
me, so it's ok (I thought), monk hands in shackle, quest guy STANDS UP
(hmm...) and runs at me, yay.  I manage to get evac to SF off, but monk got
ported too even though he disbanded before evac (...) but he only had the
handin half done (have to give guy shackle to get book and then talk to him
or something to get a bag), so we have to go back, yay.  We zone in again,
though now there a 60 enc soloing the entry (no big deal), but this time the
monk decides to do the run solo (the path has repopped by this time),
enchanter pulls the east hall wanderer (a hamal skeleton), skelly kills the
chanter's pet (pyre golem) and then the shit hits the fan... "You will not
evade me, Moron_ench_01!"  monk is still in basement...  I keep chanter
alive a bit, but then he gets owned by an Ice Comet... ok...  by now monk is
back on the way out, I tell him to just run to the port up in the basement
and I'll evac, warrior is tanking the skelly but I need to get evac going
soon.  Monk shows up, and I start evac, and here comes 1, 2, 3, adds with
the monk, np, evac half done.

Then we pop up at the zone in to HS, right next to angry skeleton and
friends.

I had Lesser Succor up, not Skyfire Evac.  Damnit.

Monk feigns at 12%, I die, warrior dies.

Fortunately a group was headed into HS while we were running back for
corpses and they rezzed us, so I ported out the monk and warrior (and they
logged off), then headed back in for some solo action (no hamals!).  Couple
hours later the group that rezzed me asked if I wanted to join them in West,
sure, more entertaining than soloing the entry anyways.  I swear the
smallest normal pull we had all night was 3, and without enchanter or bard
too! (2 warriors, monk, cleric, me and mage).  We were running back and
forth between the 2 boss spawns in West trying to get key, eventually we get
it with a minimum of trouble (other than having to camp it for a while) and
go to kill the other boss in West before moving on to South (I win kylong
boots, grats bazaar mule!)

We move on to south, get in a bit, I get voted to pull since no one else can
seem to manage pulling less than 5 in here (*rolls eyes*), I single pull a
skeleton in the hall, then we move down a bit and I go in to grab from the
boss spawn area at the very entrance to south (not the one in the trapped
hall), and all of the sudden I'm dead.  2800 hp gone in 3 seconds from 5
harm touches.  Ow.  Oh well, rez and move on.  We kill boss and some trash,
and move on to the square hall (if you wonder consult a map).  I don't want
to die, so monk goes to pull (YES, #$#^ing MONK DOES THIS).  Inc lots (23 or
so by my count).  We die. Horribly.  Have to drag an SK out to summon our
corpses.  Yay.

Ok, time for bed now, it's 7 am.

Saturday was boring, finished last hellish blue of 55, made 56, and watched
my mage friend's guild, commonly regarded as a 'zerg' guild, kill Koi'doken
with 29 people after a 'non-zerg' guild gets him to 98% with 50 (what the
fuck did they do?  give up when slow didn't stick first try?). Oh and made
4k on bazaar mule, whee.

Here's where the real fun begins though.  Sunday I'm pretty much resigned to
either a boring grind session or play an alt, mage friend is in an AE group
so no help there.  But then! mage's AE group falls apart and he's in same
boat as me, so we head out to good ol' Tower of Frozen Shadows (I have all
keys up to 6, he has keys up to 5) for some slumming.  Get there and theres
a duo on 4 trying to get keys to 5, Tserrina up, Vhalsera not up.  Me and
mage move to 6a to try and spawn Vhalsera (have to kill 'a ice shade' to
spawn him on 6b).  Couple more people zone in, we pick up the duo too, so
our group is 56 druid(me), 58 monk, 59 mage, 54 druid, 55 bard, 51 or 52
necro.  We manage to spawn Vhalsera finally after about an hour (I win an
Abrams Axe of the Stoic in that time, grats bazaar mule again!), pop up,
kill Vhalsera with minimal difficulty (/ru necro skelly nuke), I get key to
7 and his talisman rots.  We move in farther, kill more AnnoyBats(tm)
(green bats that proc a stamina drain, and spawn a necro vampire from
corpse), and discover something new, a 'Shadow Beast Necromancer', drops a
'section of a draconic tome', no one knows what for, so I loot (turns out
it's the 3rd piece when identified, first piece from a frost giant in GD,
second from a chest in CS, still no idea on use though), we move up to 7
(neat place btw), kill stuff, kill more stuff, pull Tserrina (neat mob model
http://eqbeastiary.allakhazam.com/search.shtml?id=5604) and kill with no
real issues other than that I couldn't land Ro's Smouldering Disjunction
even after Sundering.  She drops key, symbol, mage gem and a junk sword.
Key is the hot loot though, lol, I get jacked on the first one because I
accidentally loot symbol that I really don't want while trying to check
stats on it (3 ac 5 cha/wis/int 40 mana clr/dru/shm/nec/wiz/mag/enc neck)
=o.   Other druid wins key, mage gem rots (it really is crappy and the damn
thing drops every kill).  Monk and other druid drop down via master mirrors
to kill Cara Omica who's now up on 4 and get key to 5 (the whole reason they
were in zone at all was for a Diamond Wedding Band), rest of us stay up on 7
camping the Tserrina hall for more master keys, we stay grouped for CoH on
monk and druid if Tserrina spawns.  They get ring while we're still watching
for Tserrina, druid moves up to 6a to try and spawn Vhalsera again so he can
get a key, and we CoH monk up to us.

Then, right as we're about to port out, another set of bats in Tserrina's
hall starts to spawn, so we stay and kill them (she can spawn off the bats
like vampires on 6b, if she doesn't spawn a vamp spawns just like on 6b),
second bat (or 3rd, we pulled right as the room we were in had one spawn),
Tserrina! KEEL!  Key, symbol, mage gem, I get key with a 300ish roll out of
1000 over mage with 230ish, necro loots symbol so it doesn't rot.  Then,
we're about to port again, and one last bat spawns, and it's lucky, a 3rd
Tserrina, this one is slightly annoying though and charms the monk, YES,
SHE'S A NECRO THAT CHARMS, WHEE!!!  Mage gets key and other druid gets a
symbol he doesn't really want and another mage gem rots while we port out to
Nexus.

The summary?

Sitting in one place on your ass in an Exp Zone(tm) while someone (else)
runs around looking for stuff to bring back to you to kill = boring!

Going to new places and crawling through dungeons = fun!
Oh, and ToFS is damn fun, even if it is mostly light blue/green.  Didn't
stop me from making a yellow of aa in about 4 hours though.





