From -384357150827050573
X-Google-Thread: 101711,98835518b987c8bd
X-Google-Thread: fb739,98835518b987c8bd
X-Google-Attributes: gid101711,gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.comcast.com!news.comcast.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 21 Dec 2004 22:34:30 -0600
Date: Tue, 21 Dec 2004 23:34:32 -0500
From: Michael <NOSPAM_Lin_mukai@comcast.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla Thunderbird 1.0 (Windows/20041206)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.warcraft,alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: WoW vs. EQ2
References: <Xns95C5E80AB74042galopagosterrapincy@199.45.49.11> <JLqdncQcd-zef1rcRVn-ig@comcast.com> <MPG.1c321ec06b2afdcc989949@shawnews>
In-Reply-To: <MPG.1c321ec06b2afdcc989949@shawnews>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-15; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <7sidnTK52NDLZFXcRVn-qg@comcast.com>
Lines: 153
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.96.95.162
X-Trace: sv3-Z9YSdRvG/FMZN6MTO61IiZ1+iuaaklvaFkjFivhw0x1iKJqW/YF6r5skcaRZZld2tyT7NaPw2VfdNXq!UgJWtKOXVmNvXC5HEaAnvNpvfpi3szRwtjerbvuhdDnag6KEvLwtLEeYDZWb
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.warcraft:3198 alt.games.everquest:27630

42 wrote:
> In article <JLqdncQcd-zef1rcRVn-ig@comcast.com>, 
> NOSPAM_Lin_mukai@comcast.net says...
>  
> 
>>In EQ I think I liked the 50's the least of any level range although at 
>>mid 50's I found that I could handle tier one Planes and my first 
>>experiences there were fun. But in the end at those levels people just 
>>camp near the zone entrances and single pull mobs and it gets old fast. 
> 
> 
> There were Torigans Mines, Dulak Caves, Old Sebilis, Howling Stones, 
> Chardok, Nurga, SolB Giants, The Grey, Greigs End, Kedge Keep, Karnor's 
> Castle, Acrylia Caverns, The Hole, Natimbi.. and I haven't even 
> mentioned a Velious zone yet...and there are half a dozen there... the 
> list of good zones at 50-60 is huge...
> 
> Complaining about the 50s because you sat at the entrance to PoP is 
> ridiculous. Its like spending your 40s at the entrance to Karnor's 
> castle, the 30s at the entrance to City of Mist, etc...
> 
> You can spend all your time in the game playing at the entrance to a 
> zone higher level than you... or you can play the whole game deep in 
> level appropriate zones doing challenging and interesting things.
> 
> It sounds like you really missed out on the 50s.
> 
> 
>>But I am finding the 60's to be much more fun again with lots of cool 
>>places to go and more interesting and challenging fights to be had.
> 
> 
> There was much to do in the 50s too... but it looks like you got hung up 
> on getting to the 60s instead of enjoying what there was that you could 
> do in the 50s.

Maybe you are right about that. This was my first and main character I 
was speaking of. My new alts I will be playing soon are all babies and I 
will have learned from the experiences of my first character.

I did get keyed for Old Sebilis and Howling Stones but I couldn't get 
people to go in either of the guilds I've been in. Actually, we did do 
Old Sebilis once and I thought it was a blast. When I bring up my 
Enchanter, there is place I'd love to play him. There were tons of mobs 
there and it was aggro city. We had a blast and we didn't wipe but it 
was intense. Maybe there was some stuff like that I missed.

I did go through Torigans Mines all night one time hunting for a drop a 
Beastlord friend was after for a spell. That was fun. And I did go a 
couple of times into the Dulak caves but didn't spend too much time in 
there as groups I was in fell apart and never got back to it.

I spent some nights on the ships in Dulak too and had a good time there. 
I liked that zone.

I did see Chardok several times, once for my own epic and other times 
for other people's, not just clerics.

I did plenty of time at GE and it was fun, but I hated the trains to 
zone. The first times I went there my groups kept wiping just trying to 
make our way into the zone with all the trains there. But eventually I 
got to spend time inside and it was fun for a time.

I did the Solb Giants and raided Naggy successfully. That was very cool.

I did spend some time in Velious including doing the Coldain Ring War 
event one night with a large group of people.

I don't think I did go to Kedge Keep or Karnor's Castle. I also didn't 
see Acrylia Caverns or The Grey.

I have been to the Hole twice for people doing epics and it was fun to see.

And I have spent more time than I want to admit to in Natimbi soloing in 
pursuit of the elusive Talisman of the Spiritseer. Talk about a rare 
drop! I've killed hundreds of mobs there I think and have not seen one 
since the first time I went and it dropped in an hour but I rolled a 
16... /cry

I guess now that I think about it, I had a lot of fun in the 50's too. 
Maybe it was just the last few levels when I was guilty of grinding in 
PoV, PoN, PoI, etc. in pursuit of 60 and then eager to get to 62 for 
Virtue that I burned out a little.

I do plan to make a point of looking for zones I've not seen before when 
I am playing my alts, which include a warrior, beastlord, druid and 
enchanter. And I hope that at 65 I haven't outgrown Howling Stones. I 
really wanted to go there and see the place. Although if I have, I 
certainly have plenty more chances with my other toons.

I didn't mean to imply that I spent all of my 50's camped at the 
entrance to a few Planes zones but maybe it sounded that way. I actually 
saw and did a lot and it was fun. Your post brings to light though that 
the least fun was at the some of the Planes zone entrances single 
pulling or camping a PoV wall for hours and that's what I was 
remembering as not being such a great time. There are times when I've 
fallen into the trap of grinding because I really wanted that next great 
set of spells or to be able to go to a certain place. But for the most 
part I've tried to see a lot and enjoy the ride. It's quite an 
experience going from level 1 to 65 with your first character and you 
certainly learn a lot along the way.

I'm glad EQ lets you have up to eight characters on a server as I really 
want to experience a lot of the other classes too. I like my cleric a 
lot but just playing my Druid to 11 I couldn't get over how different 
the game seemed to me with a completely new set of skills and abilities 
to work with. Soloing in CB with him is such a blast. I get such a kick 
out of little things like moving in on several orcs, casting harmony on 
them, nuking one to pull him and then fighting him, etc. Healing myself 
after and then going for the next one. I'm looking forward to learning 
to kite with him and later to quad kite. That must be great.

Having solo'd my cleric and maxed his offense, defense and 1hb I learned 
I like melee, as much as he can anyway. Today in Gloomingdeep I killed 
two Kobold Warriors with my new Ogre Warrior and when I was done I still 
had something like 75% health. Wow! He's only level 3 but you know, he's 
fun already. Crowd control with my chanter is something else I look 
forward to. That must be exciting at times when the situation gets crazy 
with adds. And being a Vah Shir Beastlord (yeah, I know, too many VS 
Beasties out there but I like them and their warders) who can solo and 
has that awesome warder is going to be a blast too.

EQ is so much fun I think. I know there are newer games that also have a 
lot to offer but that doesn't diminish for me the fact the EverQuest is 
an excellent game and one that I find to be the most fun I have ever had 
with my PC. And as I mentioned elsewhere in some other post, I've been 
playing PC games since I was running Flight Simulator on a PC-XT with a 
hercules graphics adapter and a monochrome monitor that I think was 12".

With this history of gaming I am really awestruck at the world of 
Norrath and all there is to do and see in it. I hope to be playing for a 
long time and I'm glad I picked Stromm server because it seems to be 
doing very well even with the new releases that are out.

I wonder what Morden Rasp is like and how things are going there. I was 
thinking of rolling maybe a Shammy or Necro there just to check it out 
and try those classes as well. I also have long wanted to try out 
playing on FV and think I'd go with a High Elf or perhaps a Gnome Mage 
there.

Sorry, I guess I wandered well off topic there but talking about this 
brings to mind how much I love this game and I wouldn't want to give the 
impression that I don't over grinding a few levels in the 50's. In a 
year of playing EQ it is easy to see why it was number one for as long 
as it was.


-- 
Get Thunderbird - Reclaim Your Inbox
http://www.mozilla.org/products/thunderbird/

Get Firefox! - The Browser You Can Trust
http://www.mozilla.org/products/firefox/


