From -6191857739519505010
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a8615efd952b72bb
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 30 Oct 2004 14:51:12 -0500
Date: Sat, 30 Oct 2004 15:51:11 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Why do you play?
References: <2sQgd.1222$BC7.253@newssvr16.news.prodigy.com>
In-Reply-To: <2sQgd.1222$BC7.253@newssvr16.news.prodigy.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <wL2dneCAl4wsbR7cRVn-3w@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 157
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.216.167.242
X-Trace: sv3-W1J6VgMCs7DHHS7pNhVTO3dzyxc5WCHP8j7PMAN1qZt0Ud4PH1Ra8C8aPWigQznZcs79V1AVyNIzmn6!0IABTvYSXKJTtTIsKgLfE0LJFZ6gpRhY164NO1Zreog0jmZad8kekDj8vZIGaTZRBXKuawnqUnYs
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.20
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:21441



Eric J. Hawman wrote:

> "Because it's fun!"
> 
>   Most of what you do is fight the same mobs, in  the same places, over and
> over again. You find this fun?
> 
>   "No, that's grinding."
> 
>   Grinding is not fun?
> 
>   "Not usually."
> 
>   Then why do you do it?
> 
>   "To make money. Get levels. Get stronger. Make mobs easier. It's an
> investment."
> 
>   So you play a game to have fun, but it isn't fun until you have invested
> hundreds
> of irrecoverable hours of your life into it.
> 
>   "Well, yeah."
> 
>   And what do you do with your hard-won money and experience?
> 
>   "Gear up and take on harder mobs."
> 
>   Fighting hard mobs is fun?
> 
>   "Yeah!"
> 
>   So you spend most of your time doing something that will make the game
> less fun.
> 
>   "No, make it *more* fun. It's easier to beat the mobs when you're
> tougher."
> 
>   So which do you want to fight? Tough mobs or easy ones?
> 
>   "We want to make the tough ones easy."
> 
>   So the mobs you can xp against are too tough to start with? Can't you just
> ask
> SOE to make them easier?
> 
>   "Dude, you must be joking."
> 
>   Okay, forget I said anything...
> 

When I play an RPG, I admit that I like to level up, to become more 
powerful, to watch my character grow by my efforts.

It isn't that the game isn't fun at level X, though, rather, its that 
while there are fun things to do at my power level, one of the fun 
things is to increase my power level.

Further, at any given power level, things are fun at first, then 
gradually become less enjoyable, without increasing my power level I'm 
stuck, stagnant... and having less fun.

Why do you walk down a road, instead of standing in one place?  Because 
movement and change is more interesting than standing still.

Increasing your power level (by level, by gear, by player experience, 
any combination of the above) so that you can defeat something that 
previously you couldn't is in itself a reward.  Defeating that thing 
again and again once its become easy isn't so thrilling...

BUT if doing so gradually increases your power level, so that eventually 
you can get the same "now I can beat X, who always defeated me before" 
thrill again later, then it may be worth doing.

Its called Delayed Gratification.

I know, its hard for anyone born in the past couple decades to 
understand this idea, but sometimes a reward that you've had to earn is 
more satisfying than a reward you get instantly.

Its easy to kill green mobs, who pose no threat at all.  From time to 
time, that may even be amusing.  But in the long run, it palls.

Defeating a red mob who takes every ounce of skill and luck you can lay 
your hands on is better... but in the end, if thats all there is, then 
you won't play that game all that much longer than the one where 
everything was green.

But a game where some mobs are so red you can't defeat them at all, 
untill you've "worked" your way up in power, then finally being able to 
beat them?  You -earned- that, and its very satisfying.

For a while, then you can put that formerly "undefeatable" mob firmly in 
the "hard but doable" category, then the "been there done that" category.

If there's always an "unbeatable" mob out there a bit past you, and a 
way to grow till you can reach him with effort, then you're in the best 
possible situation for keeping my interest alive.

------------------------------------------------------------
So why am I more than likely quitting EQ?  Its because there's a degree 
of effort I'm not willing to go to; I hit a wall at around 65 with 
several characters, where the only advancement was coming from going on 
enormous raids which were inherantly more tedious than I was willing to 
put up with for incrementally small improvements.

For a while, I was content starting over with fresh characters, going up 
thru the levels again incremental improvement by incremental improvement.

Some character classes, though, hit the "wall" earlier than others.  My 
bard was literally too painful to play, with the constant clicking to 
keep 5 songs and 3 instrument/weapon changes afloat while running in 
circles, my wrists told me it was time to quit.  My warrior and 
enchanter both topped out around 30 when it became too tedious to solo 
with them (due to time constraints I need to be -able- to solo and have 
fun doing it...)

My most recent foray, a berserker, hit an even worse wall; his utility 
in a group was getting lower and lower; yes, he could become more 
powerful in that killing things he could already kill would become 
easier, but against the mobs he was looking at facing in the future, his 
usefulness was low and not going to get much better.  The class is built 
around two things, stunning, and DPS, but mobs over 55 are almost 
entirely stun immune, and his DPS from Frenzy (which is what puts the 
class's DPS above that of Knights and Warriors) wasn't scaling based on 
gear or level, unlike that of other DPS classes.

At this point, I'm not interested in logging back in to the berserker, 
nor to the other "discarded" characters (I could play them at least up 
to 70... but I've already divorced myself from interest in them, plus 
I'd be almost in the position of an EBayed character, having to learn 
the class over again at 65, and with pretty poor gear (from 3+ 
expansions ago))

And I've reached the point where I've played most classes to one degree 
or another, played all four archetypes... and I don't see new content 
for a new character to explore anyway; I'd be doing much the same things 
I've already done, with a character who's pretty much similar to what 
I've already tried.

I thought for a bit that I'd switch back to my bard, when they were 
trying a new "melody" thing on Test which might allow me to play the 
class without hurting myself, but that was a couple patches ago, and 
nothing has materialized.  By now, I'm not sure I'd go for it even if 
the melody showed up tomorrow morning.

Maintaining interest in -any- game is a delicate enough matter, there 
has to be a carrot dangled in front of you, and there has to be variety 
and a sense of accomplishment, AND fun, all more or less at once.  You 
can sublimate one for the other for a while, but its always a 
possibility that the bad is going to outweigh the good.

EQ kept my interest for most of 5 years, thats not bad at all.

Grage


