From -2661556658473666503
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b099085869765d2f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-17 20:46:00 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!supernews.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Cleric dreaming of ToV gear
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <r19f4u4dve4aamr7thdb3jaqm6skk5ln1g@4ax.com>
References: <u4ef9v2c8fbi86@corp.supernews.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 155
Date: Fri, 18 Jan 2002 04:46:00 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1011329160 24.3.225.40 (Thu, 17 Jan 2002 20:46:00 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 17 Jan 2002 20:46:00 PST
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:157986

On Thu, 17 Jan 2002 15:08:00 -0600, "Scott T. Jensen" <stj@home.com>
wrote:

>Just made 53rd level as a cleric.  Currently leveling in Velks.  Did Hate
>and Fear raids.  Was aiming to get Hate cleric-only armor.  However, in
>talking to higher-level clerics when I was 49th level, they said to not
>bother with Plane of Hate or especially the bad-faction-getting Plane of
>Growth.  They recommended I simply focus on leveling until I'm at least 53rd
>level and then get into ToV raids.  

Nah, get any fun armor you can now. If a guild wants to invite you to
a hate raid or a plane of growth raid (ESPECIALLY) with the prospect
of getting loot (specially if their own clerics already have better
than hate armor) GO, by all means GO.


>I then posted to the ezboards and got
>conflicting advice there.  FINALLY my "new" cable modem provider (what took
>over after the collapse of @Home) has added this newsgroup (after I pestered
>them five times over months!) so now I can ask you all here what you think.
>Having said all that...
>
>What level should a cleric be to do ToV?  Some say 51.  Some say 53.  Some
>say 55.  Some even say 57.  All have said that cleric can be the lowest
>member in a raid.  As one put it "all you do is heal and buff".  What's your
>level recommendation for clerics for ToV?  Please give rational for your
>recommendation.

Any level a guild wants to take you to ToV with them. However its
pretty unlikely they will NEED you at level 53 and if they don't need
you someone else will probably get the plate drops they do NEED.
Your best bet as a guest is POG or hate.

>What about resist gear?  Some say I should have at least 100 in all my
>resists.  Some say I should have 100 in at least Magic, Fire, and Cold.
>Some say my level is really the deciding factor.  

Its a combo. A 60th level person in tov can kind of forget about
resists and will do more than fine with just druid circle spells since
they will resist a lot anyway. As a 55 druid I still get about 100
plus in fire and cold anyway before buffing. Most of the time though,
in tov, you can hide around a corner sort of and still heal while not
getting hit by the AOE. Thats what I always do and I virtually never
get hit so the resists are kind of moot.


>Some say that mages can
>give summoned resist items thus don't worry about it and just make sure
>there's a mage in the raid and ask them for the stuff (one of them being a
>shoulder item).  

yeah the shoulder thing is 15 MR FR and CR, so yeah if a mage can
summon it its nice.


>Currently all my resists are in the mid-thirties unbuffed.
>I have all the resist spells so I can pump them up a bit myself.

Don't worry, one of the many druids on the raid will circle buff
resist your entire group with cold and fire res. You may want higher
resist than 30 though, get a couple plat diamond resist rings which
are 7 all resist, not that super expensive. Bd earrings are pretty
cheap also. Finally that gold something jewelry diamond face piece
which is 10 fr and 10 cr is nice for tov (forget name) All of those
can be made by a jeweler and coupled with the shoulder thing a mage
can summon would give you a huge resist boost.


>How do I get into ToV raids?  Some say to just show up in two locations.  I
>wrote down the information on these two location and which part of ToV
>they're for, but have since lost that piece of paper.  Does anyone know
>these pick-up locations and for which part of ToV they're for?  Some say
>that the only ones that can do ToV are the uber guilds that raid it.  Some
>say there's only six guilds that do ToV and those are Pia, Vae, Primo,
>Talisman, Tide, and Star.  

I don't know about your server but unless its whacky they don't just
pick up people hanging around in one of two locations and even if they
did you'd have like zero chance of them letting you loot armor.


>Currently I'm not in a guild, but am planning on
>joining Shadows Bane (on Tunare server).  However, Shadows Bane is just a
>role-playing guild and doesn't do raids.  Some say that I'm a cleric and
>thus I shouldn't have any problem getting into a ToV raid.  Some say that
>unless I'm part of an uber guild, I'm flat out of luck in getting into a ToV
>raid.

I'd say the later. You don't sound like you want to join a "role
playing" guild anyway. FYI, virutally every guild is basically a "role
playing guild" unless they talk about their playstations the whole
time you play with them or use dewd talk. Myself, I always try to at
least make only in game world references.


>People talk about building up faction for ToV.  They tell me to hunt giants
>in Kael.  I've already done one raid there.  Others tell me that different
>parts of ToV require different faction and that different gear drops in
>these different parts.  Which gear is the best for clerics (Halfling if that
>matters) in ToV, where does it drop, and what faction is needed for it?
>
>In Velks, gems drop and people talking about needing them for SS and Kael
>armor.  Do the ToV gear need gems too?  I haven't found anything that says
>that ToV gear requires gems.  

Yes. Tov requires good dragon faction (killing giants in kael) for the
skyshrine quests or good giant faction (killing stuff in skyshrine and
in icewell possibly, dwarves and dragon stuff in general) for the kael
quests. Both require allied with either claws of veeshan or the kael
factions. Both would be nearly impossible to do unless you were in a
guild who raided tov since the guild will do the support stuff to also
get the faction. 

For example, I'm in a guild which does the skyshrine armor drops. We
also kill west waste dragons and any velious outdoor dragons and even
some north tov dragons (lowers the faction we need to get the
skyshrine armor drops) We are usually allied so the lowest we get is
often apprehensive. Later we raid kael for vindi/statue and are then
allied again. This works out well for us because we do it as a guild.


>Also, where's a list that tells which Velks
>gems are quest gems and which are vendor?  Additionally, if ToV gear does
>require gems, where's a list that tells which gems for which gear item and
>how does this gem-into-gear process work?

go to allakhazams and look up the quests by zone for skyshrine and
kael, the cleric quest armors will be in there.


>Are ToV raids much different from Hate, Fear, or Kael raids?  If so, how so?

They are much more uber, usually require higher resists, usually
require you to actually be in the more uber guild, require raiding of
the opposite factions to get the faction up high enough to do the
armor quests, etc.

Frankly you just asking these questions means you are probably in no
position to do this yet. Therefore if I were you I'd get either hate
or POG armor and outside of that get in groups in kael where you MIGHT
get the plate drops for armor similar to POG but that requires the
same gems as tov ones (thurg quest armor, requires at least kindly
with the dwarves so much easier to do)

Be wary of anyone saying things like "nah, wait until later when you
can just..." because usually that depends upon several factors such as
what guild you are in and they are basing it on their own experiences.
You are level 53 which is high enough as a cleric to get plane quality
armor now, in hate if not anywhere else and smaller guilds are far
more likely to let you come on their raid as a cleric to do hate and
give you an equal chance at armor than an uber guild that can do ToV
is going to give you the time of day.

Email: dstephenathomedotcom
Find the @ and the . if you really need to.


