From 98806932346573163
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e8f8655abb183b2c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-22 06:38:41 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!feed.textport.net!sn-xit-04!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!rb_usenet
From: rb_usenet@blueyonder.co.uk (Richard Burge)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Newbie Necro in Paineel wants to travel
Date: Wed, 22 Aug 2001 14:42:57 -0800
Organization: very little
Message-ID: <1eyjdsj.u67ppp19o9xf6N%rb_usenet@blueyonder.co.uk>
References: <rsFg7.11133$1o6.1422437396@newssvr15.news.prodigy.com>
User-Agent: MacSOUP/2.4.6
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 52
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:110240

fxdswg <fxdswg@prodigy.net> wrote:

> My Level 9 Necro has spent all his life in Paineel and the Warrens.  I tried
> going to Erudin yesterday to spread  my wings and see the world.
> 
> I con'd 'dubious' to all merchants in Erudin and even 'Threatening' to some
> of the named NPC's.  How can I raise my faction in Erudin so I can buy
> stuff?
> 
> And, is it possible to raise faction on the NPC's so I won't be KOS?  I
> tried using the 'Gathering Shadows' invisibility spell, which did make it
> possible to move around, as I con'd 'Indifferent' to everybody then.
> 
> Any help would be greatly appreciated.  Thanks.


Erudites chucked your heretic brothers out of Erudin, forcing them into
Paineel - civil war. You're old enemies, so you should count yourself
lucky that only some NPCs (Paladins etc) want to kill you on sight. Not
much point raising faction there since you can shop and bank in Paineel,
although if you really want to you can use the treant wood trick
mentioned elsewhere (give small lanterns to Jyle Windshot upstairs in
the Hogcaller inn in West Freeport for treant wood shards - may need a
mule to get them for you - give those to Emil Parsini in the hut outside
Erudin in Tox for faction with merchant, guards and Erudin Council). The
pallies, clerics and magic users will probably always hate you though -
anything you do to raise those factions will lower Heretic faction.

At least most folk in Erudin are dubious to you, allowing you to make it
through to the dock for the boat to Qeynos (may want to use gather
shadows to avoid being ganked by the odd KOS NPC).

In Qeynos, you are probably KOS, but instead of running through the city
you can jump off the dock - there is a tunnel into the sewers underwater
at the end of the dock - the Qeynos catacombs are home to the
Bloodsabres (Qeynos necros and Shadowknights), so you can sell/bank down
there, and use the tunnels to get through the city to Qeynos hills.
Avoid staying there - wandering Rangers from Surefall will hate you
(Holly Windstalker etc). You can raise faction with Qeynos by hunting in
Blackburrow if you really want to.

Probably best just to move to Freeport - just get a TP to the West
Commons or North Ro and relocate and get a bind in Freeport, they are
much more tolerant there and you'll also be near Neriak - you're
probably dubious to the dark elf vendors there, but that is easily fixed
with the red wine quest (give lots of red wine to the scribe in a room
in the library), and theres a necro guild there (use invis to undead to
get past the ghoul guards - they kill non dark-elves).

Don't bother with Faydwer - it will be nigh on impossible to raise
faction with the dwarves and elves.



