From -1102883110689085016
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2e41761c3fb2895
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-09 21:09:43 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!cpk-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.gtei.net!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!news1.atlantic.net!not-for-mail
From: "Tukka Yoot" <tukka@atlantic.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <l9WQ7.5685$OD3.1565127@typhoon.columbus.rr.com>
Subject: Re: Firiona Vie Server
Lines: 111
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
Message-ID: <1nXQ7.39$tg6.24994@news1.atlantic.net>
Date: Mon, 10 Dec 2001 00:08:57 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.208.5.149
X-Complaints-To: news@atlantic.net
X-Trace: news1.atlantic.net 1007960637 209.208.5.149 (Mon, 10 Dec 2001 00:03:57 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 10 Dec 2001 00:03:57 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:144571

> Anyone been playing regularly there? If so, what are your
> impressions/experiences?

  It's about your only choice for a server if you want to be able to log in,
and find people willing and able to roleplay in your random encounters and
wanderings.  On other servers, you might be able to find a "roleplay guild"
or a few pockets of RPers here and there, but on Firiona Vie there are
numerous RPers sprinkled throughout the entire population of the game...
some of whom actually roleplay actual quirks, storylines and plots in the
game... rather than just speaking in mangled Middle English or posting a
"background" story on some message forum and leaving the roleplaying behind
for good.  Not everybody roleplays, but enough people do to make the server
worth playing on for that purpose.  And most RPers that I have encountered
aren't of the anal retentive, must-stay-in-character-at-all-costs variety.

  The ruleset does, however, exacerbate several issues that annoy people on
all servers, while adding a few new obstacles and annoyances.  Finding
people to group with, finding someone to bind you, SoW you, or otherwise
assist you is tough unless you join a pretty good sized guild.  On FV,
guilding is pretty much mandatory unless all you want to do is solo.  That
isn't necessarily a bad thing though, especially if you can find a good
guild who fits your character's personality.

  Elements of the ruleset/server that make gameplay more difficult/annoying:

  - Alignment.  If you choose to be "good" or "evil", you cannot group with
people who are of the opposite alignment.  Certain classes, races or
class/race/deity combos have no choice about what alignment they can be.
Also, not only can people of opposing alignments not group, but they cannot
buff each other, rezz each other, ect.  If you choose a neutral character,
you can group with anybody and this will not directly affect you (though it
will mean that even though you COULD really use that cleric of Quellious in
your group, you can't let him in without kicking out the shadow knight).

  - Language barrier.  This one isn't so bad, especially if you play a
human, half-elf, high elf or wood elf... if you play one of those races,
then you start off being able to communicate with more than just your own
race, which is nice and will get you through the first 10-15 levels without
encountering any severe language problems if you stick to your newbie areas.
The way it works is there is no "common" language, and you can only get one
language skill increase per hour, or per zone.  So if you get a language
skill increase, you either have to wait an hour before you can get another
in that zone, or you have to zone to get another.  You can only get language
skill increases things spoken over the /say or /groupsay channels, and if
it's in /groupsay, you both have to be in the same zone.  How skilled you
can become in a language is limited by your level... Level * 5 I think.  In
about an hour I got up to "Good" (somewhere around 65-70) in Dark Elven by
zoning back and forth with two dark elves spamming a language lesson on both
sides of the zone line.  With "Good" skill you're able to passably
communicate with anybody at your level of skill or better.  I predict that
in 3 months, most everybody above level 25 will be able to speak enough
languages that the language barrier won't be much of a barrier anymore.

  - Range limited /shout.  Makes it more difficult to announce trains, find
a person to bind you, SoW you, ect.  It does cut down on mindless chatter,
however (especially since there is no /ooc channel).

  - /Auction limited to city zones.  I think it is range limited also.  This
makes it VERY difficult to buy and sell in the traditional way on Firiona
Vie.  The best way to sell is generally to post on offline message forums,
or make sales propositions to your groupmates and friends, ask them what
they're looking for, tell them what you want, ect.  When the Luclin bazaar
comes online, it may prove an EXCELLENT outlet for selling on Firiona Vie,
however.

  - Casters can only bind themselves in the places where melee classes can
be bound on normal servers.  Removes a pretty big convenience aspect of
being a caster.

  - Trivial Loot Code is implemented serverwide, in all zones.  This makes
some difficult quests virtually impossible.  It's supposed to cut down on
farming, but there's a lot of skepticism about whether or not it will really
do that, since at high levels the range of lower level mobs you get
experience from is rather huge, and with a higher level enchanter memory
blurring everything, a lower level character could still effectively farm.
So far I haven't run in to any circumstances where I've felt like TLC has
effected me much, except that I benefited recently from the side effect of
most items not being NO DROP.  About the only items that are NO DROP on
Firiona Vie are the epic weapons and newbie notes.  I was able to buy an
obsidian flamberge for a decent price due to this fact. :)

  - Low server population.  Though not part of the ruleset, it does
undeniably overall add challenge to the game.  The only servers that are
consistently ranked as having fewer players online than FV are Sullon Zek
and Antonius Bayle when the Europeans are sleeping.

  - One character per server.  Overall I like this one.  As much as I'd like
to have two or three characters to play on the server, I don't really feel
that it makes things any easier or more difficult in terms of gameplay.  In
fact, I expect that as the server matures, it'll make it even easier for new
lower level characters, since higher level characters won't have any
characters of their own to twink.  As a result, they'll probably twink
strangers and lower level guildmates, or flood the market with mid range and
lower level items, making them cheaper for all.

  All of this combines to make a server which is uniquely challenging, yet
in a way, uniquely satisfying.  There are virtually no twinks, so everybody
you see around you, including yourself, got where you are and what you have
by your own skills and gameplay.  I have had bad experiences not being able
to get a bind for HOURS in a row, due to the range limited shout, the low
server population, the alignment thing (I play an 'evil' character) and bad
luck.  I expect this to happen less often as I play more on the server and
make more friends, build more connections and as my guild grows in size.

  The upsides are all worth the little annoyances, in my opinion.  If it
weren't for Firiona Vie, I doubt I'd be playing EverQuest anymore.  So far
from what I've found, Firiona Vie players are of a somewhat higher caliber.
There are fewer d00ds and more people who are able to communicate in
complete sentences, and more roleplayers.  It isn't perfect, but it's nice.




