From -853849324709187276
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,be0b48b7701769c1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-07 20:11:53 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!elk.ncren.net!news.umass.edu!news-out.cwix.com!newsfeed.cwix.com!wn14feed!worldnet.att.net!204.127.198.203!attbi_feed3!attbi.com!rwcrnsc51.ops.asp.att.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3E1BA59A.262E6CB1@rcsis.com>
From: Justisaur <rpilliard@rcsis.com>
Reply-To: justisaur.nospam@netscape.nospam.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.79 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: OT eBay scammer busted
References: <ZkYQ9.8161$134.918919@newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net> <TthR9.18659$Xc.2057@nwrddc04.gnilink.net> <3e15fc76$1_4@news.teranews.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 327
NNTP-Posting-Host: 12.246.178.15
X-Complaints-To: abuse@attbi.com
X-Trace: rwcrnsc51.ops.asp.att.net 1041999111 12.246.178.15 (Wed, 08 Jan 2003 04:11:51 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 08 Jan 2003 04:11:51 GMT
Organization: AT&T Broadband
Date: Wed, 08 Jan 2003 04:11:51 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:256634



Graefaxe wrote:
> 
> "u89s" <u89s@hotmail.com> wrote in message
> news:TthR9.18659$Xc.2057@nwrddc04.gnilink.net...
> >
> > hmm ok lemme rephrase...i am at school and they block all websites, i use
> > outlook to post these ng messages ;)
> 
> Who are you talking to and what are you talking about?  I can never figure
> out your ramblings as, for some unknown reason, you will only quote yourself
> (not that you are overly quotable, btw).

Geez, no one uses threads anymore? 

Here's the article, not all that interesting IMHO.

in the interest of getting this out, no fancy layout, just hand coding.
maybe i'll spruce it up later. 
This is to serve as a final update of sorts for all those Mac junkies
who helped me out. Keep that audience in mind while you're reading this
(ie, don't email me calling me a Mac bigot when I'm writing for an
audience of Mac junkies). 
the names of the innocent have been changed, the names of the guilty
though... 

I am a college student (my second time around). Specifically, I'm
studying to become a high school history teacher. I am a student with a
lifelong habit though, Macintosh. I got my first Mac in 1986, a used Mac
Plus with 1 megabyte of RAM a massive 40 megabyte external hardrive.
Since then, I've always had to keep up, first it was the SE, then the
IIsi, the Powerbook 140, and from there on, more Macs than you can shake
a stick at (I missed the Mac TV). I usually keep my Mac for about 6
months, and then resell it and move up. I almost always buy used, so
don't get any ideas about me being rich. 

Since I went back to being a student again, I've been selling Macs more
regularly, picking up good deals on used Macs locally and then reselling
on eBay. I've been doing this for about two years now, its relatively
easy, takes about an extra hour of my day, and usually pays the rent. In
November when the new Powerbooks came out I decided I was going to buy
one for myself, to keep, an early Christmas present that would come in
handy for taking notes in class and finishing up a presentation I needed
to do on the New Orleans school system. The day they were announced I
ordered a nice new Powerbook G4 867 and found it on my doorstep only a
few days later. 

It was a beautiful machine, if you've never played with one in person,
you won't believe it. I played with it for a couple of days, took it to
school to take notes and do research on. The more I used it, the more I
loved it. But, it was just too much to be carrying around, $2300 in my
backpack had a tendency to make me a little nervous. I decided maybe I
should turn it around and pick up an iBook. My girlfriend and I decided
we would use the extra money to donate to some charities for Christmas.
So on November 19th, up on eBay it went, along with an Airport
Basestation and a bunch of other knickknacks. I set a buy-it-now price
on a whim for $2950. 

The next morning I checked my auction, a couple of bids placed, and so
the buy-it-now option was gone. Checking my email I got a couple of
questions about the computer and much to my surprise, an offer to buy it
for $2900 from Steve Matthews, a dad with a lucky son in college who was
going to be getting a Powerbook for his birthday. Steve wanted to pay
for it COD, no problem, its actually how I usually sell things. I called
him on the phone number he gave me to ask a couple of questions and make
sure everything was on the up and up. 

He reiterated that he was buying it as a last minute present for his son
and since it was already setup as a package, he thought it was a good
deal. Not to mention the Chicago Apple stores were still out of stock. I
got home from school, packed up my Powerbook and accessories, and off
they went Fedex overnight to Chicago, never to be seen again. 

At 10:21AM on November 21st, a man going by the name of Paul Smith
signed for my two packages and gave the driver an official cashier's
check from LaSalle Bank for $3052.78 in return. The check made it back
to my doorstep the next morning. I went to the bank, deposited the check
and withdrew enough to go ahead and pay my rent and pick up a couple of
household items. I sent an email to Steve to make sure he got everything
ok and to check that nothing had been damaged in shipping. No reply. As
the old saying goes, no news is good news, right? 

My girlfriend and I went away for Thanksgiving, and when we got back on
Friday, I had a message from my bank. The branch manager had called to
let me know she had a returned item for $3052.78 and that my account was
now in the negative. Seriously in the negative. No problem I thought,
I'll just call Steve and see what's up. 

So I dialed the number I had. In the back of my mind I expected a "this
number has been disconnected message". Instead I got an answer, the
voice sounded identical to Steve, so I asked if Steve was there. 

"Oh, Steve, yeah, that's my cousin, he's out of town for Thanksgiving
you know. He'll be back Tuesday" 

"Can I leave a message for him?" 

So I left my information and asked that he give me a call. That little
voice in the back of my mind let out a sigh and an uh-oh. The voices
were the same right? Was I being scammed? Well, if I was, I certainly
wasn't going to let the weekend go by without doing a little
investigating. 

I started off with the information I had. His AOL email address, his
phone number, and the address I shipped the computer to. The AOL address
didn't yield anything. Doing a reverse lookup on the address (thanks to
Whitepages.com) I got three names and phone numbers, none of which
matched anything I had. The phone number didn't give me anything. I
finally found a way to lookup the exchange on the number to see if it
was a cell phone or a landline (Fone Finder). It came back as Nextel and
I wanted to scream. 

There really isn't anything you can do with a cell phone number. There
are no directory services. The cell phone companies won't give out any
information. And that's that. I called Nextel and pleaded with them. The
customer service rep I spoke with seemed more confused than anything. He
kept asking me what my Nextel phone number was and why I suspected
someone was fraudulently billing to my account. I calmly explained at
least three times that I was not a Nextel customer, that I was just
trying to get an address for another customer I suspect has defrauded
me, etc, etc. I finally gave up on Chris from Nextel, I've had customer
service reps who don't even speak English who were more helpful. 

I was at a dead end. I'd just sent my $2300 laptop, my Airport
basestation, and a load of stuff to somebody I didn't know and all I had
to show for it was a bill from Fedex for overnight shipping and a
returned cashier's check. It's hard to sleep comfortably knowing some
asshole has your Mac and is doing god knows what with it. 

Sunday the first of December, I sprang into action full force. I called
for help. I knew I wasn't going to get anywhere with this on my own, so
I figured I might be able to get some help from some bulletin boards. I
posted my tale of woe and call for assistance on every Mac bulletin
board I could think of. I hoped that somebody who worked for Nextel,
some fellow Mac addict like myself, might be willing to bend the rules a
little. I wanted this guy's address and I wanted it bad. I was already
pricing flights to Chicago and putting my professors on notice that I
might have to miss a little class. I may have made an error in trusting
this person, but I'm not someone you want to have that happen to. I will
get you. I will hunt you down, and I will bring a baseball bat with me. 

I got more replies than I could keep up with. Everyone wanted to know
what they could do to help or at least offer support. Well, everyone
except one guy who just wanted to let me know how incredibly stupid he
thought I was and that he would never have accepted a counterfeit
anything. I think a 102:1 great person to asshole ratio is pretty good.
Several people living in Chicago offered their assistance, be it in
gathering information or even forming a tough guy squad if necessary. 

The most important reply I got was a pointer to an online PI service
that does reverse lookups on cell phones (Cell Phone Magic). I was
already beyond broke, but I figured $85.00 more wouldn't kill me. Twelve
hours and $85.00 later, I had a name, an address, and a landline phone
number for this guy. The name and his AOL email were eerily close,
actually with a last name like Christmas, it would be pretty weird if it
didn't match up. I couldn't believe it. A Chicago resident named Melvin
Christmas had just ruined my Christmas. I was expecting William Faulkner
to come popping out of the pantry at any moment and laugh at me. 

I was now ready to call the police. I called the Chicago police
department and filed a report. I gave the operator all of my
information, including the real name and address I had managed to get.
"A detective will contact you within one to two weeks, thank you." One
to two weeks?!? I had this guy, I'd done all the work already, all you
had to do was go pick him up. I'd even gone ahead and called Fedex and
spoken to the Chicago station manager and was assured that the driver
would cooperate in identifying the guy if necessary. All they had to do
was pick him up. In one to two weeks he could be gone. And all the while
my precious Powerbook is sitting god knows where being used by somebody
completely undeserving of a Mac. I know in my heart that Mr. Christmas
is really a PC guy. 

I was furious. Chicago PD weren't going to do anything about this. If
they were anything like the New Orleans PD, one to two weeks was likely
to turn in to never. I figured I'd call Mr. Christmas myself. Let him
know I was going to give him a chance to fix this, and I thought, maybe
at least scare him. Let him know he was dealing with someone who would
track him down no matter what, even if I had to make a deal with the
Prince of Darkness to do it. Mr. Christmas said he didn't even know what
email was. Obviously a PC user. 

I kept checking the message boards. Maybe someone would have a better
idea. I called the local FBI field office. Agent Jones was very
understanding, but let me know that even though this crossed state
lines, the field office didn't take anything involving less than $5000.
"Try the Chicago PD". 

I kept everyone on the Mac boards updated as best I could. On Tuesday I
got a useful reply, try the Secret Service, counterfeiting is their
jurisdiction. I made my way to the under-renovation Federal Building
here in New Orleans. After walking many a dark, scary hallway, found
myself at the door of Agent Keith Lopola. Keith came out and heard my
case. I had brought copies of all the emails between myself and Steve
Matthews/Paul Smith/Mr. Christmas, a copy of the check, and the call
journal I had started keeping. Agent Lopola told me the same thing the
FBI did, "It falls under our jurisdiction, but we can't take the case."
He wanted to let me know that he really felt for me. Thanks. I left the
office determined to call and bother him and the Chicago PD everyday for
the rest of my life or at least until Mr. Christmas was behind bars. 

Finals were fast approaching. It's not very easy to concentrate on
school when all you can think about all day is the fact that all of your
student loans for the next semester are going to cover this counterfeit
check. That and some grubby criminal has your Powerbook. It's enough to
drive someone to the drink. 

Tuesday night I got an email from someone who had seen my story posted
on O'Grady's Powerpage, a Powerbook enthusiast site. George Dunbar had
seen the story and thought it sounded eerily similar to his. I called
him, we compared notes, and turns out it was the same guy. George
forwarded me all of his emails. Everything was the same, word for word,
it was like Mr. Christmas just copied and pasted and magically made
money. George was in it worse than I was though and had completely given
up. He was out $6000 and two computers. He also let me know that there
were more victims. He'd talked to at least three other people who had
been taken by the same guy, all of whom had just given up. I was not
going to give up. That night I dreamed of Mr. Christmas and a baseball
bat, some duct tape, and roofing nails. 

Wednesday morning I decided I was going to Chicago. I set up another
eBay auction under my girlfriend's account, this time for same computer,
different city. Three hours later, lo and behold I received an email
from eBay user videopro55 (the same one) asking me if I'd like to sell
the computer right now for $2500. Oh yes, I'd love to sell the computer,
I'll even be there when it gets delivered to make sure it gets "setup
properly". 

He emailed me a new address and phone number, the phone number again
traced back to the same address for Mr. Christmas. I called the Secret
Service and the Chicago PD, pleading, all they had to do was be there
when Fedex dropped off the package. It was a guaranteed hit, he'd have
another counterfeit cashier's check, all you'd have to do is arrest him.
Like shooting fish in a barrel. "Sorry, Detective McDonaugh will be out
until next Wednesday, can I take a message?" Fine, if the cops won't do
it, I decided I'd just Priceline a ticket and be waiting next door when
it got dropped off. So I'd know what kind of neighborhood I was looking
at, I asked for help again in the Mac boards. Two Chicago residents
replied, and the next morning, courtesy of Tim, I had 23 pictures of the
house, the cars in the driveway (with license plate numbers) and the
neighborhood. I'd like to see a Dell user do something like that at 4:30
in the morning for a complete stranger a thousand miles away. I started
planning my trip. I decided I'd leave on Saturday, have the package
delivered on Monday, and make it back just in time to screw up on all my
finals. 

On Friday in preparation for flying up I mapped the new address from the
one for Mr. Christmas to see how close it was. As I looked at the map,
it hit me. The new address wasn't in Chicago. It was in a suburb,
Markham. I googled for the Markham police and 5 minutes later was
talking to a very enthusiastic Sargeant Knapp. I had hit the jackpot,
the new drop was outside of Chicago jurisdiction and therefore outside
of their inattentiveness as well. Sargeant Knapp informed me he loved
this kind of thing, even had a UPS and Fedex uniform ready. He'd call
Fedex and they would set it up for Tuesday. I was certain I was
dreaming. After talking to two detectives in Chicago, an FBI field
agent, an agent in the New Orleans field office of the Secret Service,
an agent with the L.A. Secret Service and having a conference call with
a large group of agents from the Chicago Secret Service, I finally was
getting somewhere. And I didn't even have to stand on someone's doorstep
with a baseball bat to do it. 

I spent the entire weekend on pins and needles. What if Mr. Christmas
figured something out between now and Tuesday? All would be lost. I
wouldn't even get the chance to confront him on my own. On Monday I
spoke with Sgt. Knapp to make sure everything was ready to go. I had
sent him a package with all of my documentation (he didn't have email),
and I tried to explain what all the email stuff meant as best I could.
He had worked everything out with Fedex and they were set for the
delivery on Tuesday. 

I called my brother in Nashville and had him send the package. I had set
everything up to be coming from there so that Mr. Christmas wouldn't get
suspicious. I could barely sleep Monday night. All I could think about
was something going wrong and my only chance at getting this guy being
missed. I wanted to update everyone on the Mac boards, but I had to keep
it quiet until I knew something was going to happen. 

Tuesday afternoon Sgt. Knapp called. They had tried the delivery but no
one was home. I just wanted to scream. The board users kept posting how
the suspense was driving them nuts. Well, it was going to give me an
aneurism. A million possibilities went through my head. Maybe he had
somebody working at Fedex who tipped him off, maybe I worded something
in one of my email a little off. Sgt. Knapp called me back to let me
know they would try the delivery again tomorrow. He also wanted to let
me know that they had intercepted another package that was being sent to
the same address. Looks like he'd already struck again, thankfully the
lady from New York will get her computer back. He also told me that he
was definitely going to keep pursuing this, and that oddly enough, the
address I'd given him was also related to another fraud case, but this
one much bigger (hundreds of thousands) involving a certain Chicago
franchise I won't mention. So maybe I had led them to something bigger
than just some asshole counterfeiting cashier's checks. 

Today I had finals all day. I'm a 4.0 honors student. I've had a 4.0 all
semester. I'm not sure if I'll keep that after today. I just couldn't
sleep last night. All I could think about was Mr. Christmas and the
delivery. I couldn't study either. So I winged it, I'll get my grades
tomorrow. I called Sgt. Knapp at 2:45. He told me he was on his way back
to the house. They'd already made the delivery and arrested the guy. He
had more than $10,000 in counterfeit cashier's checks waiting for
deliveries. 

*I* got him. 

I'm right now waiting on Sgt. Knapp to fax me a copy of his mug shot for
posterity. Then I'm going to go celebrate. Sgt. Knapp said the guy was
cooperating and he was going to try to recover my laptop. I'm hopeful,
but I don't expect it. I might not ever get my computer back, but at
least there is one less asshole on the street. When will criminals
learn? You just shouldn't mess with Mac people. 

For everyone on all the boards who offered their help and encouragement,
I thank you. This would have been a lot harder without you. If you're
ever in New Orleans, look me up and I'll buy you a beer. I've still got
to figure out how I'm paying for college next semester, but I'll keep
some beer money set aside for ya'll. 

Oh yeah, and if there are any lawyers in the Chicago area who can file a
civil suit against this guy for damages (yeah I know I'm not going to
collect) please contact me, caught a t remodern d o t com 



- Justisaur -
check http://justisaur.tripod.com/well.htm for my encounter generator,
xp calculator, and other usefull documents.


