From 361943575306689432
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4144213364906a5e,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-12 11:04:47 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!crtntx1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!newspeer1.nwr.nac.net!nntp.cifnet.net!news-out1.nntp.be!propagator2-sterling!news-in-sterling.newsfeed.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3FDA1148.4040109@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.0.1) Gecko/20020823 Netscape/7.0 (OEM-HPQ-PRS1C03)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Splendid's Dirty Little Secret
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 99
Date: Fri, 12 Dec 2003 19:16:05 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.150
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1071256565 66.109.232.150 (Fri, 12 Dec 2003 14:16:05 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 12 Dec 2003 14:16:05 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11573

I know better, mind you.  I do. But I do it anyway. Just can't help 
myself, you see.  Oh I don't do it when I might get caught.  But most of 
the time, I know I won't be.  And I'm almost always lucky about it.

It just works so well, so quickly, so efficiently... and sheer laziness 
and force of habit keep me doing it.

People in AGE will all be aghast I'm sure.  Probably should keep my 
mouth shut about it, for fear I'll be outed and then shunned.  And my 
credibility on other issues ruined.

Still, I can't find a KEI this morning, nobody on I know to group with, 
and out of topics to respond to... so out of sheer boredom, I'm going to 
throw this chum to the sharks and see if there's a feeding frenzy to watch.

I don't assist.  I use F8 for target selection.

F8.  I know you think its broken.  I know that assisting the MT always 
works.  I know that NOT assisting the MT is evil incarnate.

I still use it.

One button press gets me a target.  An enemy target, mind you, never a 
pet or PC.  Something that eventually is going to need killing more 
likely than not.

F8 selects a mob, and if its HP bar moves off the 100% mark, I send a 
pet at it.  If the pet doesn't say he can't attack, I nuke.  If I get a 
"can't attack" message before the nuke goes off, I duck out.

I've never, not once, seen the message that my pet has broken a mez. 
Nor have I ever, not once, seen the message that -I- have broken a mez. 
  30 levels as an enchanter and 57 as a bard give me a good background 
in how evil mez breaking is, I watch for it carefully.  I'm sure one day 
it will happen that the mez will land in the split second where I finish 
casting a nuke... but its not too likely, because I tend to wait a bit 
on nuking so as not to get aggro for myself, and if the mob isn't taking 
visible damage I'm clued in that its not a real target.  I've -heard- of 
pets breaking mez, but never seen it, not in 57 levels as a bard, 30 
levels as an enchanter, or 57 levels as a mage.

Why do I do it?  Well its easier than target MT, /as.  And hope the MT 
has the target selected.  Its lazier than rewriting my assist button to 
automate the process, plus I very frequently use my pure assist button 
to find out what the mob is hitting so I can DS that, or so forth.

But its also all those levels as a frequently soloing bard; I'd charm 
something and then hit f8 to pick up -any- non charmed target.  And I'd 
use F8 to pick my initial charm target as well, to pull; didn't matter 
which of the six or eight mobs I targetted anyway, since I wanted them 
all and would make them my pet one after another.

And its life as a cleric partner of charming druids and enchanters; 
again, they'd show up with two mobs, and might have either targetted, I 
could of course target their pet via f2 f2, then assist him... but far 
easier to go straight to f8, getting the "bad guy" right away.  Also, I 
used to solo undead mobs a lot, and click to target is really hard on 
undead; f8 much faster and easier.

Can it go wrong? Sure.  Sometimes f8 picks up no target.  Blocked by 
other party members, or by nothing at all (glitch).  Sometimes, in 
overpulls, it picks up the wrong target; if the MT announces his target 
in his assist message this isn't a problem to recognize, unless of 
course there are multiple targets with the same name.  And in LDoN (and 
other places) I sometimes pick up non targets (bitten victims in MM, etc)

Fortunately, I do know how to assist, can and do on any tricky looking 
pull more often than not.  Its normally just the average day to day one 
mob or sometimes two mob pulls where I pull this.  SO if f8 doesn't get 
me a target or gets me a clearly wrong target, I f4 (target main tank) 
and use my assist key, like I -should- do all the time.

But to go wrong disasterously, its necessary for me to miss the targets 
nearby and instead target some lulled thing that we are avoiding, either 
for the moment or permanently.

Thats happened twice now, both times with me realistically too sleepy to 
be playing; I've used F8 on incoming, got a target with the right name, 
same name the MT announces assist on.. then send pet and he goes racing 
off down the hall to attack a lulled mob in the distance.  Since that 
mob isn't taking damage, its against my "rules of engagement" to send 
the pet at him... but thats whats happened.  This results in (best case) 
my pet tanking the mob down, or (worst case) my pet getting slaughtered 
by adds and then the adds all rushing in to the room, jumping me, then 
slaughtering the rest of the group unless brought under control.  Out of 
two errors, I've had one of each so far.  Oh, middle case, me realizing 
the mob is going the wrong way and stopping him before he gets there; 
I've had that happen too, but with a MS type pet, which means one that 
doesn't cast.  Casting pets tend to get that mob angry at them long 
before I figure out something is wrong.

What do you thing?  Evil incarnate?  As bad as top posting?  Is this a 
habit I should bend all my will to breaking?  Or is it, as these things 
go, a minor sin, a individualist quirk, something I know better than to 
do, but that really won't hurt so much as long as I don't do it in the 
road where it might scare the horses?

Splendid One, 57 Gnomage, Firiona Vie



