From -2044731035418316199
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7f802181a219486e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-10-19 06:26:14 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: foolforyermoney <ohhno.notmy@charachter.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Damn you, EverQuest!!
Date: Sat, 19 Oct 2002 09:26:16 -0400
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <n5m2ru423f3fv7gvki5827qks3q8u4otgi@4ax.com>
References: <IM1s9.2844$md1.553@sccrnsc03>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.91/32.564
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 138
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:239273

here's some more crap to peruse(following LONG clip from local
newspaper), as well as a link to a CENSORED forum (err, moderated, I
mean) at CBS (48 Hours) :
http://bbs.cbsnews.com/cgi-bin/cbsnews/ikonboard.cgi?s=3daf13db0bc3ffff;act=ST;f=7;t=2

Other links to where us "addicts" can vent our freedom of speech (IF
we can tear ourselves away from our virtual needles) :
Everquest-widows : http://groups.yahoo.com/group/EverQuest-Widows/
read at yer own risk :
http://www.fucksociety.ca/dotcommunism/everquest.html

Ummm, happy hunting? (maybe da sniper is an EQ addict, and doesnt
shoot on weekends, cuz hes tied up with PoA raids?)

Anyways, Im outahere afta dropping off this FWFW stuff.
Cheerio!

-Loading! Please wait...

------------------------------------------snip ----------------------
"EverCrack"
term some psychologists use
from The Province May 24, 2002


Hudson, Wis. - His mother found Shawn Woolley's body in a rocking
chair in front of his computer. His head was slumped to one side -
still facing a screen of the online game that she says had become his
obsession.

"That damn game," Liz Woolley said to herself as she broke into tears.
At Shawn's side was the .22 calibre rifle he'd used to end his life.

Scattered around him, police reports say, were dirty clothes,
fast-food wrappers, dozens of empty pizza boxes and chicken bones
thrown haphazardly to the floor. His mother had pounded on his
apartment door and windows for two days before cutting through the
chain lock to break in last Thanksgiving morning.

The 21-year-old left no suicide note in the one-bedroom apartment in
this small town east of Minneapolis. The only signs of what had been
on his minds were a few scribbled names and terms related to
EverQuest, the online virtual reality game he'd been playing for well
over a year.

Based on those and other clues, Liz Woolley suspects her son killed
himself after being jilted online. But she places the blame for his
death squarely on the game and its maker - Sony Online Entertainment.

"Shawn was worse that any junkie I've ever seen," Liz Wooley says.
"After he started playing the game, he just didn't enjoy life
anymore." She believes Sony intentionally added features to EverQuest
to keep players online for hours at a time.

Scott McDaniel, Sony Online's vice-president of marketing, says the
game should be viewed like any other form of entertainment. "There's a
duty on the consumer to use it responsibly," McDaniel says of
EverQuest. Whether online gaming or Internet surfing for that matter -
can truly be addictive is still a matter of much debate among compute
and mental health experts. But whatever they name it - addiction,
obsession or compulsion - those experts say a growing number of people
are spending huge chunks of time on their computers at the expense of
their everyday lives.

The average EverQuest subscriber plays about 20 hours a week.
Increasingly, mental health professionals say they are getting calls
from family members and online junkies themselves who find themselves
neglecting friends and family, skipping school work and even a daily
shower to get more time on the computer.

David Greenfield, a psychologist in Hartford, Conn., and others, say
EverQuest seems to be particularly difficult to resist - so much so
that some call it "EverCrack".

His family says the camaraderie with online friends was part of the
allure for Shawn Woolley, a shy, overweight young man known for his
wry sense of humor but who never had much luck dating. One former
classmate described him as a geek. Others who knew him say he was
sweet and sensitive but hard to get to know. A longtime epileptic,
Shawn also struggled with seizures, which his mother says computer
time only  aggravated. After graduation, Shawn spent a semester
studying graphic design at a vocational school, and then dropped out.
He took a job at a pizza chain but left that, too, in July 2000 and
moved back in with his mom.

By that time, he'd started playing EverQuest, and his brother says its
effects were already noticeable. Their mother recalls the time Shawn
broke down and cried when another EverQuest player stole the online
treasures he'd collected.

There was a glimmer of hope early last year when the county social
services agency assigned Shawn a caseworker, after his mother booted
him out. He got a room in a local group home, started seeing a
therapist and took medication for seizures and depression. In May
2001m, he got a job at another pizza parlour. But once he started
earning money, he left the group home, got his own apartment and by
August had enough money to buy a second-hand computer.

As his EverQuest playtime increased, she says Shawn started skipping
counseling appointments and medication doses and rarely answered his
telephone. On Nov. 11, he quit work and holed up in his apartment,
refusing visitors and phone calls. A computer log shows that he played
the game almost constantly until Nov. 20, the day police think he shot
himself. Shortly after she dug into his computer files and found a
list of the last few EverQuest names he'd used. Among them was the
name "ILUVYOU." It was one of a few clues that led to her theory that
he'd been hurt by an online love.

Liz Woolley just started setting up an organization called "Online
Gamers Anonymous" and a Web site to help people like Shawn. "I can't
just sit here," she says, "I cannot let him die in vain."

Warning Signs

Experts suggest asking the following questions to determine if you're
spending too much time on the computer - playing games, surging the
Web or chatting online. If the answer to any or all is "yes," they say
you may need to seek help.

Is the amount of time you spend on the computer causing problems for
your family? At school? At work?
Do you repeatedly break family of work rules about when how much
computer time is allowed?
Do you ever lie about the time you spend on the computer or how you're
using it? Or do you find yourself sneaking around to do it?
Do you forgo meals or bathing to spend time on the computer?
Are you spending excessive time on the computer to avoid anything
(boredom, loneliness, problems)?
Do you have a pre-existing condition, such as depression or an anxiety
disorder, that may be contributing to how much time you spend on the
computer?
Do you throw temper tantrums when limits are imposed on you computer
time? Do you withdraw from friends, family and activities to spend
time on the computer?

Sources: Alan Marlatt, director of the Addictive Behaviors Research
Center of the University of Washington; and David Walsh, president of
the National Institute on Media and the Family.  


