From -102418125393953521
X-Google-Thread: fb739,526595da65d2465,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,domainid0,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!Xl.tags.giganews.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 23 Nov 2008 15:32:18 -0600
Date: Sun, 23 Nov 2008 16:32:13 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 2.0.0.18 (Windows/20081105)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Alchemy from the Ground Up
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <sKydnfA4ztF_VrTUnZ2dnUVZ_tLinZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 151
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.26.37
X-Trace: sv3-ox8zBY/IVlq8XVc74Ca8rdW/dNfqhcBlOyRIquYaDm7QfvIs0wVO5tdArlqF7Cs9aVTYqzPPYKLG3F8!G0haYCZr2wKRBepY6+gFtKyT1XJRaqzHyYxunxxIkQiQKVRAcYvglB89Ws9lEcz8edpjvYJkbNZb!9CCikHekdg==
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.39
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:153

Started a new toon, a baby shaman, to partner with my son's new Monk.

I played a shaman many years ago, reaching level 51 before a friend 
wanted to reroll on another server and I played Bard or some such. Yeah, 
rerolling is part of the fun for me, I enjoy starting over too much!

At any rate, one thing I didn't do before was play around with 
Alchemy... the old alchemy system wasn't too exciting anyway, and I was 
having too much fun learning the class.

This time, though, I already know the shaman basics, and besides, I need 
something to do when my son isn't playing, so we don't get seperated by 
levels.   A tradeskill seems perfect, I got Tinkering to 300 last 
spring, so I know how they work, in general, too.

Here's how I went at Alchemy:  went to EQTC and looked for guides, which 
were hopelessly out of date.  Searched around some on Google and didn't 
find anything better... there must be some info out there somewhere but 
I sure can't find it.

Then back to EQTC, where I looked at the basic recipe list.  Wow there 
are a LOT of recipies for alchemy.

Breaking them down further, though, it seems there are three basic 
sorts:  recipes which require a drop, ones which require a pottery made 
part, and ones which can be entirely storebought.

Oh, and a fourth sort, the Quest recipes in Abysmal Sea and Crescent Reach.

I went to AS and did their quests till 54 and capped.  I know the CR 
ones are easier, as you don't have do 100 of each before getting the 
next, but I also know at the high end you want to have the AS quests 
done so you can transform high end drops (in this case, Sludge needs to 
be filtered), so its not a waste of time really, you'll have to do it 
later anyway, might as well get the free skillups while at it.

Then I went to Freeport and got the beginning trophy quest.  All items 
on the list were below trivial at 54, I guess I could have gotten the 
quest at 50 and skilled up a little on the quest, but then again, the 54 
quests were free and the skill made it (very slightly) easier to succeed 
  on the quest combines)

Then to CR, where the parts are all handy, and where my son and I are 
based, with his Drakkin monk.

Starting out, I made a wide variety of recipies, anything I could find 
that didn't take drop or made parts.   They got progressively more 
expensive.. but these things are relative, they're all pretty cheap at 
the low end.

Here are the potions I saw as actually useful:

Avian (adds wisdom... which helped me learn faster)
Skinspikes.  DS that stacks with worn and cast DS... also note that worn 
DS doesn't work unless you have some kind of cast or potion DS, so this 
is the On switch for worn, given that monk/shaman don't get a cast 
version at all, at least till we get some quests done or something

There are a bunch of other stat boosts, but I can raise stats with buffs 
except for int/wis, and we don't need Int.

Last time I did a trophy, I was already at 200+ skill (tinkering). 
Starting this one at 54, I found it leveled up faster than I skilled up, 
  and I also found that until I dinged a certain level, it got no exp at 
all.  Still, after a while it got to 5% skill boost, and I could put 
away my Geerlok, equip a weapon with Wis on it, so I could stop drinking 
the Avian potions, which is good as they were no longer cheap or easy to 
make high end ones that were skillup, and the lowend ones were 
trivial... luckily I hung onto enough to get me thru this stage.

Things started to get expensive after leveling up a while, so I looked 
harder.  Turns out the Suspensions are much cheaper than the normal 
potions.   At first they look more expensive, because of the cost to 
make the vials via pottery... until you notice that each pottery combine 
makes several vials.

OK, I'm not seriously going to be a potter, so I go with the CR version 
of the TS quest, which takes perhaps a quarter of the time that the AS 
ones do to get to 54.

This lets me make a potion I've never heard of, but which looks really 
useful for our duo: Suspension of Slime.

There are a number of Suspensions, most seem to be low end nukes, but 
Slime is a snare.   Monk/Shaman lacks snare, I didn't go Troll so I 
won't be able to get the clicky snare neck, and the monk is, well, it 
will be a while before we get him a snare item or anything like that.

Suspensions go in Range, and a Range attack casts the spell.  Three 
downsides:  Its resistable, and like normal Range attacks, can't be used 
within a certain minimum range.  But three, duration is short, about 5 
ticks, which will make snare/FD splitting problematic.  As a former SK I 
was looking forward to my son being able to use Slime to do that useful 
trick, but no joy there.  Still, they work admirably for stopping 
runners, and we weren't planning on using the snare to aggro or fear kite.

As I skill up further, the price difference becomes pronounced.   I make 
skinspikes because they're useful, but I stop making anything else, 
skinspikes and Slimes.

Slimes work all the way up to 228, and then there's a slightly harder 
pottery combine that works to 231.

Now I'm stuck.  I've been looking all down that list, and I dont' see 
one more item I can make that doesn't require dropped parts.

Worse, nothing that I can kill drops anything for skillups, either.

After some debate, I hauled my 75 Sk out of retirement to go hunting. 
Several hours in SG yielded 80 deepwater ink (and 5K in gems), handed 
the proceeds over to the little shaman and back to work I went.

Just over 40pp in Comfrey, 20pp for Methysticum (bought a stack of 100 
by mistake, expected 20 stacks like the Comfrey), and (2gp for 20 times 
4 times 5=4pp in small vials invested.

Checking wisdom capped for my level (255, this would be easier at higher 
levels), I start in clicking.

No I don't, recipe not in my book.  Experiment time.  On my first try I 
make a stack of 4 Distillate of Spirituality IX, so I can use the recipe 
book for the rest, a relief with 10 item combines I thought I might have 
to do a dozen or two the hard way.  I succeed a lot even at my low 
skill... but on the losses I get the small vials back, clearly I've 
overbought on those!  Nine attempts per 1% exp on the Trophy, looks like.

A friend rummages thru her bank and finds an extra 26 DWInks, I splurge 
and buy a second 100 Methysticums, along with the extra of everything 
else I need.  Total outlay, just a hair over 100pp.

I've produced 350 potions, from the 106 DWI's.  Dumping those on the 
vendor, I bring in 1765pp, or 1566pp after costs.  This plan is usable 
till my skill hits 302... so it looks like money outlay is a thing of 
the past, although I'd still happily spend money to not have to hunt 
components.

The logic, that Alchemy Vendor only stuff is expensive, and Pottery 
stuff less so, and stuff with a hunted component even less so, is 
laudable, the fact that I can actually make a profit selling to vendors 
(a modest one, given that I made 5Kpp while hunting the parts) is a nice 
bonus, but what I dislike about this is the massive time sink it 
creates.  Four hours work and I got a whopping two skillups out of it... 
and I can't think of a drop item I can farm faster... maybe Nodding Blue 
Lillies in Seb?   Thats for an even higher skill level combine.

Ah well, its something to do when my son isn't available to play, and 
I'll probably get more skillups when my skill improves... seems for some 
reason I don't skill as fast on Red combines as I do on Yellow ones, and 
its exping up my Trophy pretty fast.

Infusee, 32 Iksar Shaman, Combine


