From 767275376602435388
X-Google-Thread: fb739,194a3084f6a0138f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 10 Aug 2006 13:16:58 -0500
Date: Thu, 10 Aug 2006 14:16:57 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: In the swim
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <bKSdnfEn7L2H5UbZnZ2dnUVZ_radnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 99
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.48.203
X-Trace: sv3-gPzyKrofHHWbrAf3jCIsr+KncVOf9AK1uggvEfAIkIH4//WRne5j5JJkXZvz+/ZMDbFNGZc4Pjmu5ej!Xf5hnhIrVAWMQNvKyon10NnQJVuUfUvGbTkgVukryTUFNlxRc+bvaW4VpCeK5dSKCyXfgQ3pHWQz!28X/5rDf+Bw=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3510

Logged in my litle enchanter alt yesterday, withdrew a small pile of 
cash from the shared bank, and spent about half an hour searching 
Freeport for a vendor I knew I'd seen, selling not just the cheap coffin 
used to summon bodies up to level 35, but the big one used for all 
characters.  A day or two before I'd purchased the Summon Corpse spell, 
so I was ready to go.

For the record, there's a vendor in East Freeport just a bit north of 
the northern zone line to West Freeport.  My sources said two vendors 
standing together in between the two zone lines... maybe thats true 
also, but I spent a LONG time looking and couldn't find them.

With a pair of opal encrusted steins (also residing permanently in my 
shared bank so any alt can buy or sell for me) the price on those 
puppies is 52 pp and change.  They are also containers, so only two can 
be transfered via shared bank at one time, luckily in this instance two 
was all I needed.

Logged back on with my naked SK, grabbed the coffins, a hundred pp in 
case I found a cleric, and a single SOW potion out of my stock.  Swigged 
the potion and took off running all the way to old Seb.  I was prepared 
to summon my body, but a group was there and I took advantage of the 
opportunity, when they moved in clearing their way, managed to get close 
enough to my body to drag it out... getting aggro from a couple mobs, 
but still SOWed it was a simple matter to outrun the mobs back to the 
zone in and then FD.  SO, saved myself a coffin there.

While I waited for my dead friend to log in, I looted up and started 
practicing abjuration, a sadly neglected skill.  After a while, I 
noticed an undressed bard wiggling around, and asked if she was missing 
a body.  As it turns out, she was indeed, and as I happened to have a 
spare coffin, I summoned her body, apparantly out from somewhere near 
Trakanon.  She brought in a cleric from her guild and we both got 
rezzed, definately a good deal for me.  Cleric gated out, and the bard 
and I worked our way down to the temple area using lull, then I ran in 
ahead of her, grabbing aggro on all the mobs in the way, with harmshield 
on, the bard ran thru a few seconds after I started and zoned out with 
me right on her tail.

I zoned back in and went back to working skill while waiting, got quite 
a ways along (wrote a macro to cast 5 times in a row so I had more time 
between button presses to read the paper).

Suddenly a call came from a guildmate, though, he'd managed to spawn the 
corrupted brownie in LFay but had died trying to take it down.  I was 
pretty much stuck there in seb, too far to run all the way to zone line 
on Harmshield and several see invis mobs in the way.  Suddenly another 
group zoned in, a wizzard among them; I pleaded an epic emergency and he 
was very understanding (and then surprised when I tipped 25pp, he'd been 
ready to do it free).  Guildmate had started another try, and wiped 
again while I was on the way.

I ran from GFay to the LFay zone line pausing briefly to fix my spell 
list (resist cold wasn't really in order), when I got in zone I got an 
invite, so it didn't take long to find the druid and his little brownie 
buddy (the X system really simplifies this sort of thing).  We weren't 
really ready, but concerned that the brownie would despawn if we waited 
too long, we engaged almost immediately; I handed over a clarity IV 
potion and drank one myself, got a couple buffs and began.  Druid 
snared, I feared, we dotted and then gave chase, me and my little pet 
pounding away at his back.  Whenever fear broke, he quickly healed and 
often dispelled the snare, I slapped another snare and fear on and kept 
at it; he wasn't Chealing so we were gradually winning... but mana was 
running out.  In the end, I was OOM and at about 20% hp, the druid was 
OOM, before the brownie finally started to run away on his own.  Score. 
  I got a port back to EJ, ran back to Seb, and went back to abjuration 
practice 101.

Eventually, the rogue logged in, ran in to Seb herself, I summoned her 
body, and we waited a little while for another group to come thru 
working their way down, followed them as I had earlier to the temple, 
then repeated my harmshield trick to clear the way for her to run out 
with me on her tail.

Mission complete.  We discussed plans to get some more guildmates and go 
hunt SF spells again, but another epic call intervened; a cleric 
guildmate was having trouble killing the placeholders for lord Bergurgle 
  and really concerned that he'd be unable to kill if he did spawn.

When I got there, I found he had a bard bot boxed, but was unable to 
actually play the bard, he was using it as a constant source of EB and 
occaisionally a mana battery.  A guild necromancer showed up as well, 
and we settled in for a long wait.  LONG wait.  Ten tainted goblins, 
seven of which popped corrupted, two of which rotted; every druid in the 
guild who was logged on got theirs, and a couple passerbys as well. 
Finally eleven hours later, just as I was about to give up and log 
despite being unable to find a replacement, on the very final spawn.... 
Lord Bergurgle.  I fought him in his room, with an enchanter chain 
stunning, me bashing, and the cleric healing (unbelievably, the cleric 
had only a single stun spell in his book... my cleric soloed lord B 
using chain stuns and the Unswerving hammer, admittedly this guy was a 
couple levels too low for the latter, but still.)

Crown dropped, I swam out to the island and logged on dry land and 
crawled off to bed.

Kumba f*cking ya.

Berg, 55 SK, Combine


