From 8473790464707628250
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d358a0383a23e86,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 18 Dec 2004 12:40:42 -0600
Date: Sat, 18 Dec 2004 13:40:41 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: A day in AO
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <GoOdnVE3IK435FncRVn-iw@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 90
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.129
X-Trace: sv3-3Jat6MtZgRTfgcMWlJClj5di+6NUdkg8/xosWZQwj7DtF+N/2ZPJd16U4XcL/2anTSuNJ00zG3qeGWc!oAhs35TwToksOMImyii/KNpFkk6iK7mUKQ4tZi5p3wUSKW/23GMRjqvK7HumJieNYyhDiuHRMWa8
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:27204

So after a bit more than 24 hours I managed to get AO up and running.

My first time logging in, I didn't see the login choice part, so I went 
to the default server.

Start out with a movie, then you pick a breed, appearance, and 
profession.  I went with a solitus adventurer to start out, which is to 
say a human in what might be the most generic class.

First thing you do is... nothing.  A zone you run around in where some 
people try and talk you into joining one side or the other, or staying 
nuetral.  Then you go out one of a set of doors, depending on which side 
you pick, or you can go to the Shadowlands... only with the free set you 
can't go shadowlands, and they've eliminated the ability to pick clan or 
omni at this point, so you really only have one choice.

Then you go into a new zone where you can do even less; its a one room 
shuttle which you are taking down to the surface, but it gets shot up 
and wrecks.  So, exit this zone and you enter the newbie island.

There, you finally get access to your inventory, so I got out a pair of 
pistols and talked to the starting NPC, then went off to shore and got a 
beginner quest and started playing.  Combat, at this stage, consisted of 
picking a target, starting the fight, and hoping for the best.  I did 
ok, but not great, managed to level up, then finally looked at my 
skills; turns out I had missed a very important part of character 
generation, SPENDING those points.  At level 1 you have the ability to 
buy literally hundreds of points in skills and abilities, and thats most 
of how the game system works.  I'm lucky I got anywhere at all without 
spending any points.

Items, in AO, can only be equipped if you meet certain minimum skills 
and stats; its as though you had weapons in EQ which required at least a 
70 str and 90 dex and 30 1hb and 20 dual weild.  Some also work only for 
someone in a certain class, or of a certain faction.  The few basic 
items you start with don't have much by way of restrictions, but even 
the lowliest drops off the things you kill do.

When you die in AO, you respawn somewhat injured back at your starting 
position.  This happened to me several times, especially at first, when 
I didn't know how to find my own hp bar and so I'd run out to fight 
badly injured, making it pretty likely I'd die again.

Eventually I got stuck trying to fulfil a quest, and logged out... then 
I found I couldn't log back in.  No way, no how.  Eventually I realized 
there was another server.  This one was far easier to log into... 
probably because it wasn't flooded with hundreds of people trying out 
their free accounts, since like me they mostly ended up in the default 
server.

This time I made a nano engineer; a weak but intelligent breed, and a 
pet specialist profession.  This was even more bewildering to try and 
run than the adventurer, but at least I had many of the basics figured 
out.  I leveled up relatively quickly compared to the first time thru, 
and finished most of the quests on the island.  Finally at level 5, I 
joined up with the clan and left the newbie place, which is a one way 
ticket out; didn't do much in the "real world" but a little shopping, 
though.

This morning, I went back to my adventurer, and was impressed at how 
much easier he was to run, and how much more effective.  My Engineer had 
  a hard time taking down some yellows, the adventurer on the other hand 
can mow thru orange.

I've yet to team up, and have spent more than half my play time just 
trying to figure out the interface itself, which is full of little 
oddities that tend to seem self explanitory -after- you figure them out, 
but a complete mystery beforehand.  I still have a stack of things I 
don't know how to do, many of them probably the same sort of "oh that 
should have been obvious". And who knows how many things I'm currently 
doing in a needlessly complicated way, or even doing wrong.

Is the game fun?  Well sort of.  I hate it less than I hated EQ1 the 
first time I tried it, does that count?  I won't even try to render a 
real opinion till I have a week or two under my belt.

Oh, there are either two or three servers, and you can have a total of 8 
characters (not 8 per server ala EQ1, but better than total 4 ala EQ2). 
  Due to the skill system, it looks like there are quite a few possible 
variations on the basic professions, but they aren't discrete the way 
EQ2's are, with classes that split into subclasses at 10 and 20.

I'm thinking, for example, that my choice of adventurer specialized in 
ranged combat was silly, as I'll likely solo a lot (I spent about half 
of any class I played in EQ1 soloing); this means that I get the mobs 
mad at me, they come running over, and there I am toe to toe with them. 
  I might as well be using melee weapons, which don't suffer from ammo 
problems!

Lance


