From -7954318891923280142
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1e62e8793d504143
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-05-29 18:36:36 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news1.optus.net.au!optus!bunyip.cc.uq.edu.au!not-for-mail
From: "Rastus" <nospam@mailbox.uq.edu.au>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: NBG or MBF
Date: Thu, 30 May 2002 11:39:21 +1000
Organization: University of Queensland
Lines: 106
Message-ID: <ad3vn2$tok$1@bunyip.cc.uq.edu.au>
References: <bf75681.0205290614.6a885821@posting.google.com> <fcc23e2.0205291156.567e2775@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: hd-helpdesk2.its.uq.edu.au
X-Trace: bunyip.cc.uq.edu.au 1022722594 30484 130.102.153.2 (30 May 2002 01:36:34 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: news@uq.edu.au
NNTP-Posting-Date: 30 May 2002 01:36:34 GMT
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:199206

> 1) No person in EQ needs anything.  Each item gained is a luxury that
> aids in buffing up your toon to make him stronger, faster, more
> skilled, etc.  But nothing like food, water, air, shelter exist.
> Hence, there is really no thing such as "need" in EQ, at least not in
> the context of what we think of in RL (where need generally means the
> basics elements required to sustain life).

You have perchance noticed it is a virtual world haven't you? Your
simplistic concept of "need" cannot be directly applied within EQ since it
doesn't exist <within> EQ at all. You don't "need" spells any more than a
mellee needs a sheild. Mr XX over there is dead - he needed healing, who
cares, he's a putz. Hang on - actually, he didn't need healing at all, maybe
he needs a bath but that's as far as his "needs" goes. Now please can you
expand on why you chose such a simplistic definition of "need"?  The
underlying concept behind the NBG principle is more just than the dictionary
definition of it's component words anyway. Who can equip the item? Who can
use it - like now, being that the item is an upgrade to an existing item or
to fill an empty spot? It heralds from roots no more complex than simple
consideration to others. Lightweight loot - to the monk, he can't carry
coin. Words to the necro. Pages to the Chanter. This place dropping ore -
hey, this fella is a smith, what do you know? It is just "what goes around
comes around" and "do unto others". It's common sense. the only reason it
falls over so often is that common sense isn't (common).

> 2) Items have no "inherent" value of their own.  Each item's value
> resides only in its usefulness to someone.  An item's value may be
> immediate (equipping it right away), or delayed (giving it to an alt
> at some other point, selling or trading it to buy something you can
> better use, etc.)

NBG just puts a priority on immediate value over delayed, it's as simple as
that.

> 3) In pick-up groups, the emphasis is not on outfitting or benefitting
> any one particular person, unless this is stated up front.  Therefore,
> each member has an equal right to gain from the group encounters.
> Members may choose to give their winnings to others in the group (or
> others outside the group, for that matter).  But this is not expected,
> nor required of any member.

Ah - so your the definitve source of all information on why members group -
and what purpose a specific type of group has are you? Is that arrogance I
detect or in my stupidity is there something major I am missing?

> With these assumtions, I must come to the logical conclusion that it
> is just as "fair" to random on an item you cannot use immediately as
> one you can use immediately.  Either way, the item has value to you
> because either 1) You can use it or 2) You can sell/trade it for
> something you CAN use.  Therefore, if you participated in the group,
> and an item that has value to you (either immediate or delayed value)
> drops, you have just as much right to roll on it as anyone else does.
> If you still believe in NBG in pickup groups, then you must be doing
> one of 3 things:

Your basing a logical argument on assumptions?

> 1) Interpreting my assumptions to come up with a different conclusion
> from my own.  If this is true, I would be please to hear your side of
> it, as I'm always open to logical arguement that demonstrates a valid
> and different point of view from my own.

Your assumptions are your own - each person has his own set.

> 2) Disagree with my assumptions.  In this case, please tell us which
> ones you diagree with and why.

I neither agree or disagree with your assumptions. They are yours and
irrellevent to me, just as mine are irrellevent to anyone else. I would not
attempt to base any argument - let alone one professing to be a logical
argument, on assumptions.

> 3) Not thinking in a logical manner.  In which case, your opinion is
> little more than an emotional whine, and will have no impact in
> changing someone's point of view, which I believe is one of the mains
> purposes of debate (which I assume we are engaging in).

You have not provided a logical argument yourself. You have just presented
your own opinion in a manner pretending to be based on logic and reason, and
yes, your opinion just like mine and little more than an emotional whine.
Any "logical" argument based soley on assumptions you have made yourself is
just an opinion, but you knew that already didn't you? Or were just
pretending to be clever?

> In any case, I think those who berate this person for his point of
> view, without providing any support for their own, are fools.

Yes - I am a fool. I have long known this. There is one thing that even this
fool can tell you though and that it is somewhat desirable to throw a fact
into a logical argument occasionally. I do not pretend to be making logical
arguments because I fully know I am relying solely on my own assumptions and
perception. What I do is offer my own opinion as it is. I believe it to be
based on common sense but that in itself is just my opinion as well.

> If you
> insist on being rude to people, at least have the intelligence to
> defend your opinions.

Catch 22? You can only be rude if you are truly intelligence, yet if you had
true intelligence why would you be rude? I like that sentence, it has a
certain black comedy to it - like "If you insist on being such a clean freak
the least you can is stick you nose up my ass".

: )





