From 8529983054706710594
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5b63832fc8689a9a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews2.google.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 43: The Wayfarers
Date: 25 Aug 2004 13:08:36 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 95
Message-ID: <cgirk4$1ad@odbk17.prod.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: odbk17.prod.google.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1093464516 4496 127.0.0.1 (25 Aug 2004 20:08:36 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 25 Aug 2004 20:08:36 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14646

Tales of Loral
Chapter 43: The Wayfarers

The two elves glanced nervously about the crowded inn. They did not
much enjoy leaving their fair wood of the Faydark but their most recent
employment demanded it. Leaving the wood was bad enough but traveling
through the Spires to the moon of Luclin was even more disturbing.

Talamiin, the older of the two and a seasoned warrior, spoke little as
he sat hunched over his untouched ale. He glanced at the adventurers
entering the tavern, hoping to finish this job and be done with it.

"Have you met him before?" Silvian, the younger and far more eager elf,
asked. Talamiin shook his head. "The guards of Felwithe speak of him."
Silvian continued, not noticing his companion's disinterest. "He is a
high priest with both Exarch and Archon titles of the church," Silvian
continued. "He has been in the wilds since the discovery of Kunark. He
only returns to resupply himself and report to the church. He is
usually back out within twelve hours. The loose lipped acolytes say
that every promotion or title has been an attempt to bring him back.
Most priests his age have either returned to Felwithe or left the
church. But he won't come back and he won't leave."

"There are darker rumors as well." Silvian lowered his voice. "Some say
he consorts with demons and other dark powers. He has traveled with
ogres, trolls, even Tier'dal, at one time or another. But he is still
an agent of the Church, probably one of their best it is said."

"He is a murderer and a monster," the older elf spoke suddenly. "Three
years ago he killed a fellow cleric who interrupted one of his dark
rituals. The church says he was under a curse, but I think they still
needed him rather than have him beheaded as he should have been. It
doesn't matter. Here he is."

Silvian looked to the door and saw the cloaked figure enter. He was
tall and stood straight. From under his hood he beheld the room through
a pair of multi-colored spectacles. Behind the curious spectacles,
Silvian saw his cold blue eyes, eyes that seemed to stare beyond the
walls of the room. Silvian saw Loral's golden armor under his cloak,
tarnished with weeks of travel. Loral's eyes locked onto the two elves
as he approached their table. Silvian nodded to the priest and raised
two fingers to his chest in a sign of blessing to the Mother of All,
Tunare. Loral casually returned the gesture. Talamiin did nothing.

"I hear you have information for me." Loral's voice sent shivers
through Silvian. He became aware that he was looking at the same high
elf that had faced the rulers of Kunark, had battled against the devils
of the outer planes, had defeated the avatars of no less than twelve
gods, four of them elder gods, and had faced and returned from the
trials of the dragons of the Claws.

Talamiin kicked Silvian's chair and Silvian jumped. Talamiin nodded to
him to give their information. Silvian was aware of Talamiin's dislike
of the priest and he was aware that Loral was aware. It seemed not to
concern Loral, and Silvian began his tale.

"The Wayfarers have agents in every known city of Norrath. They do not
attempt to hide their presence but their popularity gives them access
to a vast amount of information. They have wizards and telepaths to
share information among their agents and their camps." Silvian paused
for a moment. "In three months the Wayfarers have become the most well
informed, well connected, well financed, and with their mercenary force
of adventurers, the most powerful organization of Norrath."

Loral looked down to the table for a moment, considering the words.
Then he spoke again.

"Where do they come from?"

"Their leader is a barbarian rogue named Mordin Rasp. He and some
adventurer friends of his formed the core of the Wayfarers. They seem
to have a limitless supply of magical artifacts which they reward to
adventurers who work for them. Their job seems honorable enough."
Silvian paused again, carefully considering his next words. "Felwithe
has supported their cause."

Loral's eyes shot up, locking hard onto Silvian's. Silvian stiffened,
not expecting such a quick and powerful reaction to his subtle
implication. He was not accusing Loral of subversion, but why would the
priest hire them to look into a situation Felwithe had already
dismissed.

"A group shows up out of nowhere. In two months its agents infiltrate
every city. Their camps become small towns visited by the most powerful
hunters of our world. They are rich, powerful, and better connected
than any other organization. As soon as they appear, dens of some of
the worst evil we have ever seen suddenly appear. We do not know where
they come from, we do not know what they want, and no one questions
their appearance. Felwithe may not be worried, but I am."

Loral reached under his cloak and dropped a bag onto the table. Silvian
sat with his mouth agape as Loral stood and left. He looked to his
companion and saw a smile on Talamiin's face.
"I may have been wrong about him after all."



