From -995978802025877387
X-Google-Thread: fb739,abe0f827833d4265,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news-north.connect.com.au!news1.optus.net.au!optus!news.uwa.edu.au!not-for-mail
From: Hughie MacAngus <hughie-200410@grfb.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: No, I will not play your new MMORPG
Date: Mon, 25 Oct 2004 21:13:51 +0000 (UTC)
Organization: The University of Western Australia
Lines: 177
Message-ID: <cljqad$slp$1@enyo.uwa.edu.au>
NNTP-Posting-Host: mussel.ucc.gu.uwa.edu.au
X-Trace: enyo.uwa.edu.au 1098738831 29369 130.95.13.18 (25 Oct 2004 21:13:51 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: usenet@enyo.uwa.edu.au
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 25 Oct 2004 21:13:51 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: tin/1.7.6-20040812 ("Gighay") (UNIX) (Linux/2.4.27-grsec (i686))
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:20814

OK, so it appears they've just announced the very imminent release of
EQ2. I for one have no intention of picking it up. Neither will I be
getting WoW. This comes as a very great shock to me - six months ago I
would have told you I was excited for one or both.

What happened? Well, let me start from the beginning. (this is a long
post, rambling and devoid of much original thought; skip now if you have
an MTV-style attention span) 

I came from a long mudding background. Some time just post-Velious, I
was introduced to EQ by some friends and co-workers. Playing at their
place at first on a spare account, it didn't grab me at first. It seemed
hokey, and ugly, and I died a lot to bugs (insects, not code) for no
apparent reason. Then one day it grabbed me. Probably it was when I
started a Barbarian up in frosty Halas, and saw some people with the
amazingly cool Polar-Bear Head hats. I longed for one of these hats.
Thinking it was one particular hat - over the course of my newbie levels
I asked lots of people where to find one. Nobody would tell me (they must
have been playing ignore the n00b), and when I finally found out it was
just the generic leather helm look for Barbs, I was a little sad.
Except of course that meant I could wear one, so it wasn't all bad news,
and by that time the EQ thing was firmly entrenched in my brain.

So, I levelled a bunch of characters up to not-particularly-high,
generally having a blast. The Vision was running the world at this time,
and while I applaud some of the more world-y aspects of it, it did take
it's toll on me:

* Spellbook medding. In theory, I don't really mind this so much (with
the caveat that it goes away after a certain number of levels). In
practice - due to crappy monitor, crappy eyesight, and crappy
customisable interface, I was unable to get the text colours to a point
where I could read them both in full-screen mode, and small-screen
(spellbook) mode. So as a caster in groups, I couldn't see well enough
to keep up a conversation, which meant I didn't make too many in-game
friends, which connects to my next problem:

* Too much travel, not enough groups:
Compound my lack of in game friends (and my out-of-game friends all
being too high level for me), generally being in completely the wrong
time zone for most of the server (except for guilds who didn't share a
common language with me), way way too much time spent travelling on
boats and running, and I'd always end up LFG. So I would tend to play
solo classes more, and solo a bunch, and group less, and continue to
make no friends. Oh, I was truely a massively singleplayer online gamer.

I did manage to join a couple of guilds. One promptly disintegrated when
a bunch of the higher levels wanted to turn it into a raiding guild
(compared to the all-level casual family guild it was), and left -
actually, it has since rebuilt once or twice and is now a raiding guild.
Another guild I joined, only to switch to playing DAoC for a little
while. When I got back, the guild didn't seem to exist anymore.

So I continued to play, mostly on my own. Luclin was released, and got
rid of my beloved Polar Bear hats (I wasn't even playing a Barb at this
point, but it's symbolic, you see), and slowly the magic was gone. One
day I realised I hadn't logged in for a couple of weeks, and cancelled
my account before the addiction could kick back in.

Fast forward a few MMORPG-less years, to early this year. I don't even
have a PC at this point, but being temporarily a gentleman of leisure,
and having a Mac, I got a lot of web browsing done. Checking out the
state of the MMORPG industry one day, I saw City of Heroes. I remembered
reading about this a long time ago, but dismissed it at the time as
"Hey, that would be cool, but I don't think it will work." (my same
thoughts about SWG). But somehow, reading about it nearing completion,
I was kind of interested. On a road trip, I mentioned it to my
brother-in-law, who is a major comics fan, but he was instantly dismissive
of the whole 'online world' genre, not seeing the point of paying an
ongoing monthly fee for a game.

Anyway, almost immediately, Mr No-Monthly-Fee has preordered CoH, and is
in the beta. He raves about it constantly, and lets me play around a
little when I visit his place. After a couple of months, even my wife is
digging it, and so we acquire a new PC and sign up. And it's a lot of
fun. The costumes, the powers, the dancing around boomboxes.
Unfortunately we only got one PC, so my wife and I had to tag-team. Next
time, two PCs for sure. This was her first MMORPG too, and she had a
ball coming home from work and relieving her stress on the hapless
minions of evil[1].

But after a few months, it began to pale. Even playing with friends
(in-game and out-game - for I had no MSORPG problem this time), it was
getting old fast. The game just didn't have the depth that I needed, and
occasionally I felt myself longing for some of the more exciting EQ
moments (I'd forgotten about the boat riding, by this point) - the
narrowly avoided wipes (which exist in CoH, but seem more random); the
wipes and subsequent corpse retrievals (in the days where someone
rescuing you with a high level cleric/rogue/whatever was the exception
rather than the norm), and just generally far more stuff to do, and a
more involving world. With worse graphics, I grant you.

So we cancelled, I was done. My brother-in-law is still playing, and
doesn't understand what I find lacking in it. More power to him - I've
said I'll revisit it in a few expansions time, when they've added some
depth. I hope they can, I'd really like to play CoH again and have fun.

So one night, I think nostalgically about EQ a little. The discs are
lost (in storage, somewhere in another country), but there's that old
patcher trick... so I download it, patch myself up an entire game (OK,
this step took overnight) reactivate my account, and there are my old
toons staring at me. My highest level (40-something Monk), in the
bazaar, where I'd stripped all the equip and gear for a friend, when I'd
quit. Damnit. And he's not playing anymore, so I can't get a refund. But
still, I have a naked Monk (with some not bad no-drop gear), and I can
see some prices in the bazaar, so I head off to farm for tradeskill gear
for plat. Which worked just fine - I could still farm like a machine.
But oh my, the monk nerf. I wasn't too sure I wanted to continue with
that toon, nerfed and minus gear. Time for a fresh start - aside from
some levels gained on the monk during farming, I haven't put a single
new level on any of my old characters. I started a new one, and went to
see the world of Norrath anew (albeit midly twinked). And oh, the fun I
had. I have absolutely no idea how to explain it, but it was fun again.
Maybe it was just simply the complete lack of endless boat rides, and
the LFG tool that got me groups quickly. And the players on at the same
time as me... it felt like a new world, which lots of stuff to do. And I
didn't even have any of the expansions I'd missed (PoP onwards). But I
picked up the Platinum pack, and had fun in the LDoN zones (oddly, the
bit that's most like CoH). I even levelled through zones in the old
world I'd never been to (eg - almost all of Faydwer), doing quests, in
pickup groups, and yes, still soloing a little from time to time. And
I've developed a bunch of friendships with new people - there's a spot
in a group with decent people open for me any time I want it. I'm also in
a brand new guild, which is, honestly, still trying to reach the "beginning
raiding guild" level.

But we're trying, and damnit, it's fun.

So I know this makes me completely different from an awful lot of
EQ players out there - I've yet to see everything there is. I'm not
level 65+. But I will be. I don't have 200+ AAs yet. But I might get my
first AA title this week. I don't have any elemental flags yet, but I am
keyed for a couple of Kunark zones. I haven't even killed Naggy or Vox.
I tried a couple of times, but we wiped, and now I'm too high. I'll give
it a shot with my next character through that level range though.

I'm guessing there'll be a noticeable impact to our server population
with both EQ2 and WoW coming out. I don't expect it'll be anywhere near
the "OMG! Server merge please!" level any time soon. But you know, even
if half the population leaves, I'll still be trying to see that next bit
of content. I'm hoping most of my guild will stick around too, for
whatever reason they might have.

But what's so special about "the next bit of content" in EQ? There's a
whole lot of content coming up in new games, isn't there? Why not go see
that instead? That's another question that's hard to justify. There's no
magic difference between the games that says I have to see everything in
this one, and the others can wait. Why not just try out EQ2 or WoW?

Well, I've read the beta threads for EQ2, and I played in the stress
test for Warcraft. Neither of these have given me an "I must play this
game" feeling. There are features that seem to be both good and bad in
each upcoming game. I'd like to see how they play out. Release is an
entirely different animal from beta, and I guess my whole point sums up
as:

EQ may be stale to some, but it has millions of player-days worth of
refinements.
or
Oh hell no, I won't play your "released" unfinished game.

Hugh


[1] CoH anecdote that needs a footnote:
Mrs MacAngus was playing, mostly solo, and started to help out this
particular player (or maybe he helped her out, doesn't matter). Anyway,
they chatted for a bit (which is always nice; too many people say "thx"
and run off), and then she tells me he's invited her to join his
supergroup (CoH guild). As he seemed a decent sort, she agrees. I'm
watching over her shoulder as she hits "Accept", and opens up the
supergroup window to reveal her new supergroup's name is...

"ToTaL oWnAgE"

I nearly hurt myself laughing. She claimed she hadn't read it properly
before joining...


