From 6546675374029298042
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3ad4ed4754f6aa98,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-09 05:22:17 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.mel.connect.com.au!news.xtra.co.nz!newsfeed01.tsnz.net!ken-transit.news.telstra.net!news.telstra.net!news-server.bigpond.net.au!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Hicks" <nospam@forme.please>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Kuloth's Big Day
Lines: 149
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <2yj3c.95616$Wa.82662@news-server.bigpond.net.au>
Date: Tue, 09 Mar 2004 13:22:06 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.45.12.177
X-Complaints-To: abuse@bigpond.net.au
X-Trace: news-server.bigpond.net.au 1078838526 203.45.12.177 (Wed, 10 Mar 2004 00:22:06 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 10 Mar 2004 00:22:06 EST
Organization: BigPond Internet Services
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:22768

I logged in late on saturday night and started tracking my friends down -
once again they were in PoS trying to quest the Tactics key (damn fine idea
being that our guild is only just beginning planar progression but RATHER
dull - why is sony so obsessed with using Boredom to limit demand?). I ran
in to join them in time to kill one mob and have them announce that they
were packing up. Ah well, waste of a run, but maybe we'll have some fun now!

After some discussion, I convince my shammy friend (for whom it is also 1am)
to do an EF LDoN with me. I'm still working on the nice legs from EF (5 to
go at that point), having obtained the Tak BP only recently - so Miragul's
is kind of my default location these days. We begin assembling a team, and
one of our guildleaders joins - our MT in fact. That's good in one way
because it means I can lock my SK in pure DPS mode, and bad in another in
that he makes me more or less completely redundant to the group. Still, on
the whole, im ok with it, being that I get 51 points whether I pull and
tank, or add mediocre DPS.

Then everything gets turned on its head.

Our two guildleaders realise we have 3 groups of high 60's online, and
abruptly decide we're going to do a minor raid.

http://eqbeastiary.allakhazam.com/search.shtml?id=11290

Mujaki the Devourer. I'd never heard of him before, but my shammy friend
(who bots his OLD main - a pally who is now hundreds of hp ahead of me)
tells me it will be a fun encounter since we will need 3 tanks for the
pre-encounter-encounters. Holy crap eh, actually TANKING on a raid? Even if
it is only minor mobs and not the main boss dude?

The usual briefing begins - we are split into 3.5 groups (none of the groups
are full though). We will clear to the event area, then each main group will
smack down a series of spawns. The fourth mini group will act as a roving
reserve, providing support where its needed. We will then assemble and
engage the Mujaki. Instructions even an SK can understand.

We begin idly smashing our way through PoN. The waterfall vaporises before
our forces. We skirt around the nightstalkers and jump down a cliff,
engaging some globs of snot whose name i don't recall. Then we run somewhere
or other and hit a lot of spiders, including some sort of rare named. I
don't really notice where we are or where we're going because my eyes are
constantly on the MT, watching his pull messages and reacting with the
correctly timed assists and casts. If I assist too early I stuff up his
pull-track. There's no major problem with me stealing agro - so long as it
doesn't force him to backtrack or something - as these mobs are like paper
before us. So I pour on the DPS as only an SK can. Which is to say, somewhat
less impressively than a mage. ('s pet).

Anyhow, we clear the castle area with the highly technical method of
building the largest train imaginable and letting CC handle it. Oh to be a
warrior... anyway. We assemble around Etumer under strict instructions not
to talk to him, and med up.

This kind of pause always reminds me of Aliens, when they're in the drop box
on the way down. Somebody wake up Hicks.

In due course, we are re-briefed, and teleported into place. My group leader
runs us to our gravestone - where a mob has spawned. True to the plan, I
snare his evil looking butt. Immune to snare. Ah well, that's a lot of free
agro.

Aside from being immune to all of my spells bar the lifetaps and the undead
nuke (could we have found out they were undead EARLIER?), the mobs hit like
weenie girls and die like flies - except when they come in pairs and your
group's healer is somebody else's bot whose main is in another group and
they're not watching the screen. Thinking I'd have no greater need, I used
leechcurse (all my 2H DPS turns vampiric and heals me, also 2x probability
to hit on each swing) to keep my HP up while somebody woke up the bot
cleric.

Despite a series of double spawns and some really exciting healing, we eat
our way through. None of the mobs get past any of the groups. We assemble
for the main event.

And everything gets turned on its head.

During the final pull, our raid leader goes abruptly linkdead. I get a sick
feeling, knowing he and the MT frequently play from the same house - and
sure enough, our MT appears to have his back turned to the mob and isn't
moving. In a weird kind of slow motion, Mujaki the Devourer turns around and
smashes the rampage tank flat in three seconds. 7500hp of surprised pally
meat. And suddenly, we're out of tanks.

Except one.

Standing alone again in a crowd of friends and allies, Kuloth looked across
the short space of time and earth to the terrible foe.

And deep within his soul, he heard an awful, familiar voice. The crushing
Voice of Innoruuk.

"The time has come."

And though the sky turned black to greet the event, Kuloth stepped forth and
Took Agro. Could it be fate, or devile intervention, or possibly the fact
that slow had landed - but somehow I survived the first few rounds. Then,
out of nowhere, our raid leader re-appeared and told everybody to target me
and heal.

Reacting on instinct at first, but quickly remembering the rules, I pulled
Mujaki slightly away from the crowd, helping the DPS types and their pets to
stay behind. Mujaki casts a single target fear, which can cause problems for
a tank holding agro, but nothing - nothing in all the planes - holds agro
like an enraged shadowknight. Mujaki drowned in hate, awash with dread, and
summoned back the very creature he sent away - for he could not stand to let
the object of his hatred escape.

But escape was not his plan.

I've never had that much damage being done to me before (well, this one
time, in BoT... nevermind), or that much sheer healing power focused on me.
It was insane and new and wonderful, as was the incredibly slow-crawling
hitpoint bar of this monstrous devil that stood before me, pounding away. I
landed my lifetap over time, for what it was worth, and wished I had kept
leechcurse in reserve - but everything was ok, really. And then it hit me -
after sixty five levels, sixty-eight AA points, eighteen months of
EverQuest, and almost giving up hope of ever fullfilling every tank's true
dream - I was tanking a raid mob. I can't describe the feeling, but it had
me in tears.

"You're doing great Kul" my group leader intoned. "But do you think you
could get him off the wall?"

Weeks of tanking in the confines of Veksar had taught me well. I pulled
back, was summoned, and pulled back again without pause. Rujaki the Devourer
followed, with a small crowd of heroes behind.

"Easy"

It wasn't quite the perfect picture - we only had two clerics, who were
spamming fast heals onto a tank neither of them had healed during a raid
before. We had a few other healers - a druid and a shammy or three, but I
remember seeing a lot of "LoM" messages before our MT returned. I stopped
pumping in the agro, and a few short mintues later, the warrior had Mujaki
all to himself. It wasn't easy, and it didn't feel good, but I never did
want to tank just to be the center of attention... I guess it's all tied up
in the heroic sacrifice ethos for me.

Anyway, we smashed our way through the last few % and he fell. Some earring
thingumies were handed out, and some other sort of novelty sock thingo.

I may be the only one who remembers in a week's time, but I will never
forget the time Kuloth tanked for a raid.

Kuloth
65 Badass
Povar




