From -5885109291486179752
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,31d7fe1bdd031ab6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-25 13:37:18 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news0.telusplanet.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "James" <jamesgrahame@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3bd74fae$0$9822$afc38c87@news.optusnet.com.au>
Subject: Re: Can a cleric duel very well?
Lines: 138
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 4.72.3110.1
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Message-ID: <1K_B7.48813$Og4.6084445@news0.telusplanet.net>
Date: Thu, 25 Oct 2001 20:37:17 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.72.152
X-Trace: news0.telusplanet.net 1004042237 216.232.72.152 (Thu, 25 Oct 2001 14:37:17 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 25 Oct 2001 14:37:17 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:129465


Stephen Brinkworth wrote in message
<3bd74fae$0$9822$afc38c87@news.optusnet.com.au>...
>
>Recenetly I've been playing a cleric, currently high teens.
>
>For some reason seem to be running into more "idiots" in the game than I
>used to, possibly because I am hunting in different areas than before, or I
>have run into one person with a number of characters in the same area.

    They aren't idiots. They are leeches. They know that soloing, then
getting heals for free from a nearby cleric makes for faster advancement
than having you grouped with them. This sort of moron has been around for
some time, and shows no sign of going away.

>3 times now I have had players higher level than me (2-4 levels higher) try
>to duel me, mainly because I wouldn't heal/buf them when I was burning mana
>on my group (and these guys where all solo).  For some reason they all
>seemed to think if I am the only cleric in the zone, then I should be
>healing/buffing anyone who wanders by.

    Tell them to get lost, that you owe them squat and that's what you're
giving them. Then put them on /ignore. People like this are not worth
knowing or adventuring with, since they tend to be VERY self-centered. One
such person I knew was a heal sponge in Cazic Thule, always saying "heal
plz" then "HEAL PLZ" if you didn't snap to it. Later, on a Hate raid where
he was main tanking, when he got low on health and was facing death he
started running around to avoid being killed. He nearly aggroed the corner
spawns in the SW corner. This was the MAIN TANK on the raid acting like
this.

>If I have spare mana, then I am happy to heal/buf.

    Sounds cruel, but stop doing this. If one person sees it, they all
expect it. If you're not adventuring, buff away - but when grouped, hold
mana for the group and ALWAYS ask them for permission to heal/buff/res
anyone outside the group. That way your group can't complain if helping
outsiders slows them down.

>But these twits abused me in /tell that I was not being friendly.

    That's like the people who want all the loot saying that you're being
greedy when you ask for some. They use an emotional hotbutton word to try
and win a debate they know they can't win morally.

>And then they try to duel me!

    Many people think that a duel must be accepted, and use it to intimidate
others either not knowing that the other person can simply ignore them, or
hoping the other person doesn't know. I ran into this once: this is what
evil me did.

    Orc camp near Nek zone in EC, my baby shaman. Orc camp is mostly green,
some blue, so I pull the odd blue orc - mostly pulling passing mobs, as
they're bluer. (Not twinked enough to be a mob blender at this point.) The
group there isn't pulling fast enough to do anything but the orcs, and they
aren't having any problems with me pulling the big ones that would cream
them (they're lower level). Then a twink monk joins them, sees me pull one
of HIS orcs, and /says to me "No pulling my orcs, you can GO NOW" followed
by a /duel. So I stop pulling orcs for a very short while, until a few big
ones have built up. He pulls, gets a few nasties on him (he's main tank),
and as soon as I see him hit low life I /accept and nuke him into an ice
cube. He ranted about how "She cheated!!" when he got back to the zone, but
as soon as the first EC seller shouted back "STFU n00b, like we care", he
shut up. And I continued pulling orcs.

    You can accept at any time. Be sure to remind the person who challenged
you of this. "Hmm, you do realize I can accept when you're low on life and
wipe you out before you know what's happening, right? You'd better camp or
zone." If they're smart, they'll go - and you've just run them off, at least
for a short time. They also know you know what you're doing and won't stand
being messed with. The true morons will utter some threat that's
/petitionable, which is the next step.

    And if you're vindictive like me? Remember that you can accept the duel
while casting that first nuke, so start to nuke, and at the last moment
/accept. That way you get in the first shot, and if you pick the time right
(like when they're very low on life after a big fight) you can rout them
quickly.

>2-4 levels higher than me.  One was a necro, others
>warrirors.   I declined.  don't like PvP, if I did was on a PvP server.
>
>But thinking about it, could I have beaten at least the warriors?
Strategy
>would have to be something like this:

    At your level, if they were low on life you could have taken them, or if
you got friendly buffs from your party (like a damage shield - those REALLY
hurt melees). Otherwise, no - warriors have high innate magic resistance,
and a ton of HPs. Since a lot of your damage is not melee, but rather
magic-based nukes, they hold the upper hand. You CAN start casting Flash of
Light to blind them, and then whack on them a lot (the preferred method),
but as a cleric fighting a warrior it'll take forever to kill them unless
they started low on life. And once you run out of mana, or get a string of
resists on Flash of Light, it's over.

    Even though the necro is about as solid a PvP class as exists, you have
a better chance against one. Root the pet, Flash of Light to blind the
necro, then nuke him down. His MR will likely be low (you can always inspect
him beforehand to see if he has any gear on that helps), and he has very low
HPs. Also, he likely doesn't know how to cast spells on you when blind - if
he does, you're in trouble. Be sure to have two nukes memmed (most recent,
and second most recent) so you can keep nuking rather than wait for the
refill time on the first. Some of the low-level cleric nukes like Furor are
actually excellent for interrupting a caster, more so than our stuns, in
PvP.


>1.  Bind somewhere close, but where the opponent doesn't know where I am.
>Also safe enough to med.
>
>2.  Let the fight begin
>
>3.  Root him    Hope  like hell it works
>
>4.  DD spells until Low mana
>
>5.  Gate to med spot
>
>6.  Med
>
>7. Repeat until idiot dead

    Will take a long time, and at lower levels your Gate can be interrupted
pretty easy. If this is the only option, don't waste time on the person.

>and the Bind/Gate steps seem "unfair"
>to me, and not really nice play  (sort of like training a Necros pet to
>nearby guards so the kill it in PvP)

    It's worse - the guards will end up going after the necro, and you can
be accused of trying to inflict XP loss on the person.

    James





