From 5390888946466141589
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,c6ebd520fa9a9475,start
X-Google-Thread: 104a20,c6ebd520fa9a9475,start
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c6ebd520fa9a9475,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid100ff8,gid104a20,gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic,alt.games.everquest
Subject: OT: Game Box Nostalgia (very long and rambling)
Date: Mon, 23 Aug 2004 18:46:57 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10il7c7h6rl0636@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1437
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1441
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 171
Xref: g2news1.google.com comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:13626 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic:5438 alt.games.everquest:14389

I live in a community where once a year we open up the gates and residents
hold one massive Garage Sale that attracts people from all over the area.
It's a fun time; half-social event, half yard sale, and it brings a lot of
neighbors together into some fun and provocative discussions. Anyway, I
signed up this year because I'm finally cleaning out my computer room and I
decided I would try and sell some of my old computer game boxes that I've
been saving up for years. You have no idea how painful this was for a saver
like myself but, once the decision was made, discipline settled in and I got
to work.

I decided I would create two groups of boxes for sale. One group would be
modern-era games that anyone could run on any recent computer running
Windows. The other group was more problematic: why would any Garage Sale
shopper want to buy my copy of Kingmaker, an Avalon Hill boardgame
conversion that was made in the Dos era and might not run under Windows?
Well, I figured I could position these boxes as games that you could play on
that old Dos computer of yours that isn't able to run any of the new games
today and I made up a sign along those lines. I wound up selling more of
those than the other pile, as it turned out. One lady bought 11 Dos titles.

There were two other piles that would not be sold. First, of course, was the
pile that would remain on my shelf. Most of my newer titles, but also old
classics like Master of Magic, Ultima Underworld I & II, my original copy of
EverQuest retail, Betrayal at Krondor, and so on. I just couldn't part with
these guys, even if I don't ever play them. The other pile that didn't get
sold consisted of boxes headed straight for the trash. I hesitated a lot on
including anything in this pile, and considered the pros and cons of hauling
them to the local Half-Price Bookstore, where I could get maybe .75 to a
$1.00 per title, but ultimately concluded that it'd be easier to just trash
'em. Besides, I didn't like the thought of some poor sucker wanting to pick
up something as a gift for his kid and coming home with "Outpost" or worse.
So we turned it into a shredding event and I even picked up a couple of
jewel cases in the process while over-filling the recycling container. I'm
sure the local garbage company hates this annual event, although it's a big
boon for the local Goodwill van that rolls through on Sunday night.

As a result of these decisions, I was forced to go through a *lot* of game
boxes, sorting and confirming contents. I had a fun time observing the
evolution of game packaging over the years and remembering which designs
were good and solid, which were entertaining, and which truly reeked. You
could see how over the years the industry tried various gimmicks and
innovations initially in an attempt to distinguish their botique products,
and then more and more in an attempt to reduce costs and standardize as the
genre catapulted to mainstream status.

You had to admire the old hard cardboard giftbox style that housed games
like Wing Commander, Task Force 1942, Warcraft: Orcs & Humans, Tanks! and
even Myst. Glossy, substantial and satisfying. I loved these boxes and they
still bring back the fondest memories, but they didn't do the best job at
containing their contents and many of them were bulging from my attempts to
fill them up with patch disks, printed readme files and strategy guides. If
you remember, some of the old Origin games sold separate "Speech Packs"
(lol) that came in little tiny boxes, and I tried stuffing these inside the
orginal game boxes. You should see my box for Pacific Strike, it needs
rubber bands to hold it together (and rubber bands just to hold together the
various patch disks). But they were great looking and feeling boxes. A big
advantage was their simplicity: you just lifted off the top and there was
this open space inside for stuff. A nice big hard box, like you'd get for a
board game. No cardboard fillers or CD trays, just pure generic utility.

Then came the somewhat less impressive, but actually more useful, slip cover
boxes. These were made using slightly more fragile cardboard and had a paper
slip cover that slid over a generic (usually white) interior box. This
design probably made great sense for manufacturers because the paper slip
cover could be produced separately with easily changed artwork and text,
without having to make a whole new box. This was the era of Adventure games
and almost all my titles came in this format: Monkey Island,
King's/Police/Space Quest, Roger Wilco, Carmen Sandiego,  and so on. These
also did a good job holding in their contents with their paper girdles. I
like these, they retained most the advantages of their hard box counterparts
but were more useful, if somewhat less substantial.

At some point game boxes took a real turn for the worse when some packaging
geniuses somewhere decided that they could create a sense of greater
perceived value by packing boxes full of useless, heavy cardboard. I guess
part of the thinking was that instead of hearing disks flopping around
inside, making you wonder what you were paying for, if the disks were inset
into some stiff cardboard that added weight and kept the sliding around to a
minimum, you might think you were getting more value or something. Tearing
through this crap was never fun. The need for this stuff probably got worse
as boxes became thinner and perceived value shrunk to embarassing lows. My
little box for the original shareware Spear of Destiny could get away with
this sliding de minimis approach with one floppy and a paper registration
card inside,  but MS Flight Simulator needed *lots* of padding to justify
that big old price tag, and so the cardboard filler got more and more
substantial. Eventually it got ridiculous to the point where it was absurdly
hard to extract a CD from out of one of these boxes, you had to slide out an
elaborate cardboard contraption with an embedded CD (you couldn't do it from
the top of the box, that would be too easy). And then of course sliding the
cardboard back into the outer box was a game unto itself. Yuk. And because
these things were always packed so tightly, when you had to slide the
cardboard filler back into the box, you inevitably got stuck on an inner
flap of the outer box and you'd just keep shoving until something gave,
sometimes after trying to pull the box wide. I think this is when I started
my habit of keeping the game media and manuals handy, and storing the mostly
empty box back up on the shelf. This was my first indication that game box
utility was going south.

The cardboard revolution reached its low point with what I still think is
the worst design of them all: the single strip cardboard. I think Microsoft
must have pioneered this effiency design because I had a lot of their titles
in this format. These gems consisted of a thin, paper box. When you opened
up the top flap you saw one long piece of carboard, as wide as the depth of
the box (often about 3/4"), that ran the length of the box's internal
perimeter. You'd open the flap and see the cardboard on top, and would try
and slide the whole thing out only to find that it was just a strip that
would pull apart in your hands and didn't really do anything useful. No
containment, no prevention of jiggling, no real purpose. It was just there,
snaking its way into your hands while the contents all fell out all around
you. Ugly design. And ridiculously difficult to put back together. WTF? I
still don't understand why this type of box was ever created. The guy that
came up with this design deserves to buy that copy of Outpost from me.

And then there were all the gimmick boxes. These were kind of fun. I kept
most of them because they make such great computer room curios. The
Incredible Machine comes in this neat, Rube Goldberg kind of box that tells
its own story of what's inside. I never remember if that game was the
original, or Sid & Al's Incredible Toons, but I had them both and they both
had remarkably similar boxes. Were these different variations of the same
game or what? The Incredible Machine has the tail of a cat sticking out of
the spine, and you can actually pull it for an effect. Loved it, lol.  Wing
Commander was one of the first games to offer the notion of a "Collector's
Edition" and it came in quite a package. This was the title that epitomized
the height of the FMV fad (Full Motion Video), basically video cut-scenes
that were supposed to make us stand back and say "Wow, this is no game, this
is a movie!" And so the WCIII Collector's Edition came housed in an actual
movie reel container, just like you'd find in some studio backlot. They even
got Luke Skywalker to play the hero and shipped a "Soundtrack" CD in the
box. Gabriel Knight came in a two-piece, purple pull-apart box with some guy
hanging in a noose on the cover, and even Ultrabots came in a little
transformer-style, adjustable action-figure-of-a-box. Things got really
interesting when companies tried to outdo each other in the unique design
category and we wound up with things like triangular overhead cannisters
(Sam and Max, Day of the Tentacle). And then the holograms. Stonekeep came
in this very nice gravestone with a large Skeleton holographed right on the
front. Substantial and solid, still one of my favorites.

We all knew the day would come when all this innovation in design would give
way to convenience and standardization. The unique designs of the earlier
days were just too difficult for distribution to deal with, and as the genre
moved from small specialized outlets like Egghead and Software, Etc., to the
big superstore outlets like CompUSA, Walmart, Best Buy, and Costco, where
software had to co-exist on shelves with thousands of other product
packages, the industry finally consolidated down to the now-common small box
format. It made sense, and it certainly makes it easier for guys like me who
have to deal with rooms full of this stuff. With this move to a more
utilitarian, commoditized design, came some downsides for the gamer. Manuals
impossible to read without magnification, or worse: PDF only. The move away
from jewel cases to paper slip covers. Fewer goodies like maps, reference
cards, keyboard templates, and the various other trinkets that were standard
components of an earlier age.

Well, at least we're rid of those damned cardboard inserts, for the most
part. With the introduction of DVD players and DVD options for games (e.g.,
EverQuest II, Unreal Tournament 2004), we're back to some real lightweight
boxes with contents that slip around again. And this time they don't even
include the paper registration cards ...

-- 
Bob Perez

"Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they
quit playing."
- Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes









