From 810535981405451285
X-Google-Thread: fb739,87808fb5a4ded42e,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 14 Dec 2004 07:49:11 -0600
Date: Tue, 14 Dec 2004 08:49:05 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Nothing Changes, can that be fixed?
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <J_GdnYyOKLbKciPcRVn-rw@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 83
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.255.181
X-Trace: sv3-Q77vAfDdWnRvknTQQfTsuyTVG4Du5dR5ALLSzvl3VQS/lNLwDlLV5DlTIDdpGtedGqP9gCFzhO5QNxn!/QtbMEj7lf6QuUvcba6sOdAUlZEimnI2LoUX0BA2z3t1hQVycB4MX31GjbZ0TA9zH8EGQ1rhcOBc
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.20
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26656

MMOG's in general, and I'm mostly thinking EQ1, which is the only one I 
have personal experience with, have a problem.

In order to give content to thousands of people at once, they can't have 
mobs stay dead.  There's always another orc along to take the last one's 
place, as there are thousands of people who haven't killed that orc yet. 
  Plus, the world is simply too small to include enough orcs for even 
one character to kill his quota of them without them being replaced.

Problem is, this leads to a treadmill world, where nothing you do 
matters, where nothing changes, and the only progress you make is in 
advancing yourself.  Even then, there's no real point to doing so, 
because nothing you do as a more powerful version of yourself is going 
to make any difference either.

When instancing was introduced into EQ, it looked like a potential 
solution to this problem; you could create a zone where things could be 
changed, by allowing only the PC, or his group at any rate, to enter it, 
and by creating a situation where the next group to come along could 
simply enter an identical version of that zone on their own.  No 
crowding, no lack of things to kill.  Problem is, this also took away 
the MM part of the OG; you didn't have to deal with those other people 
anymore, the rest of EQ was simply a big chat room where you could meet 
people to go play in an instance with.  And, as I'll explain later, I 
think they missed most of the point of the instancing idea anyway; yes, 
things died inside and stayed dead, but once you left, you could pretty 
much return to the same place and do it all over again; you still had 
respawn, so nothing changed.

A compromise solution might work though, and I think one has already 
been suggested more or less: have normal zones, but with mini zones 
inside where the "boss encounters" lie, and instance the mini zones. 
Thus, everyone fights their way thru Crushbone, for example, but instead 
of waiting in line at the castle for their shot at Emporer Crush, have 
that be an instanced mini zone, if you make it that far, you zone in and 
have the castle itself to take out without competion (or outside help)

In order to give it that "he is gone" feel, all you'd have to do is make 
it so killing the Emperor flags you so that you can't enter that 
particular instance again.

To get the "and the story evolves from there" part, you create zone 
Castle B, which you enter instead of Castle A, if you've killed the 
Emperor in the past.  You could even do things like have an entire 
different Crushbone which you enter if you killed the emporer, so that 
fighting your way back out isn't as hard, with the orcs demoralized from 
having lost their leader.

In EQ1 they flirted this idea with the LOY expansion, but they did it, 
IMO, in a way opposite that needed to address these questions; instead 
of static zones with changing content, they gave us randomly selected 
zones from a single entrance, with predictable but randomly scattered 
content.  Nothing was every achieved, nothing ever really changed.

I guess the flaw with my idea comes when you introduce randomly formed 
groups; if your initial group consists of A, B, and C, and you kill off 
Crush, but then later you are in a group of A, D, and E, where neither D 
or E have killed Crush yet, can you take that group into Castle 1, where 
Crush still lives, or into Castle 2, where Crush is dead, although D and 
E haven't killed him yet.

Allowing A back into Castle 1 destroys the idea that he's actually 
accomplished something, since Crush lives again.  Allowing D and E into 
Castle 2 lets them reap the benefits of A's hard work without having 
done a thing to earn it.

I think, though, that I'd go with the latter solution; if anyone in your 
party has killed Crush, then you can't see him alive again, but there's 
no real reason that your buddies can't enter a zone where he's dead. 
Only thing is, if they do, then they too get flagged as having killed 
him.  If the rewards for killing him are access to the new zone (the POP 
solution) then this sucks, it makes things far too easy.  But if the 
rewards are looted off his dead body, or are found elsewhere as part of 
the Castle 1 script, which can't be re-entered, then its not that big a 
deal, in fact its almost a punishment for them to skip Castle 1.

There are still potential problems with this plan, but it seems to me 
that they could be ironed out or dealt with, and would allow a much more 
immersive, story feel to an MMOG world.

Is EQ2 doing something along these lines?  Some of the comments I've 
heard have hinted at it, with zones you can only enter if you have a 
quest there, quests you can't ever repeat, that sort of thing.


