From 8339933582332154576
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9f1fce13f570d29c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-17 16:33:24 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!cyclone.bc.net!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!west.cox.net!east.cox.net!cox.net!p01!lakeread01.POSTED!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Kitten with a Lute
From: Hazora <swifttail@coxNOSPAM.net>
Organization: Shar Vahl
Message-ID: <Xns9436C6F107116swifttailcoxnet@68.1.17.6>
User-Agent: Xnews/5.04.25
Lines: 92
Date: Tue, 18 Nov 2003 00:33:24 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.10.31.190
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: lakeread01 1069115604 68.10.31.190 (Mon, 17 Nov 2003 19:33:24 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2003 19:33:24 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7869

After growing bored with the pure melee of my Iksar monk, I decided to 
try something new and different and somewhat intimidating and rolled up 
a Vah Shir bard.

I love the Vah Shir, by the way; they and the Iksar are my two favorite 
EQ races, partly because I'm partial to beast races and partly because 
they have some interesting progressive quests.  Plus, with this cat, I 
have a reason to work seriously on a tradeskill that I've never 
considered before:  pottery.  I still don't understand how a good drum 
is made from a clay bowl... but then, I imagine that pottery clay is 
hell to get out of fur and from under claws, too.

The first bits were easy enough, since I've played Vah Shir before; the 
citizenship quest takes only a minute or so if you know where all the 
NPCs are, and then it was off to the pit around the city to beat on the 
creatures there.  The first few levels were made even easier because I'd 
had a little cash (less than 100 plat, actually) from my monk, so got to 
do a bit of Bazaar hunting.  The Goranga Spiked Club, LDoN WR bag, 
Shaded Belt, and Acrylia Reinforced Mask I handed down from my monk.  
For the rest, young Hazora got a Zraxthril Forged Cutlass, Shardtooth's 
Flayed Skin, and Gnome Skin Leggings.  There were probably better items 
I could have gotten, but I wasn't really worried about getting the best.

The Shadeweaver Thicket quests aren't the only way for Vah Shir to get 
armor, though I don't think it's well known.  Turning in a whiptail 
scorpion poison gland to the male Spiritist in the alchemy shop near the 
bank gets some faction, some cash, some XP, and a random piece of padded 
armor, which has the AC of tattered (IIRC), but weighs less.  It's 
cloth, though, so no graphic.  Pretty easy to get, though!  Extra pieces 
should be sold to one of the other NPCs in the shop, since the turn-in 
fellow has poor prices (or so it seemed to me).

Vah Shir quests promote co-operation and good citizenship -- don't JUST 
be an adventurer, learn a trade!  And help out your fellow cats; in 
order to get my happy little drum, I had to collect young rockhopper 
hides for a local merchant.  The drum itself requires a moderate skill 
in pottery, 40ish I believe, so after two failed attempts I gave in and 
did some skillup grinding.  Result: One Jharin Drum.

Splendid (Lance Berg) tells me on the chat channel that there's a very 
good lute in my future if I continue the quests, and since I was 
planning to do this *anyway* I feel quite happy.  A spoiler-glance at 
the next bit shows that I'm gonna need a better pottery skill, though, 
and a higher level.  So: XP and cash needed, and I decided to head over 
to my favorite newbie old-world zones -- Qeynos, Qeynos Hills, and 
BlackBurrow.

Ahh, BlackBurrow.  My Iksar monk spent much time there, enough to fill 
half a handmade backpack with gnoll fangs; she killed over 700 of the 
curs and managed to get to dubious with the monk NPC in the Qeynos 
newbie yard.  I quickly discover, though, that BlackBurrow isn't as easy 
for a bard as it is for a monk; I'm level 7, still getting used to 
twisting, and find myself getting overwhelmed far too much.

Selo's helps with escapes (thank the spirits that BB is an outdoor 
zone), but still...

After one session in BB and a trip into Qeynos to turn in gnoll fangs 
and moonstones (a quest I'd never done before and utterly floored me at 
the amount of XP -- finished 7 and did 8 and 9 *entirely* this way), I 
sat down to take a look at my skills.

Offense, 1hs and 1hb were all doing well, as was singing.  Instrument 
skills, well, they're easily raised with some playing and AFK time.  But 
my *defense*...  I gulped a bit.  My defense was pathetically low.  The 
problem, I realized, was my weapons.  They were *too* good; fights ended 
too quickly.

Meh!

Nothing much that can be done but to keep at it, I think.  Battles are 
going longer now, and I'm still meleeing/tanking/twisting... and 
pondering ways to get my Defense skill to go up.  An agility boost would 
help, wouldn't it?

I've given up on BlackBurrow for a while and am trying out the Karanas.  
Avoiding Paludal like the plague; I've come to loathe that zone.  Maybe 
I'll annoy the Iksar and hunt in Kurn's Tower, a zone I enjoyed a lot as 
an Iksar.  Can save the bonechips for the Bazaar, or possibly even with 
the intent of getting in good with Cabilis.  Hmmm.  I'd need to kill a 
lot of goblins and Sarnak... or could I just use the invis song at 19 
and turn the chips over to Mozo?  The problem is that he's near several 
other Iksar guards, one or two of them Crusaders rather than "mere" 
Legionnaires.

Something to think about.  Planning ahead.  It'd be fun to walk around 
East Cabilis.  =)

-- 
Hazora
Vah Shir Bard of Firiona Vie
(swifttail) (at) (cox.net)


