From -5055074560685811489
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e07845b7e851f3a4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!f14g2000cwb.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Caster's Realm: How to Find a Group
Date: 14 Dec 2004 10:01:53 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 109
Message-ID: <1103047313.806614.26680@f14g2000cwb.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.80.55.73
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1103047319 2834 127.0.0.1 (14 Dec 2004 18:01:59 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 14 Dec 2004 18:01:59 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: f14g2000cwb.googlegroups.com; posting-host=192.80.55.73;
   posting-account=WDcinhMAAADcvkKBmXXfehYblo0NN7Cr_KfkHiVTV22R7IgxdvF6Yg
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26818

Caster's Realm: How To Find A Group

A reoccurring problem shows up on the EQ Live and community forums from
time to time. Often it leads to lengthy and tiring debates about class
balance or the inevitable doomsday prediction that Everquest is finally
(after five years of inaccurate doomsday predictions) dead. This
problem surrounds the single action of just about every player (except
wizards): finding a group.

It seems these days like becomes more and more difficult to find a
group. Perhaps this is a fact and perhaps it is simply perception. The
release of LDON gave us the perfect period of time for finding a good
hunting group. LDON progression took place in ninety minute periods,
the LFG tool had been out for awhile, and LDON dungeons offered good
experience and loot rewards in one place.

Since then, some find Omens and Gates to be less group-friendly. A
larger level limit means players spread across a larger level spectrum.
Some days it can take hours to find a good group with which to hunt and
for those below 60, it can sometimes be impossible.

We still desire to group, however, and this guide gives you the tips
you need to help yourself find and hunt in a group.

Step 1: Use the LFG tool

Though released years ago, many people still do not use the LFG tool.
The LFG tool is perhaps the greatest tool to help players find and hunt
in groups. Use the LFG tool often, use the comments to sell yourself
above the others in your level bracket, announce the number of AAs you
have, and use the LFG tool to start up your own hunting groups. Teach
others to use the LFG tool and use it yourself when you need to fill in
that one last spot. Only through a lot of use by a lot of people will
the LFG tool help everyone find groups.

Step 2: Build Your Own Group

Instead of using your time LFG writing nasty board postings about the
end of Norrath, use that time to build your own group. Ignore specific
classes and instead pick from the four basic EQ architypes; healers,
armor, crowd control, and damage dealers. Ignore that perfect group for
a group of mixed classes that may teach you a thing or two about group
composition. Use the LFG tool to find these new hunters. Have a
destination and a plan to help people arrive. Pick a hunting area easy
to get to. Keep the group moving and delay as little as possible. Above
all, be nice to folks and remember that you're here to have fun with
other players.

Step 3: Travel to the zone in which you wish to hunt

Sometimes people don't use the LFG channel when they seek a new member
for their group. They often look in-zone to see who's nearby. Go to the
zone in which you wish to hunt or go to the zone with the most
characters around your level. Being local gives you a leg up on those
who would need five to ten minutes of travel time to get a group.

Step 4: Be Familiar With The Lands

Use your time LFG by exploring the lands you wish to hunt in. Learn how
to get from zone to zone. Use invis potions (or your native ability if
you're lucky enough to have it) to help you learn how to get from zone
to zone. Use the in-game map system and load it with new maps for the
zones not included. The faster you can get from zone to zone, the more
desirable you will be in a group. Waste not that time sitting on a rock
waiting to get invited on a hunt, use it to learn of the lands around
you.

Step 5: Advertise

Advertise yourself in a few different ways when you seek a group. Use
the LFG tool mentioned above. Use "/ooc" to announce your desire for a
group in a well-populated hunting zone of your level. Join large open
channels on your server that may have group leaders seeking players.
Join alliances that offer a pool of players around your level and a
channel to find them in. When you get to a zone with a lot of full
groups, send a tell to each group leader and ask to get on their list.
Most groups will keep a list of players to join them, it is an
old-school method of grouping we old fellas had to use before the LFG
tool was out. It still helps today.

Step 6: Join a Grouping Guild

Seek out and join a guild of characters around your level that enjoy
grouping. Many groups seek members of their own guild first; the larger
the guild, the more likely members become available for a hunt. Seek a
guild with the same desires as you and you will have an easier time
finding a group.

Step 7: Experiment with Different Group Configurations

I mention this earlier, but experimenting with different group
configurations may lead to wonderful results. I remember battling in
Sebilis with five necromancers and a cleric. I have seen the strangest
groups defeat amazing encounters. Ignore the stereotypes and grab any
five people for a bit of fun. You may not end up victorious in the
Muramite Proving Ground's hardest trials, but the results may surprise
you.

Above all, take an active role in seeking a group. Finding a group can
be hard work sometimes, especially at lower and mid levels. Don't
despair, don't assume it's because you're class X and everyone seeks
Class Y. Don't assume you need only one particular class and don't be
afraid to experiment with strange group configurations. If you follow
all of these steps and use all possible options to find a hunting
group, you will have much better chances than simply putting up your
LFG tag and watching reruns of Dynasty on the Tivo.
Loral Ciriclight
18 November 2004



