From 4335501516199576973
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,54edc5e654c1d20d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-26 16:06:48 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!HSNX.atgi.net!newsfeed.iinet.net.au!newsfeed.iinet.net.au!freenews.iinet.net.au!not-for-mail
From: "James Hicks" <nospam@forme.please>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Kuloth's Nadox Raid
Date: Mon, 27 Oct 2003 11:00:20 +1100
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Lines: 135
Message-ID: <3f9c6024$0$23608$5a62ac22@freenews.iinet.net.au>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.173.27.216
X-Trace: 1067212837 freenews.iinet.net.au 23608 203.173.27.216
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:4512

After completing a shawl walk for one of our chanters, 20 odd guildies and
me ran off to Nadox to test our mettle against Innoruuk. The average level
was 62, and while we were light on clerics (one) we had no shortage of
*healers* and loads of DPS types, behind two 65 warriors and some other
backup tanks, which included me. (although at no stage did I expect to tank
anything)

The raid leadership decided to move ahead with one group to take out the
broodmother, while the rest of us were still arriving and forming up. I
wasn't part of that group so I wont mention it further.

After a longish wait while the first group cleared the way and we formed up,
we be began to get buffed. We had very little information on this particular
incarnation of inny, but we did know he dispelled and had a knockback AOE.
Nobody knew if the dispell was AOE or single target, so we ALL loaded up on
junk buffs before letting the serious ones land. I managed to hit 6,300hp
with a druid skin, a symbol from a 63 pally (I wasn't even aware we had a
cleric at that stage) and shammy buffs.

We invised up and began to move in. I found myself reflecting that swimming
in lava, preposterous enough on its own considering it's too dense to swim
in - if we could concievably handle the heat at all we'd likely run across
the top, was a surprisingly healthy activity - I was taking 10hp/second from
the lava. As per usual when you're playing the numbers with 20+ people
invisible, we had a handful of incidents where people either weren't
invisible to begin with, or theirs faded early and they got agro from
various mobs en route.

Besides that, the move in was fairly uneventful, if punctuated by the usual
problems involved in coordinating a largish group of individuals.

We got to the back room where inny spawns (he wasn't up when we zoned in)
and began clearing the mobs. We were down to one or two when the raid
leaders had us all line up against one of the side walls and get ready for
the main fight. The last mob fell, and we were told to get ready, let the MT
get into position and agro, etc. He will spawn in three minutes. Be ready.

YOU HAVE BEEN DISCONNECTED.

My ultra-reliable, two-weeks-without-interruption ADSL picked the *perfect*
moment to act out of character. By this stage I'd been awake for about 24
hours straight and as such was far too detached to do anything other than
laugh my ass off. But the best was yet to come.

After a five minute break while Telstra fucked up (my DSL provider isn't
telstra but the provider of their DSL problems *is*), I logged back into EQ,
to one of the most memorable sights of my life. My only regret is that I was
too blown away to take screenshots.

Innoruuk scowls at you, ready to attack.

Kuloth, alone, stood in the huge cavern, his back firmly pressed to the
wall, staring out over a sea of scattered corpses with all-too-familiar
names on them, looking so very peaceful..... while the eighty foot tall
incarnation of the God Of Hate stood in profile, side on, barely moving. The
towering, terrifying, red-con-to-a-65 twisted wreck of a being stood between
me and escape, let alone any thoughts of a summonless CR for my fallen
friends.

Who were nonetheless amused by my reappearance in guild chat - although I
couldn't quite get them to share the humor of my situation. Wipes make
people unhappy. I never really worked out what had gone wrong on attempt #1,
I'm pretty damn sure my non-presence wasn't much of a factor.

I gathered shadows and conned Him again. Still scowling. Well, I didn't
really expect a little thing like invisibility to rattle Him. So I just made
a run for it...

There is nothing quite so strangely compelling as a shouted challenge from
your very own God. But being that My Lord was most likely extremely pissed
at me at that time, I had trouble deciding whether to stop, turn around, or
just play dead. On an impulse, I did all three at once. He blew two of my
buff slots off, but walked away from my feign almost immediately. A repop of
one of his minions in the hallways had also agrod me but it too wandered
away and I was able to clear agro, invis, and run for it.

A longish CR ensued, during which I consumed 13 tiny coffins. A necro was
also present and he summoned everybody else. After much ado, we re-buffed,
re-organised, and went for it again.

This time, my internet connection didn't fail me. Our MT pulled Him into the
hallway, which we re-cleared, got defensive going, built up some agro, and
gave the order to engage.

I got the ensuing 132 seconds logged, at the end of which we had him down to
10%. Shortly before I bought it, Inny rampaged, missing me 3 times and
belting me for 507, at which point he appears to have procced a 4slot
dispell. A few seconds later, I had agro - a fact easily explained by... and
I have NFI what possessed me to do it... the fact that festering darkness
appears to have landed on him. He quadded me: 305 608 339 205, and another 4
buffs left... then our MT had agro again briefly, followed by another quad
on me: 843 809 574 641, and 4 more buffs gone, then he finally hit me again
2 seconds later for 406 and 776. Goodnight nurse.

Apparently what followed is that he repeatedly gated. I'm not sure exactly
how that did us in, but I can imagine him gating and summoning people up the
hall and killing them peacemeal, and this not being very helpful to our
cause.

Anyway, the max I logged this guy hitting anyone was 843. He seems to proc a
4x dispell with EVERY quad, which are like 2 seconds apart, so buffing your
MT will only help him survive the first coupla rounds. The max he hit out
defensive MT was 507, although our other warrior ate the full 843. Innoruuk
sustained a steady 257 DPS on our MT, and I logged a 337 on me, although
those numbers will be stuffed up by the agro shift. The actual damage done
by this nutbag is a little higher than that.

At the time of my death his HP bar was reading 10%, and my log shows us
doing just under 73,000hp damage to him. I expect some of my data to be
missing since I spend some of the fight running back to him after being
blown across or down the hall, and some of it to be missing because it was
other people's dots, but all told I don't believe him to have more than
100,000hp total. Having read estimates of 400,000 I find this surprising.

That gating thing is a killer. It's possible it wouldn't be such a killer if
your idiot SK hasn't landed a 2 minute 60% snare/dot on him, but I believe
we plan to hit him in his room again next time and with any luck we'll win
the day. Junk buffing and attempting to re-buff during the fight seem like
mostly a waste of time and a total waste of time respectively.

For the record our healers were spamming fast heals on the MT, and that
seems to have been quite adequate. If he hadn't gated repeatedly, we
would've nailed his evil ass.

Some questions I do have of raiding folk in this newsgroup:

1) How does this guy compare to other raid mobs? Vindi? Statue? Kunark and
velious dragons? THO? :)
2) Can't think of any other questions. How do you cope with the unbelievably
addictive factor of raiding? Being overwhelmed by how damn cool it is? :)

Cheers,
James




