From 7724801739960930597
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,561ae6d9ef4f493d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-06-27 23:39:27 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!news-hog.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!cox.net!p01!news2.west.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "Bat Child (Sue M.)" <batchild1@NOSPAM.cox.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: OFF TOPIC:  RIP, John Entwistle
Organization: Knights of Xemu
Reply-To: batchild1@cox.net
Message-ID: <td1ohuk55q1714q52lpp9nh0i0ekdug90s@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 158
Date: Fri, 28 Jun 2002 06:39:26 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.6.221.195
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news2.west.cox.net 1025246366 68.6.221.195 (Fri, 28 Jun 2002 02:39:26 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 28 Jun 2002 02:39:26 EDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:207910

I know this is off-topic, but as a Who fan, I was shocked and saddened
to hear this news.  RIP, John.


Found at:

http://www.uniontribune.com/news/world/20020627-1709-ca-obit-entwistle.html

====================

The Who bassist John Entwistle found dead at 57 
 
 
        

By Ken Ritter
ASSOCIATED PRESS 
June 27, 2002 

LAS VEGAS--John Entwistle, the bassist for the innovative 1960s rock
band The Who, was found dead Thursday in his hotel room of an apparent
heart attack. He was 57. 

Entwistle was the quiet, nearly emotionless member of the raucous
group that included strutting lead singer Roger Daltrey, flamboyant
lead guitarist Pete Townshend and frenetic drummer Keith Moon. 

Yet, Entwistle was the only member of the group with formal music
training. 

"As a musician, he did for the bass guitar what Jimi Hendrix did for
the guitar," said Steve Luongo, 49, who played drums in The John
Entwistle Band for the last 15 years. 

The Who was scheduled to play at the Hard Rock Hotel-Casino here on
Friday, the first date of a three-month, nationwide tour. The Vegas
show was canceled but the rest of the tour was undecided, said Beckye
Levin of promoter Clear Channel Entertainment. 

"I was told he passed away in his sleep last night," Levin said,
breaking into sobs during a telephone interview. 

Who manager Robert Rosenberg said he was "saddened and shocked." 

"We have no information to believe that there is any foul play or
criminal activity involved," said Clark County Coroner Ron Flud, who
said an autopsy was scheduled for Friday. Luongo said Entwistle was on
medication for a heart condition. 

Entwistle, born in Chiwick, south London, was also opening a show at
Grammy's Art of Music Gallery at the Aladdin Hotel-Casino that
coincided with the tour. 

"I'm emotionally distraught just now, it's just devastating. I just
had to break the news to a client who broke down in tears," assistant
gallery manager Diana Tabor said. 

Entwistle's art included cartoon-type portraits of himself and his
fellow band members. A new Entwistle picture featuring rock stars
Jimmy Hendrix and Eric Clapton was going to be unveiled at the
gallery. 

Formed in London in 1964, the Who rivaled the Rolling Stones for
explosive, high-energy shows that included Townshend's slashing,
windmill-like guitar licks, Moon's frenetic drumming and Daltrey's use
of a microphone cord as though it were a lariat. Through it all,
Entwistle would stand stoically off to the side, keeping the back beat
on his bass guitar. 

Ray Manzarek, keyboardist for the Doors, called Entwistle "one of the
great, great rock 'n' roll bassists of all time. A real genius. 

"He's just like a spider when he comes on stage. It was just
incredible," he said in Los Angeles. 

Although remembered fondly for its stage shows, the Who were
innovators in the studio as well and are widely credited with
popularizing the "rock opera" with such concept albums as "Tommy" and
"Quadrophenia." 

"Tommy," which was later made into a popular movie and a hit Broadway
musical, told the story of the title character, a "deaf, dumb and
blind" boy who, because of the isolation of his physical limitations,
develops into a "wizard" at playing pinball machines. 

"Quadrophenia," which was not nearly as popular as its predecessor,
was created with the expectation that it would be played on
quadraphonic sound systems, which never really caught on. 

The Who came together in London in 1964 and were regarded as one of
the premiere rock bands in the world throughout the 1970s. The group,
with Townshend as lead songwriter, sold millions of albums. They were
inducted into the Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame in 1990. 

"A lot of our fans liked us because we made mistakes. It made us look
more human. And then the fact that we could actually sort of burst out
laughing on stage when we made a real bad blunder," Entwistle told The
Associated Press in a 1995 radio interview in Los Angeles. 

The group's albums included "My Generation," "Happy Jack," "The Who
Sell Out," "On Tour: Magic Bus," "Tommy," "Live at Leeds," "Who's
Next," "Meaty, Beaty, Big and Bouncy," "Quadrophenia," "Odds and
Sods," "The Who by Numbers," "Who Are You," "The Kids Are Alright,"
"Face Dances," and "It's Hard." 

Their latest album, "Ultimate Collection," entered the Billboard
charts two weeks ago at No. 31. 

The Who were the voice of a new breed. Their concerts were literally
explosive--a fusion of audacious acrobatics, martial precision and
high octane rock 'n' roll that blew away audiences and left the stage
and their instruments a smoldering wreck. 

During a concert at the Rikki Tik Club in England in May 1966,
Townshend smacked Entwistle in the head with his guitar; a year later,
drummer Keith Moon, at the close of the band's performance on "The
Smothers Brothers Comedy Hour," detonated a flash bomb that destroyed
his drum set, stunned guests and damaged Townshend's ears. 

Moon--the band's original drummer--lived life to the edge, up until
his death in 1978 in his London apartment at age 31. 

Remaining members of the band retired in 1982, but reunited and had
toured frequently in recent years. Their music and voices were even
featured on "The Simpsons" last year. 

Entwistle and Townshend met in 1958 in school in London. Later, they
began playing together, first Dixieland jazz and then rock. 

In 1960, Daltrey invited Entwistle to join The Detours as bassist. He
convinced Daltrey to hire Townshend as rhythm guitarist. 

In 1964, Moon joined the band, which changed its name to The Who. 

Entwistle often said he didn't worry about the wallflower label some
applied to him. 

"John always said that all the other personas in The Who were taken so
he took that one," Luongo said. 

Entwistle was the lone member of The Who with any formal musical
training. He was among the first in rock to experiment with the six-
and eight-string bass--all played while standing immobile on stage. He
also played the French horn. 

Entwistle was the first to release a solo album and later formed his
own ensemble, Ox, while continuing to play with The Who. 

"He just was the most humble rock star I have ever met, besides having
the best hands of any bass player in the history of rock and roll,"
said rocker Sammy Hagar. The two celebrated their birthdays together
five years ago in Cabo San Lucas, Mexico. 

 
====================

http://members.cox.net/batchild1
http://members.cox.net/scorseseinfo


