From 7427089576619929434
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,20d83863e1da513f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-18 15:29:47 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.stealth.net!news-east.rr.com!news-west.rr.com!news.rr.com!news-west.rr.com!lsnws01.we.mediaone.net!cyclone-LA3.rr.com!typhoon.san.rr.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Drynnyth@nospamplease.org (Drynnyth on Fenin Ro)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Why hate Newbies?
Message-ID: <3b2e77a7.5327746@news-server>
References: <20010618014403.19487.00000366@ng-da1.aol.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.21/32.243
Lines: 122
Date: Mon, 18 Jun 2001 22:29:45 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 204.210.48.167
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.san.rr.com 992903385 204.210.48.167 (Mon, 18 Jun 2001 15:29:45 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 18 Jun 2001 15:29:45 PDT
Organization: Road Runner
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:86846

On 18 Jun 2001 05:44:03 GMT, bonda170@aol.com (BONDA170) wrote:

>Im a newbie. Seems like alot of the posts on here are just veterans of the game
>moaning/taking the piss out of newbies. 

That's the impression I had for some time, but then I realized I was
only reading posts relavent to newbies.  Yes, some get their jollies
out of bashing someone who doesn't know as much about the game as they
do... but hey.... they have to feel good about something, don't they?
For the most part though, I do find many of the newbie posts here are
answered and although some of the replies are bitchy, I'm thick
skinned enough to let it get to my enjoyment of this addicting game.
I also find that as my comprehension of the game grows, that I find
reading this newsgroup far more enjoyable!!

>I know we can be annoying because we
>dont understand all the EQ etiquete and all the rules but christ, everyone was
>a begginer at some point, if you helped out, patiently answered a few questions
>maybe, then well bugger off and be on our way, a little wiser and a little more
>confident about what were doing.

One thing about this game... it requires research and most of it
should be done offline prior to going to a zone or starting a quest.
Maybe it's my personality, but I never go to a new zone without trying
to find out a) what is definitely gonna kill me; b) what I can
definitely kill; c) what the quests are that I can do which will give
me exp.  I print off zone maps and take notes.  EQ has a note feature
that is worth using and probably overlooked to a great extent.  
 
>I understand that some newbies are twats who
>beg and just wnat all the answers but theres a lot of us that like to figure
>stuff out for ourselves and just need a poke in the right dierection now and
>again. 

Yea, there are many new players that want things given to them.  I
prefer to call them "noobs" instead of newbies.  To me a newbie is
someone who is new to the game, a "noob" is a low level character that
expects equip, money and advice to be given at their demand and
convenience.  Kind of like toddlers, if you ask me.  As far as
pointing someone in the right direction, I always try to be helpful
when sharing information but it once it totally backfired on me.  I
was in my low teens in Crushbone and someone shouted "What do I do
with #so and so shackle key?"  I responded (yes I had a printout of
where the keys go) and told the guy where to find a list of the
keys... it didn't end there.  He ended up sending me a /tell with
EVERY key he found, repeat ones included demanding a response when I
was in the midst of fighting my own baddies.  I repeated that he
needed to research the rest himself, provided him with the website and
put him on ignore.  In all honesty, I suppose if something like this
happened more often, I'd be less likely to offer advice when it
interferred with my game playing.

>I dont even bother asking anybody anything(i never often did cos id
>rather make my own way) but it can be humiliating to just be completley ignored
>when youre asking politely for a SOW so you can get your corpse from some hard
>ass area that you wandered into by accident (i even offered to dance for it
>aswell ;).And asking was a last resort as i had gone back 3 times unSOWed
>trying to retrieve the sod.

That's where you and I differ.  I will ask for help if I've failed at
my first or second attempt.  I do find that much of it is how one
asks, and it seems to be confirmed in other threads I've read in this
ng.  I recently died in Frontier Mountains at the fort and was bound
in Firiona Vie.  There were lots of pleads for sow being shouted out
so I *had* to make mine noticible.  I shouted something like "Recently
deceased woodelf/ranger has lukewarm corpse in FM and would like to
offer 2 stacks of class 3 arrows in exchange for a sow."  Lot's of
LOLs followed and I had my sow within a couple of minutes and a nice
level 34 ranger had arrows in return.  I will say that many will sow
for nothing... now that I can cast sow at 30, I cast it freely all the
time.  You never know when someone might save YOUR behind.

>And who are the assholes that ram a train up your ass just so they can stand
>back and watch you get minced? much bored??

Usually these are people running for their lives to the nearest group
of people.  Most of the time they didn't have time to type a warning
or don't know how to hotkey a shout warning of a train.  I give the
benefit of the doubt that they were looking for help, not trying to
consciously get someone else killed.  Of course if it happens more
than once and you've told them it's proper etiquette to /shout a
warning..... 

>If i stick around long enough to get to a decent level then i will gladly help
>an enthusiastic newbie with info/goods/ whatever because it just sometimes
>makes EQ life that little bit easier and it wont seem so damn cliquey. 

If you're going to stick around, you may need a thicker skin.  Not
everything that happens to you should be taken on a personal level.  I
don't mean this as a flame, but I do hope in earnest that you do stick
around and are able to let some things go by without fuming over them.
If you don't get a thicker skin, your enjoyment of the game will go in
the toilet.  Oh, and I hate to tell you this but the game will always
feel cliquey when you've got a bunch of people shouting or oocing over
and over in a zone and collectively bashing someone.  LOIO reminds me
so much of G'Fay!!

>I love
>the game, but its not easy when youre new. Personally id rather earn my own
>armour than have some higher level guy give it to me but then i dont mind if
>someone tells me where i gotta offload my gnoll teef.

I adore this game as well.  My satellite dish is collecting dust and
my other games haven't been touched in a couple of months!  I got my
boyfriend started on EQ after a couple of comments like, "What time
did you come to bed?"  Now we plan how we're going to get him that
blackened crystaline robe for his wizzie.  He's levelling faster than
I am!!  DAMN!!

><Newbie Rant Over>
>Whats a good trade? Im partial to a bit of fishing and fletching but are they
>worth it? any answers appreciated :)

All I've done is fletch and fish, and I wish I'd started on other
trades but it's never too late.  Fletching is only good for the most
part if you are a ranger, I think.

I hope you feel better about the game, but you'll have to learn to
take the good and the bad along with it. 





