From 5825227623814777292
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b09900d7f5e241c7
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-07-07 04:30:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-pas-nf2!newsfeed.earthlink.net!wn14feed!wn13feed!worldnet.att.net!216.166.71.14!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To:  emporer@dejazzd.com
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Strategies for necro undead charming??
References: <beb8ul$h2b$1@hercules.btinternet.com>
In-Reply-To: <beb8ul$h2b$1@hercules.btinternet.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 194
Message-ID: <5VcOa.3446$_k2.202198@nnrp1.ptd.net>
Date: Mon, 07 Jul 2003 11:34:25 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.136
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1057577665 66.109.254.136 (Mon, 07 Jul 2003 07:34:25 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 07 Jul 2003 07:34:25 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:291559



REM wrote:

>Because of the choice of zones I have made in leveling I have not fought a
>whole lot of undead and have not yet really used many of the undead line of
>spells. The other day I made my first visit to the Burning Wood and thought
>it would be interesting to charm the mouldering gorillas. Indeed it was fun,
>if a little nerve racking as its impossible to know when the charm will
>break. I concluded the best strategy would be to break charm and re-charm -
>However I could not find an easy way to break the charm. I assumed Hide
>would work as it does on regular skelly pets - but this did not seem to
>work. Also it became apparent that you need to keep the pet alive at least
>until you can kill it yourself - if the mob kills it you dont get the XP.
>
>If someone could post some tips on undead charming - spell combos etc. that
>would be great as I would like to practise some more of this.
>
Well, the necro I ran didn't do a lot of charming, but my bard certainly 
did tons of it, and my cleric partnered with druids and enchanters using 
charm as well, so here are some general observations.

1) yes, you don't get any exp if your pet dies while it is your pet

2) one plan is for your pet to -not- die, but to kill other mobs.  
Charmed mobs are generally a lot more powerful than summoned pets, and 
even more so if you can tip the odds by buffing them up and/or debuffing 
their victims; as a bard this meant a clicky DS on pet and then slow and 
DOT the target.  For other charm casters this plan is a nice one as they 
get more buffs for their pet, if he's not disposable then this 
investment can continue to pay off up to the  duration of the charm.  At 
high levels, Dire Charm means a pet that will stay your pet for 2 hours 
or so if you can keep him alive!

3) another very simple plan is for your pet to die... for a bard this is 
not a big deal as there's very little investment in the pet, if his 
death takes a big chunk out of his opponent then its not that big a deal 
that he died without your gettting exp for him too.  Depending on your 
class and strategy, though, your pet dying may be quite a calamity

4) the other plan is for your pet to get near death and then drop charm 
and kill him (should be easy, he's almost dead already).  For this, the 
best plan is some form of invisibility, note it doesn't have to be one 
that works on that kind of mob; for a skeleton you'd think you'd need 
ITU but nope, regular will do even though the skellie can now see you.  
There's a clicky instant invis to animals item my bard would love to get 
for this purpose.  At any rate, while an instant clicky item would be 
ideal, I'm thinking the necro spell Gather Shadows is a nice one as you 
won't have to worry about targetting yourself to cast it, just hit that 
gem and wait out the spell duration.

5) the advanced plan for bards is to charm a pet and have it fight 
multiple opponents, thus getting down to near death much quicker, then 
break charm, kill it, and repeat with another member of the swarm.  
Whether necromancers (or any other charm class) can make good use of 
this idea I'm not sure, you need to be able to charm a  lot of mobs in a 
row and outmanuever them all while doing so.

6) speaking of outmanuevering the mobs, remember at a minimum this plan 
involves potential for two angry mobs on you (your former pet and his 
victim, any time charm breaks before the victim is dead).  So a plan to 
deal with that eventuality is in order; snare your pet before charming 
him if you have a long duration snare, root and or snare the victim to 
at least take him out of the "mobs that are coming for me when charm 
breaks" category, be ready with root/snare/stun -something- for your pet 
when he breaks, and keep yourself running faster than mob speed at all 
times (SOW potions, JBoots, Selos, -something-)

7) while charmers often solo, you may find a partner to be worthwhile.  
As a cleric I partnered with both druids and enchanters charming, and I 
was able to improve their kill rate by quite a few means; MOR, root, 
stun for the victims helped pet kill faster and not die as much, chain 
stunning pets who broke charm helped get them recharmed smoothly (they 
aren't moving or hurting anyone, yet stun wears off just a few seconds 
after charm lands) and healing the pet to keep it alive... of course the 
CHeal nerf hit this hard since I went from healing pets for 10K hp 
(about 90% of the HP of the mobs we were charming) to only 8500 hp!  And 
of course there was HP buffing the charmer and healing him/her.  Did I 
double kills per hour this way?  No, not if things went perfectly... but 
I greatly increased the number of times things went perfectly, so the 
charmer died or had to zone much less, and we concluded that in real 
world application I roughtly tripled the kills per hour rate plus 
provided 96% rez on demand for the nagging chanter deaths that remained 
(harder to keep a chanter alive than a druid)

8) another fun trick I used to use on my bard was to switch sides.  Bard 
charm breaks in fairly short order.  I'd charm a mob and then lay into 
his victim with everything I had, chewing him up pretty good.  When 
charm broke, I'd have two mobs mad at me, one hurt a good deal and the 
other not so much.  Standard thinking is to charm the not hurt one again 
and get the victim down more... but this game ends with the victim dead 
and the pet at say half HP.  Killing the pet at half HP can take a while 
as a bard.  Instead, I'd charm the former victim and get the pair 
fighting again, now I could lay into the former pet with everything I 
had and take him down faster as well, thus hopefully ending up breaking 
charm with two almost dead pets.  I could get the same effect by 
charming two same level mobs and having them fight without my help... 
but this was slower since bard dots and slows etc don't use any mana 
up.  I'd also use this trick while using the "pet that kills mobs" plan, 
my pet might go thru two or three of the opposition before running down 
near death, but when he did finally get there I'd move to a new pet and 
use him to kill the old one

9) besides solo/partner charm killing, another use for charm is in crowd 
control.   Neromancers, like bards, suffer in the CC department compared 
to chanters, with short duration single target mezzes.  Well, when your 
group is overwhelmed by a rush of mobs, in addition to mezzing, you can 
charm one of the pack and send him up against his earstwhile buddies.  
As a bard I have CC'd up to 6 adds this way, charming one and having him 
fight two more while I kept three locked down with traditional mez.  I 
use this even in much less emergency situations, charming a single add 
instead of mezzing him means adding him in as significant DPS, plus 
opening up all my song capability for offensive use; while charm lasts I 
dont' have to keep targetting the mob for mez or sticking to just mez to 
melee or so forth.  Two adds, get one add to fight the other and when 
the group is ready for the add its softened up and then when its dead, 
break charm and deal with the already injured former pet.  This requires 
getting used to on the part of your group, who probably haven't had to 
deal with charmed mobs as a form of CC before and will be quite annoyed 
when they can't hit your pet until you let them... on the other hand, 
think how annoying it would be if they were hitting your mezed mobs when 
they weren't supposed to!  Use assist and get with the game plan people!

10) due to a recent nerf, there is apparantly a large exp penalty if 
your pet does more than half the damage to a mob.  What this means is 
that the "your pet kills things" plan is much less effective than it 
once was.  This is unfortunate, but one way to deal with the problem is 
to break charm, kill the victim, and then recharm your former pet; his 
damage goes to "unassigned" as if it was DS damage, this way.  Another 
plan (and the reason bards don't notice the nerf) is to do damage to the 
victim during the fight, break charm and recharm at least once; since 
you only have to compete against the damage the pet does the most recent 
time it was charmed but get credit for -all- the damage you did, its 
easier to outdamage your pet this way.  Of course all the "kill your 
former pet" plans work pretty well, except for the one I mentioned where 
you switch sides... none of the damage done to a former pet is 
attributed to anyone, and if its nearly dead, your new pet may kill it 
before you do much damage at all!  Swarm kiting, on the other hand, 
works just fine here, none of the damage the swarm did to your former 
pet counts, and you only have to do a little bit to kill it, 100% coming 
from you.

11) sometimes in the course of charm killing you may find your victim 
refuses to fight your pet.  If killing your victim is the plan, then 
this is not a big deal, especially if you snare the victim, in fact you 
may wish to help this happen via fear or by deliberately casting too 
much on the victim and then running around with him chasing you and the 
pet chasing him (this last is "hate kiting")

12) but if you -don't- want this to happen, try snaring the victim and 
then running further away, eventually the victim will give up on you and 
fight the pet (bard plan) or more simply, stunning or rooting the victim 
so it stops chasing you and turns to fight the pet like you wanted.   
Either way this is a good idea because if charm breaks the victim is 
snared or rooted and not a big worry, you can deal with your former pet 
without the add.  Too bad this isn't viable with a swarm, which is 
probably why thats mainly a bard tactic; bards can outrun an unrooted, 
unsnared swarm of angry mobs and cast at the same time.

13) choose your pets with care.  If you want them to kill things for you 
and stay alive, you want the biggest and baddest you can get.  If you 
want them to die, then you want them to be more fairly matched with 
their opponents.  Think carefully about charming casting mobs; these 
will be able to get around your snare/root/run away plans when charm 
breaks... but my bard loves casting pets when in a group because this 
uses up their mana and really messes up their victims while his buddies 
are all "protected" from the spells.  Best thing is that charming a 
caster which is in the process of doing something bad to you doesn't 
interrrupt the spell, but by the time they complete it it won't land on 
you anymore, just as good as an interrupt.  Mobs that run fast, mobs 
that summon, mobs that are too social or not social enough.. you have to 
think about this stuff.

14) charm can also be used as a pulling technique.  Charmed mobs count 
as pets, and pets are indifferent to other mobs.  So if you can charm a 
mob without aggroing anything next to it (the act of charming -will- 
aggro buddies) then you can walk out past his non KOS former friends 
freely with him in tow.  If you aren't KOS somewhere, this can be used 
to cherry pick specific mobs which can be real trouble otherwise.  I 
haven't done all that much of this, as usually I am KOS to the mobs that 
would be "in the way", but I used it just yesterday getting a fairly 
green froglok in Firiona Vie; I'm told the other frogloks around him 
would aggro if they caught us fighting, and ten or twenty casting greens 
can chew up a high level bard pretty fast.  Charmed him and we walked 
far away to a quiet spot where I told him to sit down, backed off, and 
then broke charm and killed him by himself.  Still, this is largely a 
rumor to me thus far, and perhaps others can comment as to its 
effectiveness and places where it would be useful... particularly in 
your case, against undead targets this is even more limiting as undead 
tend to be KOS to all...

Llyric, 57 bard, Morel Thule




