From -967098624874309764
X-Google-Thread: fb739,73b983ad8fd62807
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!tdsnet-transit!newspeer.tds.net!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-08!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Bob Perez = Sony Traitor, or finally smart?
Date: Sun, 6 Feb 2005 05:35:42 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <110c71fdub076fe@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <oQ8Nd.1611$ng6.1582@newssvr17.news.prodigy.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Response
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 80
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:31840


"Joiner" <joiner@hotmail.com> wrote in message 
news:oQ8Nd.1611$ng6.1582@newssvr17.news.prodigy.com...

> Well Bob, interesting to see you now playing WoW, and liking it

Yes, you find that surprising? Why? It's a very fun game and my wife and I 
have been leveling characters there whenever we get some spare game time. 
This morning we both hit 23 and started hunting in the Wetlands out by 
Menethil Harbor. And yes, we are having a great time questing at a nice 
leisurely pace.

However, I just logged out of EQ2 for a 5am patch after playing since 5pm. 
That's a 12-hour shift, during which time we experienced the most epic and 
heroic adventures, it was a great day. We started off the night with a guild 
raid on the Bloodskull Valley as the finale to the Greater Lightstone 
Heritage quest, a nice raid that occupied most of the evening getting people 
prepped for it (every raiding member must have completed the access quest 
and a minimum of 12-24 must enter), followed by complete ownage in the 
instance. We even repeated it for one guy who arrived late. Immediately 
after that, a group of us decided to go do a Heritage quest from start to 
finish. My wife went to bed so she wasn't able to participate, but when she 
wakes up tomorrow she will have a shiny new Serrated Bone Dirk with +9 AGI! 
Fortunately it's tradeable, so she's going to wake up with a nice SBD gift 
in her inventory. That was a blast. Still not convinced I was done for the 
night, I managed to sneak around back of the Deathfist Citadel in Zek and 
completed the access quest to the Citadel. Tomorrow night I will complete my 
sixth trial for the Shiny Brass Shield heritage quest and the final battle 
will take place inside the Citadel. At last, I'll be united with my shield 
after 500 years! By hitting my sixth Heritage quest I aquired the new title, 
"Treasure Hunter", which I proudly display as evidence of five or more 
Heritage completions.

> Funny how the fanboys shut their pie holes when they see the other side 
> after such BLIND obedience

Funny how your BLIND obedience to Blizzard prevents you from seeing the 
actual reality here, which is that I'm having an outstanding time playing 
both games. WoW is truly fun and dirt easy to play. My first instance 
(Deadmines, VanCleef) was the first challenging scenario we've seen in 20 
levels and it was worth the wait. It was fabulous, like the inside of 
Pirates of the Caribeean in Disneyland, a real fun ride with some tough 
challenges and very nice rewards. Kesha won a great blue cape with +11 AGI!

Although WoW is fun, tonight's experience reminds me why I will continue 
dating it but will remain married to EQ2. It's all about substance and real 
challenge. You would not believe the challenges we endured to take on the 
final mobs in the SBD heritage. It took every trick we had in the book 
(HO's, exquisite timing on wards, heals and debuffs, proper tactical 
handling of each successive mob), and still we lost our tank and one healer, 
both of whom were combat rezzed and lived on to conclude the battle by the 
skins of their teeth. These are the battles that we live for!

> It amazes me how Sony can fail to keep even the biggest fans of their own 
> games on their own side by nerfing their games into oblivion

I remain firmly committed to taking the EQ2 experience to the limit and my 
guild with me. We are here for the long haul and tonight's full raid force 
event followed immediately by a single-session, start-to-finish Heritage 
quest run that resulted in dinging the guild (14+ now), was just so 
inspiring, we may do it all again tommorow. After we warm up a little first 
with WoW. ...

-- 
Redbeard, the Treasure Hunter
<Veritas>
Dwarven Mystic and Alchemist
Loyal Citizen of the Antonia Bayle
Current resident of the Willow Wood, City of Qeynos
http://veritas.everquest2guilds.com

Descendant of the Elder Winterfury Thunderwolf
<Resolution, Retired>
Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie







