From -6716882616581169661
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d3f9fc333e4c7ed9
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-03 12:17:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!hekyl.ab.tac.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "James" <jamesgrahame@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3C0B84D2.92DC8AC6@dejazzd.com>
Subject: Re: Overking Batheid Di'Zok and other CLick Stick questions
Lines: 101
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 4.72.3110.1
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Message-ID: <O1RO7.50402$un4.8285044@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Mon, 03 Dec 2001 20:13:34 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.76.240
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 1007410414 216.232.76.240 (Mon, 03 Dec 2001 13:13:34 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 03 Dec 2001 13:13:34 MST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:140855


Lance Berg wrote in message <3C0B84D2.92DC8AC6@dejazzd.com>...
>
>So I'm tooling away on my epic here, and have already been with my guild
>in a couple Ixiblat Fer kills, so I'm not worried about that one.

    Just make sure everyone is clear on what's going on. Last Ixiblat
killing I did, the enchanter that was tashing didn't hear the three shouts
of "Wait ten seconds for main tank to build aggro". So, when standing beside
one of the two clerics in the heal rotation for main tank, he let loose with
Tash almost as soon as the puller had Feigned. Ixiblat comes over, kills
ENCH, then kills the cleric whose first CHeal had just landed, then kills
the main tank for good measure. Thank goodness for the cleric whose seashell
was used that the guild was big enough and strong enough to recover from
that.

>Is there anything I should know about Overking Di'Zok?  Looks simple
>and straightforward here, two hour spawn with no PH, just bring in a
>raid sized force and gank the heck out of him, eh?

    Heh. Things to know about Chardok royals:

    There is no safe area to camp clerics and regroup after a wipeout. There
used to be, but since the upgrade to Chardok there are wanderers in the safe
hall. There is now a quest for a couple of VERY nice rings, though, and a
pair of faction-building quests, so it is very possible to get someone
non-KOS to pull bodies out. Unless you're confident of your abilities or
have lots of coffin money, I would advise this. A non-KOS person makes an
excellent scout as well.

    There are locked doors between you and your target. You must bring a
rogue with Pick Locks trained up.

    The first royal you may encounter is the Prince. He's got a drop for the
ENCH epic. He has what seems like a bajillion guards, and you can go around
his room, so some raids will skip him. Next important area is the Library.
It's important because at the bottom of it is the next locked door you must
go through - and a trap. There's a false floor near the door that drops you
down on top of the King. EVERYONE must be aware of it and avoid it - if
someone falls, he will AoE, people in the library will be hit by the AoE,
the King will aggro on them... you get the picture.

    Behind that door is the Herbalist. He drops a piece for the Necro duck
staff. His room is pretty rushable. After this comes King. Be quick about
taking King after Herbalist - there are mobs with knockback spells in King,
and if you fight in the wrong spot the knockback will bring Herbalist
respawn down on you. Ah, memories....

    King has a half-dozen or so guards. Expect fire AoEs and a lot of Grav
Fluxing. The Grav Fluxing can be a major issue - remember where that pit
was? Yes, you can aggro respawn through the roof. And that respawn will
bring a train you'll remember for some time. There's a good section of
hallway to fight in - you'll spot it as soon as you're there. Unless you
fight somewhere very odd, there isn't much worry about Queen adding.

>His other drops look
>mighty nice, too

    Too bad you won't touch them. 8( Unless by some pure miracle the
transformer gauntlets drop AND the raid allows you to have them, expect
diddly-squat from your epic mobs. Other people will make out well, though,
especially for Ragefire - he drops about as much as Nagafen drops.

>Then the only thing left is Ragefire.  Again, just a couple dragon
>kills, nothing
>outrageous... but I hear that this is the bottleneck that may hold me up
>for months;
>something about a list to kill him, and him on a 7 day spawn clock?

    Someone else posted the list on your server. Um, stinks to be you. This
is how Ragefire works: after Nagafen dies, Ragefire's merchant form will
spawn in the lair sometime during the next 72 hours. After you kill that
one, there will be another 72 hour random spawn. And so on until Nagafen's
one week timer comes up and he pops - that resets the whole thing. From what
others have said, expect two Ragefires per week. So based on that list that
was posted for your server, you'll be waiting between a third and a half of
a year for your shot at Ragefire. Try to encourage others on the list to try
DAoC, it might help you. 8( Note also that I said the spawn was RANDOM
within the 72 hour window - that means you have to be there, with enough
folks to clear the fire giant respawn every eight hours, for up to three
days solid. And no matter when he pops, you have to have people available
able to kill a Nagafen-level encounter. Ragefire stinks, pure and simple.

    On my server he's FFA. Whoever gets in the lair and stays there gets to
kill him, but if they don't kill him quickly after he pops another guild
WILL move in and attempt to take him. So far we haven't had any fights, but
a quick read on some other servers' message boards will show you what can
happen. So Morel Thule is more civilized that way. But what we have had
happen, well, I almost don't want to mention it to you. Let's just say if
Ragefire's body falls through the wall that the GMs will NOT help you, and
you will have to re-do the entire quest.

>Where is this vaunted list and who do I have to sleep with to get on it?

    /auction Will cyber for epic. I bring my own booze. Send tells to Bergh
for details.

    James





