From 6970715056368838018
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f4d3af2a91990cb1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-05-29 14:28:52 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!news-hog.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!newshub.sdsu.edu!west.cox.net!cox.net!news2.west.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3CF529A2.74EE09A@fakespam.yahoo.com>
From: "Annie M. Benson-Lennaman" <abenlen@fakespam.yahoo.com>
Reply-To: abenlen@fakespam.yahoo.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Roleplaying Story: Daddy Gets the Good News, High Elf and Ogre
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 72
Date: Wed, 29 May 2002 21:28:50 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.7.97.146
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news2.west.cox.net 1022707730 68.7.97.146 (Wed, 29 May 2002 17:28:50 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 29 May 2002 17:28:50 EDT
Organization: Cox Communications
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:199140


I stood in my father's study in his mansion in Felwithe, and  I was not happy.  I
loved my father, but we had often had our differences.  I am Teapray, daughter of the
noble House of Cinderwind, first born to one of the Lords of Felwithe, and I was
about to make a stand.
   My father entered the room, and seemed surprised to see me there.  "Are you not
supposed to at your studies in the wizard guild, Teaflame?"
   Teaflame.  The name he had given me upon my birth.  It was obvious to him, even
before I was born, that I would follow in his footsteps to become a mighty wizard. 
He had never even bothered to ask me if my heart would willingly lead my feet upon
this path.  "No," I said evenly.
   He stopped and gave me hard look.  "Teaflame, you know very well..."
   "Teapray."  He blinked at me, obviously taken at a loss.  "I have been accepted
into the Order of Tunare.  I have chosen to be a healer, rather than embrace the
power of fire and ice."
    He held his anger in check, as skill that he, like all powerful wizards,
maintained at to not turn to ash all that dared displease him.  "Young lady, Tarker
Blazetoss and I have both agreed that you shall be most..."
    "Stop!" I shouted. Unlike my father, I had not yet mastered complete control of
my emotions.  "It is not up to Tarker Blazetoss, nor it is up to you.  My name is
Teapray, and I am a cleric."  He took a deep breath to further argue the point, but I
held up my hand.  "There's more."
    I could see in his eyes that he didn't want to hear it, but he said nothing.  "I
have fallen in love, and I am going to get married as soon as I reach the Age of
Self-Destiny."  Of course, my father had arranged a marriage for me, to a very
promising young wizard, from a family that was almost as prestigious as our own. 
"His name is Lenny."  The stony silence was almost painful. "He's a warrior." 
Father's nose  flared slightly.  There were paladins amongst the elite of High Elves
of Felwithe, but no warriors.  I took a deep breath, then another.  "He's an ogre." 
Silence.  "I love him, Daddy, and he loves me.  He's not like the others of his
kind.  He has a good heart under his coarse manners.  I don't care what others think
of him, or of us! "
   To my surprise, Father started to laugh.  But he stopped quickly, when he saw that
did not join him.  He stood stunned for a moment, then exploded in a flurry of
words.  I had never seen him loose his temper before, and I was scared. He told me
that Lenny would never be accepted in Felwithe, or even that city of chittering tree
squirrels, Kelethin.  Even the base humans would shun him.  Even my own guild would
be obliged to kill him if they were able.  And I would not be welcome in any of the
festering pits of evil that such a creature might find sanctuary in.  If I continued
with this madness, I would bring shame to every High Elf in Norrath, and especially
to the house of Cinderwind.  And especially to him.
   I did not attempt to stop the torrent of words.  When he finally ran out, I simple
said "I know.  I accept this.  Perhaps, in time, we will change the prejudices of the
narrow-minded, such as your self."
   To his credit, he did not unleash any of his fearsome powers.  He struggled with
his fury for a minute, or perhaps it was an eternity.  "Get out," he finally said, in
a calm voice that was low with the menace of barely suppressed rage.  "Leave my
house.  Take nothing with you but the clothes you wear.  Take off your gems.  Take
them off now, and leave your coinpurse!"  I nodded, trying not to cry.  My  jewelry
really was quite pretty, and I had never gone without a bag of coins at my side
before.  I laid everything of value I had upon his desk.  Soon I was dressed in
nothing but the pretty blue house dress and shoes that was in the current fashion of
the Felwithe maidens.  "Now leave, and never come to this house again!"
   I nodded, then turned and ran out the door.  I was so scared that I could scarcely
breathe, but also I feel something I couldn't ever remember having felt before.  I
felt free.  There were tears in my eyes as I left my father's house for the last
time, but also laughter in my heart as I ran to where my Beloved Lenny lay hidden in
the forest, waiting for me and for our adventures to begin.


-- 
My main on Firiona Vie:
   
Traveling with husband Lenny, an Ogre Warrior,
Members of the Council of Mithril Dreams.
Teapray  -- High Elf Cleric, 15, slaughtering orcs to help Lenny's faction.

Several others played on Drinal, highest is a level 30 Ranger.
------
My email has been sabotaged.  If you
can't figure out the fake part,
you're not supposed to write me.


