From -4248827348075605240
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: 10b8a7,14cf7c61d12c22c5
X-Google-Attributes: gid10b8a7,public
X-Google-Thread: fb859,14cf7c61d12c22c5
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb859,public
X-Google-Thread: f8b8a,14cf7c61d12c22c5
X-Google-Attributes: gidf8b8a,public
X-Google-Thread: fb739,14cf7c61d12c22c5
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Thread: f5de8,14cf7c61d12c22c5
X-Google-Attributes: gidf5de8,public
X-Google-Thread: 108625,14cf7c61d12c22c5
X-Google-Attributes: gid108625,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-02 08:00:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-01!sn-xit-08!supernews.com!newsfeed.news2me.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.comcast.com!news.comcast.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 02 Jan 2003 09:59:56 -0600
From: "Kenny Boles" <kboles@comcast.net>
Newsgroups: alt.auto.mercedes,alt.feminism,alt.games.diablo2,alt.games.everquest,alt.pagan,alt.religion.christian.last-days
References: <av041d$s54$0@pita.alt.net>
Subject: Re: Hell awaits
Date: Thu, 2 Jan 2003 11:01:04 -0500
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Message-ID: <xRWdnZbi88Zh_ImjXTWcqQ@comcast.com>
Lines: 192
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.59.161.40
X-Trace: sv3-aRHVCurM6BcAl4kED6vgCSE8k5Zkp8Jgd672UKdY7Bm9pEapmM7snISwivkxkc6QMPaxzCRrkyToDqu!NBMjsqw0iD1tn6BLpJODWdSkN3FByyoULENcRzmRJDjmC9yVRgcJ8tjrXZ6R
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.auto.mercedes:63418 alt.feminism:203326 alt.games.diablo2:154179 alt.games.everquest:255424 alt.pagan:50630 alt.religion.christian.last-days:22382

"End Times Prophet" <jsmythe@yahoo.com> wrote in message
news:av041d$s54$0@pita.alt.net...
> It is pretty obvious to me that we are now on the brink of the last days
as
> foretold in the Bible, and it is not because we are about to go to war, it
> is for these reasons.

I'm perfectly aware of the futility that comes with responding to this sort
of cross-posted spam, but as of now, I happen to find it interesting...

> 2) I feel that we have reached the day when children are considered to be
> nothing more than annoying and expensive nuisances as evidenced by recent
> research which shows that 1 million Japanese men sit in their rooms alone
> and afraid to go out and nearly every Japanese woman refuses to have
> children in lieu of a career. I guess they will have to clone children
which
> will be raised by the state no doubt and taught to live according to the
> antichrist's new world plan which is supposed to be oh so much better than
> the way things were before. I'm sure the cloning will always work
perfectly
> and there won't be any abberations of nature as science has proven itself
to
> be so completely infallible so as everything always works out perfectly
and
> does what it is supposed to.

Yes... because it is really such a horrible thing that those women have
chosen not to have children. Those selfish bitches!

If 'God' wanted women to choose whether they wanted children or not, he
would have given them a free-will, or something!

(I trust I don't need to point out my sarcasm?)

> 3) I feel that the day has come where christianity and God's way of living
> will be the only thing considered illegal, and that Christians will be
soon
> discriminated against, then tortured and killed probably on television on
> the most popular new show of the season.

Heh, as entertaining as that could be, I very seriously doubt that will
happen any time soon.

> 4) I can see Satan's deceptions at work, I don't know how but I can.
<Snip>

"I can see the Boogeyman's deceptions at work, I don't know how, but I can."

I honestly hope my comment sounds as ridiculous to you as your comment does
to me.

> Anyway, this great deception of the anti-christ which I believe has
already occured,
> the basic goal of which is to destroy the Christian religion, the
> institution of marriage, and seperate people from each other so they can
be
> easily controlled. The methods of control are the mass media, internet,
and
> education. I will provide examples from the mass media of recent years.

One could argue that education makes people harder to control. Why else do
you think in the Bible, your god declared the Tree of Knowledge's fruit
forbidden? When Adam and Eve ate the fruit, 'God' basically punished man
kind for their new-found intelligence. And damn, does your god hold a
grudge. I find that part of the Bible rather interesting, given
Christianity's problems with science.

Religion just loves people it can lead around blindly.

> 4a) The mass media basically promotes the goals of this luciferian agenda
> which are:
>
>     - Men and women should only be friends, or temporary sex companions
and
> not strongly married as to form a strong family.
>     (Friends:TV show, I saw a box of cereal last night called friends
cereal
> that had a picture of a little boy and girl)

...You're saying that men and women should not be friends, and that women
should only be people you consort with when you want to start a family?

I think that if you spend time with women with your mind set on passing on
your genes, you're treating them as an object. On the other hand, if you
befriend a woman out of pure interest of their personality -not as a
child-bearer-, you're treating them as an equal.

Either way, I know Christianity hates women, but this is getting to be
pathetic.

>     - Women begin to worship themselves as goddesses and put themselves
over
> men which generally does not tend to lend itself to a happy marriage.
>      (Home shopping club, QVC)

One could argue that men have done the same to women.

> 4b) Internet:
>
>     -People of all types spend a ridiculous amount of time on the
internet,
> paying to be indoctrinated into the ways of the luciferian agenda, and not
> being outside or with other people, usually eating quickly prepared
> processed foods with little nutritive value, and being hopelessly addicted
> to what really is clicking the mouse repeatedly to recieve positive
> reinforcement that is scheduled at random intervals. In the case of Diablo
> II, they are getting the pleasurable reinforcement associated with Satanic
> imagery(Everquest, Diablo II)

Did 'ya ever notice that anything that makes you happy or feel good is
perceived as evil? Sex/masturbation, food, drugs, games, television, movies,
music, books - you name it.

Because in the end, Elvis' moving legs and the Beatles' "I wanna hold your
hand..." are going to condemn us to our own personal Hell, where whenever
one of their songs is played, you are poked in the ass with a pitchfork.

I won't even elaborate about the old belief that masturbation caused hairy
palms...

>     -Porn, there is a lot of porn on the internet which I'm sure is viewed
> by most of the men on earth, as they certainly aren't having sex with
> anyone.

Porn just makes you lose interest in the women you could actually obtain.

The people that prefer the porn to an actual person probably wouldn't be a
great parent, anyhow... so isn't that sort of a good thing?

>     - an education agenda which promotes people who exhibit a herd
tendency
> 5) Major concepts of luciferian agenda:
>     - Make people unable to think for themselves to the point where they
> will accept anything they are told

Heh, that is the premise of just about every religion.

Don't forget, you're the one that believes in an invisible, magical man who
lives in this wondrous place called "Heaven," he sees all, knows all, and
yet does nothing about the suffering that his creation endures... -and you
believe that he loves you!-

How more naive could one possibly get?

> I don't know, this is all so obvious to me that anyone who rejects this is
> doing it only because the pride in their hearts is blinding them from
> realizing that now it is almost impossible to have children, and even if
you
> did you would never be home to raise them, soon I believe that the Sabbath
> day which is Sunday will be outlawed and people will work 7 days a week
all
> in their insistence to show how great and marvellous their works are
> compared to God.

How is it almost impossible to have children? I think it's actually easier
than ever... sex isn't exactly a complicated thing to do adequately (Heh,
for a man's definition of 'adequately' at least). Hell, teenagers are
starting earlier than ever. Why not complain about that?

"You thrust your pelvis, hruh!"
-'Duckman'

As for your "the sky is falling!" tirade about the Sabbath day, once again,
that's not going to happen any time soon - especially in your life time.

> I guess what I am trying to get at is that the world today with all it's
> technological marvels is signifigantly worse than it was 2003 years ago.
> People today are obese, overeducated, overmedicated, overworked, sexually
> and emotionally deprived. From a completely unbiased standpoint, it seems
> like the design plan of the world today is a nightmare compared to what it
> would have been like 2000 years ago.

Yes... I, like most people, hate being well fed, intelligent, clean, and
healthy. God damn you, technology! I curse you to the deepest pits of Hell
for making my life easier and more comfortable!

> Hell, the world was still pretty cool 10 years ago. It's completely
obvious
> that the whole spirit of the anti-christ is merely to try to design a
> better world than God did in order to replace him and make people
> worship him and his greatness.

If I'm wrong, and if God does in fact exist, he made a pretty shitty world
to begin with - so it's not like the anti-Christ has a lot of work to do.

--
Professional Lurker, Amateur Philosopher
"Religion has caused more misery to all men in every state of human history
than any other single idea."
-Madelyn Murray-O'Hair




