From 7505480103405759460
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ff61cfb5a9b520a1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-03 03:56:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Rathe Mountains Ongoing Event
Date: Sat, 03 Nov 2001 06:56:24 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3BE3DB68.620CDFDB@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 41
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:132298

We stopped in to Rathe Mtns last night with the usual list of suspects
plus a 51 ranger friend from my guild. We entered via the Lake Rathe
entrance. I counted seventeen (yes, that's *seventeen*) corpses in the
entry channel upon zone in. Seventeen people who got that close and
still couldn't make it to the zone line. I was joking around with Tiru,
saying "Screw HG's and special event mobs. You could just sit here
rezzing this week and make about a bazillion plat."
  You'd think that after fiftyone levels, I would have looked at
*seventeen* corpses (many with Xev Uberguild tags on them) and gotten
some sort of hint. But no. My INT is about six, apparently, so I bravely
went in to scout things out.
  Saw the Bloodreaver. (Huge dragon skeleton, for those who haven't seen
him.) He conned blue to Tiru, so I don't know what level this guy is,
but he's less than 48. There were also multiple skeletal drakes,
beautiful black horses ("Nightmares" I think) and spectr looking
creatures. 
  Orlun suddenly yelled incoming, and I *swear* I had just seen
Bloodreaver on the far side of that valley, and *POOF*. He was in the
channel right on top of us. I made it to the zone with a bub of health.
Orlun died, which is rare for that Rogue.
   We're apparently not very good at picking up on subtl hints, as Tiru
and I also died on our subsequent attempts to sneak in and pull
something. Those things have a monstrous aggro range.
  A high forties cleric friend came and joined us and ported us to
Feerott so we could sneak in from the other side. We went to HG valley
where things were a bit more spread out and tame. Sadly, every single
mob there was green to me, so no xp. The loot was total crap. Even off
the named stuff we pulled, the only two items we saw drop all night that
looked remotely useful for anyone but an alt twink were a bard only
weapon (13/36 I think, with a flame lick proc) and a monk only belt with
zero weight and some fair stats on it.
  But, loot and xp aside, it was still rather fun, as there were new
mobs there we'd never seen before. By the way, those horses are *really*
well made. Just beautiful. Might try it a bit more in case something
warrior or cleric, rogue useful drops, but not sure.
-- 
jaZZ md
*******
"Every revolution evaporates and leaves behind only the slime of a new
bureaucracy."
- - Franz Kafka


