From -8141576693655870603
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,fd4f8ab11a6f96c3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-06-06 04:59:38 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: New focus items - messed up overpowered?
Date: Thu, 06 Jun 2002 07:57:43 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3CFF4E37.CB6ED478@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <eT+aPBAcry$8Ewzd@armoury1.demon.co.uk> <r%FL8.205989$Po6.364087@rwcrnsc52.ops.asp.att.net> <0uGL8.265261$o66.682871@news-server.bigpond.net.au>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 86
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:201441

Rastus wrote:

> I think the choice of items was brilliant. It is an alternate route to
> power - to gain power in focus items you can take an easy route and
> sacrifice traditional strengths. It is also a route that actually also
> benefits those who have no interest in the "FoH uber road to assholery" game
> style. Maybe that is what is generating the ill will? That powerful gear is
> now availiable to *anyone* ~ can't have commoners swimming around dirtying
> up the pool?

I was immediately struck with a feeling of "there will have to be
adjustments" when I saw what items the effects were put on, so I can
kind of see (at least in part) where Ben's coming from. Also, I doubt
it's any sort of knee-jerk reaction from the "uber road to assholery"
POV either, as Ben has been one of the least pretentious here, among the
truly uber. And these concerns are valid, though I'm not sure exactly
how much of a "problem" it is.

First, in terms of risk/reward (which is the POV I think the truly
"Ubah" will take) there are certainly some issues to be raised. There's
a level II effect on an item that drops in Najena. There's a level I
effect on one that drops off a fairly tough mob (for level appropriate
characters) in Lower Guk. You must admit, that's rather odd to say the
least.

Had they put Level III effects *only* on items that drop from AoW and
above, then sure... that would have been additional pandering to to the
people up in Ben's strata. But they didn't. Might have gone a bit *too*
far in the other direction, though.

There's also the issue of class appropriateness for the items. One
example, that I can't call to mind on one cup of coffe, was an item that
had an effect that obviously all the clerics and shammies would want.
(One of the healing ones, I'm sure?) and it's put on an item that has
INT only and no WIS! No cleric/shammy would *ever* want to be stuck
wearing this item before, but now they might have to if they want the
focus effect? Come on! It had to be an accident because lots of others
are on gear appropriate for the class in question. (When I logged in, I
already had five items I was actively wearing/using with effects on
them. And they were effects I would *want*, too.... not like they were
all necro summoning effects on a wizard.)

> Some of the focus effects are on already Uber gear - some of it is on old
> school yard trash, would it really be better to make it <all> out of reach
> to the non dragonslaying? The positive side is if you <are> a top end
> player - you can get the same focus effects without making huge sacrifices
> in stats etc as the "commoners" do.

I view some of the more recent game changes, and the caster balancing in
particular, as being part of a larger "balancing" act going on at VI
between the ultrashinyuber and the unwashed masses. AA skills, and now
caster focus items (and the previous improvements, like crits, etc.) are
things that everyone can benefit from. The melee are saddled with the
curse of being gear slaves. And to be truly uber as a melee, you god
damned well better be in FoH, LoS, Dark Horizons, or something on that
level, or you're just never getting to the top shelf in your class.

The casters however, are seeing the start of an era where that's not
quite as cast in stone for them. Any old guild, be it ever so humble,
can have, for example, a wizard or two that goes and sits alone at the
raptors and quads there way to sixty and then up to manaburn AA level.
Get a few of those, and your options are suddenly opened up a bit more.
Other caster class improvements provide similar, if less dramatic,
benefits.

Friend of mine on my server has a human warlord and a 59 BL. He made
warlord before last Thanksgiving, but being in a "non-ubah" guild, he's
still never seen one fight in ToVN. However, his guild started focusing
on recruiting more wizards, mages and necros a while back and leveling
them up. Last week they cleared PoA alone, for the first time. He's
getting pretty close to finishing his epic, and they have done some
dragons. 

Some of the Ubers may pitch a bitch about the "commoners swimming around
dirtying up the pool" (by the way, Chimp, I love that phrase) but these
changes are putting some long awaited balance into aspects of the game
that were previously set in stone for the priveleged few. I know it's
one of the primary reasons that I picked up my wizard again last month
after letting him sit collecting dust at level 24 for a year. He dinged
41 last night and is halfway to 42 already. ;-)
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"An army of sheep led by a lion would defeat an army of lions led by a
sheep."
-- Arab proverb


