From 4708751784220637104
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3e581024d28a6d2d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-17 12:34:17 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!torn!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news0.telusplanet.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "James" <jamesgrahame@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3bc4d030.1344575@news> <1it9st8i9o90cnau8lk2o1k03tivnm6072@4ax.com> <3BC595CC.669990AB@hotmail.com> <rxkx7.2$eK.2271@news03.micron.net> <3bc61295$0$35569$1dc6e903@news.corecomm.net> <1538A69B9AE25DB0.4B7C5B04FF1F5F13.E5423293104F2E40@lp.airnews.net> <tyIy7.748$%K4.207126@news1.telusplanet.net> <3BCC3608.98659D94@serv.net> <tsomlbt7co4je4@corp.supernews.com> <Pine.SOL.3.96.1011017091521.5877C-100000@virgo.cus.cam.ac.uk> <tsrbmpn33abqc6@corp.supernews.com>
Subject: Re: DAoC is here!  So long EQ... it's been fun!
Lines: 173
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 4.72.3110.1
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Message-ID: <U2lz7.10114$Og4.1292499@news0.telusplanet.net>
Date: Wed, 17 Oct 2001 19:34:12 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.72.152
X-Trace: news0.telusplanet.net 1003347252 216.232.72.152 (Wed, 17 Oct 2001 13:34:12 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 17 Oct 2001 13:34:12 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:127138


Ray Miller wrote in message ...
>
>I believe the Trade Skill raw materials are priced
>right to be a steady money sink, and they *would* actually take money off
of
>the servers except for the facts that a) a player only need buy one suit of
>banded armor.... ever, because it never wears out and never leaves the
>server, and b) players don't need to buy banded armor at all because it is
>of much much lower quality than most things that are already floating
around
>on the mature servers, also that never leave, and being passed down from
>character to character.

    Skilling up is what sinks cash in tradeskills. Every failure is pure
cash out of the system, with no possibility of return. The big problem with
trade skills as a money sink is that not many people DO trade skills. Most
are out there killing stuff for XP, and cash. Making more quests like the
Shawl and Dragon Name quests, which require high trade skill levels and
return No Drop items, would help in this regard.

>The only real money sinks in EQ now are food which is not even a drop in
the
>bucket, some magic items like those travelers boot things (also which don't
>deteriorate so they only have to be bought once), potions like the water
>breathing things that can be bought from merchants and sow potions that can
>be bought from shaman (which is a good example of a good trade skill item.
>One that is in demand, is used for a short time, then has to be replaced),
>and possibly a few other small examples.

    Ahem - peridots. I submit those little green gems are the biggest money
sink in EQ today. Symbols, 'skins, 'banes, CoH - gem reagents are
everywhere. Also port stones to certain planes, coffins, and some quests
which require cash (like JBoots).

    I wonder, though - a lot of folks complain that they're short on cash
constantly. Could it be that cash is not leaving the system fast enough, but
IS being concentrated in the hands of a few wealthy players? It would be
interesting to see a "Fippy's Facts" indicating what percent of a server's
total plat the richest ten percent of characters hold, like with usual
poverty statistics.

>I think Verant might be trying to get some of the money off of the servers
>with the horses being so expensive, but again, people will buy their
horses,
>they won't deteriorate and the money will just start piling back up on the
>server again.  This is one of those temporary economy fixes that Verant is
>famous for.

    Part of the problem is that these money sinks help increase the
efficiency at which money enters the system. Players with horses will
presumably have less travel downtime, and so will accumulate cash faster by
spending more time killing. The way to fight this in part is simply to
reduce the amount of cash entering the system by killing mobs. Eliminate the
"cash cow" giants in the old world, and have more raid-level mobs drop
nothing but No Drop items - no cash, no gems, just the items. Then increases
in hunting efficiency introduced by new cash sinks would NOT lead to
increased cash flow into the system.

    Look at Velk's for a good example of how to set up a cash sink without
it looking like one:

    In the spider area, no coins drop. Drops are the rare gem (sells for 20
pp to vendors but is usually a quest gem that is used to obtain No Drop
gear), No Drop threads, magic items that don't get sold to vendors, and
crystalline silks/velium bits and bricks. The silks and velium items have
some vendor value, but are mostly used up in trade skill raising and/or the
making of one use Gate potions. These potions also require some
vendor-purchased components, and can only be made once Pottery has been
skilled up a good deal (cheap, but a money sink). The bricks of velium CAN
be sold for a few plat, but are heavy enough to discourage people from
taking them as loot items. And the rare spider fur and spider leg drops sell
for a pittance.

    By making this area popular through recent changes, there's maybe three
parties of players who are NOT in Seb killing frogs that drop 4 or 5 plat
per kill and have a chance at dropping pre-planar or planar gems table loot.
That's a fair cash sink, but it's not one the players will ever complain
about.

>I have suggested gambling before with very bad odds, maybe averaging a 75
to
>80 percent payout, which would be a good sink.  They've even got casinos in
>place in Highpass Hold... just make them work.  But this probably won't
ever
>be done.

    It wouldn't attract the kind of money you'd want to leave the system
unless there was some sort of "rare drop" prize - and if there was, players
would scream at how much of a cash grab it was.

>No, Verant are great game designers, but they are *not* economists and
after
>a few years, their extreme lack of foresight concerning the game's economy
>is blaringly obvious.

    Although they are guilty of lack of foresight, I imagine the economy is
quite close to what THEY want it to be. Just not what some players would
like to see.

>Not to everyone of course.  The bulk of people who
>play EQ like to kill monsters and get cool magic items and don't know
and/or
>care why there are vast discrepancies in the price of various items

    Discrepancies are related to function and rarity, pure and simple. Like
they would be in any economy.

>or why
>many magic items are offered "for trade only"

    A few reasons here. One, the player making that offer has specific
equipment needs, and simply doesn't want to hang around in the auction zone
trying to fill them after making his trade. As you pointed out, most people
playing EQ like to kill monsters, not sit on their asses hoping someone
comes along with what they want. Accepting a cash offer can also lead to NOT
getting all of what they need if they've misread the current market cash
price of the items they're looking for, and that sours folks on accepting
cash. Finally, the player simply doesn't need cash for anything. Any time
one makes a trade one must accept the risk that you'll be stuck with what
you traded for, unable to move it. If they get cash when they already have
sufficient cash, it's a useless surplus. If they get items which they screen
for desireability, though, then there always will be a use for what they
get.

> or why nobody is able to sell patchwork,

    It's not just that patchwork armour can linger on a server forever. As
people get better armour, many sell their patchwork to merchants, keeping
the supply low. The issue with patchwork is that it's quite easy to get the
skills to make it yourself (as opposed to buying it from others), and that
the sellers aren't in the same place the buyers are. Skilling up to make
patchwork HAS to be easy, or else folks couldn't use Tailoring to equip
themselves - they'd already have better by the time the skill was high
enough. People who want  to sell patchwork generally have to be in newbie
areas with new players, as opposed to twinks. But few tailors go to newbie
areas to sell. Where one DOES see patchwork selling is exactly where one
would expect to see it - on a new server, during the first few weeks, when
some players make their own and sell surplus to others in the newbie areas.
Repeat these arguments for leather and banded.

>The people who enjoy
>doing tradeskills and selling their wares play UO (or soon DAoC).

    I imagine they play UO because UO has made allowances specifically for
tradeskillers. They allow tradeskillers to gather materials without having
to increase in combat skill. This allows for "solo merchants", which in the
group-oriented EQ is against The Vision (TM). It'll take some time to find
out the answer, but I imagine tradeskillers in DAoC will also have to get
off their butts and level to pursue tradeskills. They'll have to deal with
the risk/cost of travel, thin margins from competition, (possibly)
insufficient funds from Tasks, and eventually will require the skill to
complete quests to receive "quest-only" recipes. While much superior to EQ
in terms of allowing pure merchants (especially because of the guaranteed
superiority of tradeskill items over drops, and because of item decay), it
still won't be as good as UO.

>You are right that there are some things that Verant can do to "patch" the
>economy or get money to flow temporarily, but I honestly don't think EQ
will
>ever have a real economy.

    The EQ economy works rather well at getting goods and services to those
who require them and can afford them, which is what you want an economy to
do. Where it fails is in reducing the wealth flowing into the economy to
more manageable levels, and integrating people who want only to do
economy-related tasks (tradeskillers). And the latter problem seems to be
one which is by design, as opposed to accidental.

    James





