From 6011270446548394310
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b087bd68999351bd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!news4
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: My analysis of where GoD went wrong.
Date: Thu, 27 May 2004 12:32:12 -0500
Organization: http://newsguy.com
Lines: 90
Message-ID: <c958mm09uo@news4.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-299.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:3878

Well, while I still play EQ and continue to keep playing for a long while,
my interest has definitely waned.  One of my guildleaders will be going to
San Diego to talk with Smedly about EQ.  I posted this on my guild forums
and thought I'd post it here, too.  This is what I think SOE did wrong with
GoD.

First, I truly think they made a big mistake in making CR's so difficult in
GoD. No graveyards, no nearby place to bind, blue see-invis mobs that could
one-round a naked cleric... this was very discouraging. Perhaps we got
spoiled by PoP... we could bind in a zone (PoTranq) with no aggroing mobs,
zone into wherever we had died, and either wait for our corpse to GY or ask
some necro or SK to make a quick and easy journey to the zone to retrieve
our corpses for us. Try asking someone to run to Yxxta to retrieve a corpse
for ya or rez ya. =/

The problem is that SOE removed many of the difficulties associated with
CR's... then promptly reintroduced them in the next expansion. That was
highly discouraging to people who had gotten used to the ease of CR's. And
it was so unnecessary. Why did they do that? That fueled players' suspicions
that developers were people who didn't actually play the game and had no
real idea of the impact that their design decisions would have on our EQ
experience.

The other major problem is that they finally fell victim to their own
mudflation. Every expansion had been adding more and more AA's and more and
better weapons / armor / spells that made players into mini-gods themselves.
Heck any 65 player could solo Naggy if it weren't for that
aggro-and-get-TL'd thing. With so many people spouting full sets of Time
gear, the next expansion had to be extremely difficult to be at all
challenging.

So they introduced all those max-hitting spell-resistant mobs. Trials became
nightmares as one little mistake meant a wipe and the subsequently difficult
CR. Boss mobs became time-consuming ring events. And Uqua... goodness.
Reduce us to wimps, force us to wipe over and over again, make it so that a
mistake halfway-in makes you have to start all over again. It became
extremely discouraging.

And that leads us to the next mistake I think they made: time commitment.
They made things *have* to take hours and hours to do. Like Smith Rondo, we
can't just set up CotH near where we're going to fight him... no, we have to
clear to and kill several mobs to get the drops we need just to trigger him,
then clear to where we need to fight him. What SOE failed to realize is that
this isn't fun. Smith Rondo may be a fun fight when you actually get to
trigger the event, but the time it took just to trigger everything... ugh.
People had to stay on for long periods of time. EQ became a job, not a
diversion. SOE failed to take into account that forcing people to stay
online for hours to finish one event is not fun. Sure, make it challenging,
but don't make it *that* long. Dragging an event out makes it much less fun
for those who have to go through it.

And then, finally, the other thing that made GoD not so much fun: everything
was the same. Every trial was going through the same stone passageways to
fight the same blue golems. PoF, PoE, PoW... those each had unique looks.
But all of the trials were the *exact same zone* over and over again. That
lack of variety gets tiring after a while.

Add all that together and that means SOE made a series of poor decisions
that leeched the fun out of EQ. I honestly think they took the wrong lesson
from listening to the rants of Furor et. al. Yes, we want a new expansion to
be challenging, but not in a way that grinds fun into the ground and
thoroughly extinguishes it.

At this point, I'm not sure how much they can fix GoD. They've already done
quite a lot by making CR's a lot less dangerous. I'd suggest they go a
little further by making it possible to bind at the zone-line of most of the
GoD zones and re-instituting graveyards.

But how do you change the sameness of the trials or the time commitment
required by raids in GoD? Not certain. They're clever people I suppose, they
can think of something - maybe removing all that's required to trigger the
Smith Rondo event, for example.

Anyway, the above is only my opinion and is probably not representative of
anyone else's. =)


-- 
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Archon of Rodcet Nife
Silent Tempest

Marrtuk
Knight of Mithaniel Marr

Drinal server




