From 5578595407045430724
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b854cc15eed94c80,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-02-01 19:12:05 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <anniebenlen@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Most Distracting LDoN (Long)
Date: Sun, 01 Feb 2004 20:57:57 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <401DBCB5.B4C95BDC@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 72
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17590

     So, I was the leader of a LDoN, and was a little uptight because of an
disagreement I was having with someone about my stupid over-booking ways. The
group I have is good, but the dungeon is a bit hard seeming (though normal
difficulty) and we are having a bit of a problem with crowd control. So it isn't
a cakewalk, and I am having a blast.

    Then I notice my white and orange tom cat Abondigas (Spanish for "Meatball")
sitting on my desk next to my keyboard and staring intently at the top of the
hutch on my desk. This is a bit puzzling to me, since the only thing up there is
a boombox. I look up also and see nothing particularly interesting. "What the
hell are you looking at?" I ask him.

     He doesn't answer, but Lenny turns around from his desk to see what I'm
talking about. I point to Abondigas, then he notices that Gem and Skitty on his
desk are both staring at the exact same spot. He also looks and see nothing.
Now, cats are known to have powerful hallucinations. But usually not in unison.
Lenny looks again, and then he sees it. A small bird perched on the end of the
curtain rod above the radio. He points it out to me... just as our puller come
back with 2.

     As the cleric, I cannot just wander away to catch a bird. Lenny types out
"Gotta go, bird in the house!" and tries to catch it. The bird, predictably,
doesn't appreciate that and flies off in the direction of another curtain
rod.... this one on the far side of the hot tub. Lenny takes off after it..
along with 4 of our 5 cats. I really want to see what is going on, but with only
the ranger tanking, two mobs, and no CC I really have to pay attention to my
healing duties. 

     Then I heard the "sploosh", and Lenny cry out "Damn!" It seems that our
youngest cat, Bruce, has been so intent on catching the bird that he ran full
bore into the hot tub, ending up completely underwater, his little paws flailing
in shock, as he slid underwater to the far side of the tub. Unfortunately we had
the lid to the hot tub half open, so the far side of the tub was covered. He
could surface, but not get out. So he backtracks and swims to his launching
point. Lenny is unwilling to have his arms shredded, so doesn't try to help him
out as he claws at the side of the tub. When he does get out, he doesn't even
shake himself off... he is intent on the bird.

     The bird is cornered now, though. Lenny catches it.. .it is breathing so
hard it's little beak was opening and closing. All the cats crowded at Lenny's
feet, apparently in hopes that they would win the roll. Instead, he takes it to
the sliding glass door, and releases it to the wild. Abondigas in particular
looks outraged.... He stares at Lenny with an expression that says "What are you
doing? That was a bird! You HAD it!"

     Lenny gets back to his computer and resumes playing. The rest of the group
is amused by the story of what happened. Lenny and I speculate that the bird may
have come in through the cat door... maybe a kidnap victim. It could have been
hurt, for all we know.

     The dungeon progresses. We are winning, but we cannot take it for granted.
Then someone else in group (I forgot who... the druid maybe?) says "I gotta go
brb!" They do come back in a timely manner, then explain their absence. "My cat
fell into the aquarium and I had to get it out".

   It was a good group, and a good dungeon. But a very bad night for cats.

--
Annie

To join the alt.games.everquest chat channel type /join serverwide.age:age 
If you want to stayed joined, then after that type /autojoin serverwide.age:age

Currently playing:
Teapray-- 51 High Elf Cleric on Firiona Vie

Teamort-- 16 Dark Elf Necromancer of Lanys T'vyl

Lentea-- 35 Ogre Beastlord On Firiona Vie

--
If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


