From -1711753253093862458
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f85ddc75cb3a6f82
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-01-07 01:06:37 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.tele.dk!news.tele.dk!small.news.tele.dk!lnewsoutpeer01.lnd.ops.eu.uu.net!lnewsinpeer00.lnd.ops.eu.uu.net!emea.uu.net!server1.netnews.ja.net!pegasus.csx.cam.ac.uk!libra.cus.cam.ac.uk!tjf11
From: Tim Fitzmaurice <tjf11@cus.cam.ac.uk>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Too Late to Jump on the Everquest Bandwagon?
Date: Wed, 7 Jan 2004 09:06:32 +0000
Organization: University of Cambridge, England
Lines: 68
Message-ID: <Pine.SOL.3.96.1040107083225.25830B-100000@libra.cus.cam.ac.uk>
References: <squmvv86i3c3acuulrj4gfp41ubnm9i91p@4ax.com>
Reply-To: Tim Fitzmaurice <tjf11@cus.cam.ac.uk>
NNTP-Posting-Host: libra.cus.cam.ac.uk
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
In-Reply-To: <squmvv86i3c3acuulrj4gfp41ubnm9i91p@4ax.com>
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14479

On Wed, 7 Jan 2004, Samuel G. Kramer wrote:

> What's everyone's opinion about the short and mid-term future for
> Everquest?  I'm considering starting out in the game, having played
> AD&D in college over 20 years ago, but I know Everquest has been
> around a few years and maybe it's losing players to newer online
> games.  I used to play Air Warrior II & III online and they are no
> longer available.  Will there be Everquest adventures online three
> years from now?

Difficult to say for 3 years - thats quite long term in the life of any
game where the server is run by the manufacturer/rights holder with no 3rd
party locations. There are some games that have lastest that long however
in one form or another. I expect EQ, or rather EQ's playerbase to be
around that long in one place or another - we'll get back to what that
means in cash terms.

Short term the game is going strong despite releases by the manufactuer
and other companies. In amongst those in my guild who have left the game
the return rate to EQ is exceptionally high - they may continue to play
other online games be they MMORPGs or more action related games (Im
addicted to World War II Online for instance) but EQ is a place they
return to consistently. This despite this population trying probably over
half a dozen major releases. Again amongst people I know the only other
game with that level of retention is Ultima Online (a game I don't play -
it didn't suit me when I tried and there are now too many non game
barriers to make me change now) - and that game has gone through a number 
of generations of software.

That raises what I think is the biggest point in these games.....the ones
that survive are those that develop the most thriving communities (missing
guildchat is a commonly cited line for players returning). In online
games, people to play or interact with are the key. THere are various ways
to go about this Quake, Counterstrike do it one way more persistent games
like Fighter Ace and World War II Online do it another, MMORPGs do it yet
more ways and within any group of superficially similar games there will
be different flavours to suit different targets. However to succeed these
games need human to human interaction otherwise there are better single
player games to be had.

EQ is a game that has done this and as such will keep going in short and
mid term in my view. The desire to play leads to funds for the company so
support for the game. It may be that the scheduled release of EQ2 will
affect people playing EQ1 (assuming its good enough). Mainly because I
expect to see a large number of player groups (guilds, sets of friends
etc) moving to that game when its released. However that is a way off yet,
the current gamepack for EQ weighs in at 30 US dollars or a similar
quantity of UK pounds, given it includes a months play in there thats
basically costing 2 months play. Economically the cost of getting into the
game is outweighed by the ongoing fees, the cost of EQ2 is likely to be
of the same order as buying a fresh new expansion to EQ1 anyway and we do 
that here to a large degree for each expansion. It would expose you
to the community and allow you to get involved so even if there is a mass
migration to EQ2 you will be able to move with that flow....if EQ2 bombs I
expect EQ1 will be there for people to come back to (SOE would be realy
dumb to lose EQ1 before making sure EQ2 was well established).

So essentially you need to decide (in my opinion of course) not whether
its worth buying EQ for the long term prospects, but whether the cost of
the entry level pack is too much for the chance you don;t like the game
and its premises and ditch out after a short time (which is where I think
the highest player wastage is in any online game).

Tim
--
When playing rugby, its not the winning that counts, but the taking apart
ICQ: 5178568



