From -5615821849963031024
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f4a427913af2ba39,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-04-23 21:52:06 PST
Path: newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Rammer--" <I'm not @ Home.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: EQ. vs  FA.  
Date: Mon, 23 Apr 2001 23:52:25 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <tea1jlcmh3b407@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 67
Xref: newsfeed.google.com alt.games.everquest:68521

It's come to my attention that the FANG and the EQNG  are having a very
difficult time interacting with one another. I have read headers in EQNG and
it does seem to me that many players in this game have a very hard time
understanding the game play itself, striving to seek out answers to make
their time in this game as easy as possible with many requests for helpful
hints and the like. This in itself is a good thing.
 Upon seeing several members from this NG grazing on over to the FANG in
retribution for the few FAer's that have come to this game and NG. I have
read posts debating the intellect and lack of from both sides and I must say
that debating such is neither here nor there.

 In defense of the FAer's and their NG I most definitely feel the need to
bring to light a major difference in the two NG's. FA is filled with many
adults and business-minded individuals including many real life pilots from
major airlines and military. With this in mind, one must incorporate an
understanding of the mindset that these individuals possess. Most of the
members of FA are more than capable of comprehending the physics and
aerodynamics of the flight model and therefore have little need to fill the
FANG with requests for helpful hints in order to achieve victory over
another opponent. Keeping this in mind, I will take the time to try and
inform you of their willingness to use the FANG for more entertaining
purposes along with an avenue to express themselves in a manner that the
simple-minded could not even attempt to fathom.
 I must say that "your" NG is with all due respect,  filled with many
inquiring minds of the dedicated, to the game play at hand with little time
for anything else in the way of  amusement and/or exploration into the realm
of stress relief.

 One that struggles with the inability to comprehend the intricacies of a
game will most assuredly take offense to those they perceive as asinine or
childish in the face of verbal confrontation. Individuals that fall prey to
those that enter their space with a seemingly malicious persona are but
victims of the puppet masters. This being said I think it would be wise for
those of the EQNG to inform the new members here from FA that the majority
of players in EQ are of the simple minded variety and therefore are
struggling just to achieve the ability to cast a spell.
 I myself will inform the members of the FANG that they are dealing with
many feeble-minded individuals in the EQNG and it's my hope that they will
heed my request to leave this NG alone, but I'm sure they will be more
inclined to seek out those that are capable of understanding the intricacies
of verbal entertainment to say the least. Ignorance to understand what I
speak of, will be of little consequence to me in this matter for which I am
able to accept and understandably so.

 I leave you with this tad bit of insight, "before any of you from EQ enter
the FANG to sling what you consider a flame i.e. insult, seek out others
from your sect with more aptitude in the art of flaming.


    Rammer <----says, Have a good day and don't fret over things you have no
control over.



P.S. I myself possess the IQ of a rock and would not even attempt to
undermine the intellect of this NG.













