From -6584117602021016636
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cc696c86f9679cd9,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-05-17 13:21:25 PST
From: Sebili K'Tharsis <spam@sebili.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: [OT] Debate of Contentious Issues - Bizbee
Date: Thu, 17 May 2001 14:51:00 +0100
Message-ID: <erj7gt0eogv7f59on4nvb18sjsbho274ku@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
NNTP-Posting-Host: 62.232.41.26
X-Trace: 17 May 2001 14:49:15 GMT, 62.232.41.26
Lines: 106
Path: archiver1.sj.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!fr.clara.net!heighliner.fr.clara.net!skynet.be!newspush.london1.eu.level3.net!level3eu!news2lo.highwayone.net!62.232.41.26
Xref: archiver1.sj.google.com alt.games.everquest:75688


I can't help feeling before I start that this will be a futile
exercise, but I'd like to at least try. I propose a debate between
myself and Bizbee, wherein we can logically and calmy discuss the
points of contention that I (and others) have with regards to Bizbee's
behaviour within this newsgroup.

Ground rules for debate:-

1) Only myself (Craig McDonald) or Bizbee (Ron A Green) may post in
this thread. Any other posts *here* should be ignored. Any comments
anyone wants to make can go in a seperate thread running parallel to
this one; entitled e.g. "[OT] Debate of Contentious Issues - comments"

2) No name-calling allowed. Either of each other or of others who may
or may not be mentioned. Going down that path will lead only to
flames, and I'd like to try and keep this debate free of distractions
of that kind.

3) Swearing in general not allowed. Neither of us is averse to
swearing or (as you Americans say, so quaintly) cussing, but I feel it
won't be helpful in this debate and may just lead straight to flames.

4) This will be a tad difficult, I'm sure, but no quoting of other
posts, either our own or of other people. Reason? I'm after a simple
point-by-point debate about the issues as stated below. We should be
able, I'm sure, to state our cases clearly in our own words. Also, any
quoted text is more than likely to contain content which contravenes
rules 2 and 3.

They are the ground rules. I may well have missed something(s) out,
but I feel that they will basically keep things relatively civil for
the duration of the debate.

Points of contention:-

When someone discovers a.g.e. for the first time and makes a post
here, we have a few avenues we can take. We can choose not to be
helpful and ignore it completely. We can refer them to the FAQ (when
applicable). We can reply to their question, giving them their answer
and feeling a little better about ourselves having helped someone who
is where we all once were.

Calling them names and questioning their intelligence isn't helpful.
You could (rightly) say that you are sick of seeing the same tired old
questions day in day out. Then leave someone who isn't yet sick of
replying to answer their question. If it gets to the stage where you
are seeing the same question time and time again, then it either isn't
in the FAQ (give Taras a shout) or the FAQ isn't being promoted as
frequently or as obviously as it should.

Sometimes people just post without first checking for an FAQ or
lurking for a week. It happens. For whatever reason, it happens. You
will never, ever be able to change human nature. These things *will*
happen.

If you are even remotely interested in this newsgroup's future, why oh
why oh why do you insist on flaming these people? Flames beget flames.
When they don't beget flames they cause people to stop visiting this
newsgroup. Do you have some kind of private agenda whereby you're
trying to filter new arrivals so that those *you* like are welcomed
and those *you* like are flamed, flame-back and end up in people's
kill-filters? I'm fascinated to hear your reasoning for this.

It is this, more than any other aspect of your behaviour, that causes
the vast majority of flamewars in this newsgroup. If you really really
can't find it in yourself to provide positive, non-inflamatory
replies, for pity's sake just ignore them!

Other examples where I (and the vast majority of the newsgroup) am
able to simply ignore a post:-

"Characters being offered for sale"

"Verant/EQ sucks/I'm quitting"

"Pyramid marketing scams"

The one which is *most* likely to draw attention from others (not just
you) are the Verant/EQ sucks threads. These are usually either:-

a) Outright troll attempts ; don't feed them

b) People who go on to explain *why* they think Verant/EQ sucks.

If people are able to explain their issues of contention and highlight
actual examples which have led them to come to this conclusion, then I
am prepared to read their words and either agree or disagree with
them. Some of them are pretty valid points.

Why, then, do you just get the flame-thrower out once again?

There are other things I could mention, but these are easily the most
agrivating points of contention I have with your behaviour. I would
like to hear the reasoning behind your actions.

Please keep within the guidelines that I set at the start of this post
(and adhered to, myself) when (and if) you reply.

Sebilis K'Tharsis - 23 Iksar Monk
Kelteh Wyrmreaver - 51 Dark Elf Shadow Knight

A.K.A.

Craig McDonald



