From 5748751726699072816
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e0970b4493a66f45
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-29 22:56:43 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: londriel@blueyonder.co.uk (Londriel)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Camping for the Glowing Black Stone is driving me INSANE!
Date: 29 Nov 2002 22:56:42 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 93
Message-ID: <d9b74d86.0211292256.6b7f98d@posting.google.com>
References: <F8udna5Hqr0ZbEWgXTWcpg@comcast.com> <d9b74d86.0211250828.cfc799d@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 62.30.112.3
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1038639403 3883 127.0.0.1 (30 Nov 2002 06:56:43 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 30 Nov 2002 06:56:43 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:249432

Greetings,

Finally I managed to scrape together the motivation to descend into
the slimy hell that is Guk once again. As I entered I quickly enquired
from the friendly forces present whether anyone is intent on slaying
the arch magus. No response.

Interesting I think and make my way towards the arch magus' lair. A
fellow adventurer does mention that the stench of the arch magus hung
thick upon the air not long ago but it seems to be gone now. I refuse
to let this information sway me in any way and steadily trundle on.

I evade the pit trap and slip around the other way and pass through
the secret wall. I see a frog warrior in front of me and turn around.
Speechless I stare into the dead eyes of the arch magus. The arch
magus is not speechless however, his lips are moving and a low chant
comes from his mouth. I strain to hear the words and then I realize it
is magic. His eyes...they are looking directly at me, not fooled by my
invisibilty spell. A viscious bolt of energy slams into my carelessly
applied defenses and tears it away. At the same time the frog warrior
becomes aware of my presence and does his best to skewer me on his
sword. I hastily dazzle the arch magus, neutralizing the greater
threat. I take a few steps back into the corner with the warrior still
beating on me. I wedge myself tightly and so that any movement due to
the fighting not interrupt my casting and I proceed to dazzle the
warrior as well.

Control.

The fight is won. They had their chance. The only way I can lose this
fight now is if I make a mistake. I sit down and flip open the spell
book. I memorize the spell that will call forth my best animation. I
quickly reapply my defensive spells and then call forth my animation.
I haste and shield my animation. I keep the warrior and arch magus
dazzled for the moment. I drain mana from the arch magus and slow the
warrior. Then I sit down and wait for the warrior to break free from
the dazzling lights.

The warrior breaks free and comes after me. Its actions are so slow
and pathetic that I have no problem absorbing the initial assault,
rooting the froggy to the ground and stepping well out of range. I
infuse my pet with berserker spirit and sit down for a puff on my pipe
while my animation does it's best to decapitate the warrior.

While the battle is raging I keep the arch magus dazzled and draining
mana from it. Soon the lifeless, and unlifeless, body of the warrior
froggy falls to the ground with a satisfying squelch. I managed to
salvage it's sword for my animation as well.

I torture the arch magus some more by keeping it dazzled until I feel
adequately meditated to face the challenge. I slow the arch magus,
protect my animation and myself the best I can and then sit down
waiting for the arch magus to regain control of his thoughts.

Suddenly the arch magus start chanting again and I stand ready to face
the assault. The spells rips all my defenses away once again and
instantly the arch magus is on me beating, clawing and biting. I root
it and back away letting my animation do the dirty work.

The fight is much harder. This arch magus is definitely stronger than
the previous one I fought. It chews through my animation's beserker
spirit and I find myself continuously cloaking my animation in a
protection of runes and infusing the berserker spirit. I keep draining
mana from the arch magus but even that is not enough. Suddenly the
slow spell wears off and my animation take a severe beating. I finally
manage to complete the incantation and the arch magus slow down in the
nick of time. My animation is badly damaged and I quickly renew the
shields on it. The arch magus is wavering but the battle is entirely
too close for my liking. My own mana reserves are dwindling. I have to
finish this fight quickly. I sit down and memorize my strongest damage
spell. Time to fry the critter's mind. I have to renew the shields on
my animation once again and now it is barely alive. I start casting my
damage spell. Slowly and precisely I phrase the incantation. Halfway
through my casting the arch magus finally slays my animation. It gave
one look at me chanting away and lost all stomach for the fight, it
tried to limp away but it had barely taken a step when the full force
of my magic slammed into it's brain. Vacantly it stumbled on
completely bereft of it's senses but somehow still alive. I quickly
root it to the ground. I wait for my thoughts to gather then begin too
cast the killing blow but I have pushed myself too far. I cannot keep
a coherent though. I collapse on the ground and do my calming
excercises. I push all thoughts out of my mind. Make my mind a placid
lake. No ripples. I feel a semblance of control return. I get to my
feet and say the words of destruction. The arch magus' head explodes.
There is no other way to describe it.

An epic battle. I walk over to the arch magus corpse and on his body I
find the robe. I expected no less. The reward was fitting for the
battle. For a moment I am very happy but it soon fades as my thoughts
are occupied with a bandit in the karanas, a human monk of ill repute,
Thrackin Griffen. Sleep light, I am coming for you...

Regards,


