From -3075064438338945426
X-Google-Thread: fb739,216d87fd62c7479f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 07 Jun 2006 18:21:20 -0500
Date: Wed, 07 Jun 2006 19:21:20 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Rogue writeup for FAQ
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <AcydnYALmeztwhrZnZ2dnUVZ_rWdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 87
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.32.31
X-Trace: sv3-VNOd7inbXduwpH3REXW6AigTbc0C/VigPT/W5jXzbAPfV9iFeuo4UXMx8vh29UVovgfwyDdd7HKPOXu!/KTp8N3rjKCp7Wb9whOSrLvW1OaId18+JdRc9D8afdkcV+DUpSaLAox/8cABivwlSyVESZRhLUMo!jRgdPU0g0g==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:2348

note: Please someone write a better one than this!

Rogue

Berserker

Traditional duty: melee damage.  Other roles: scout, puller, body 
recovery, last ditch backup tank.  A poor solo class, berserkers have 
moderately good DPS from the front but extremely good DPS from the back, 
they don't get enough AC, HP, or avoidance to really serve well as main 
tanks, and even when (due to good gear and buffs) they  -can- serve in 
that capacity, it involves sacrificing a healthy chunk of their DPS. 
Value on raids is very high, as they have some of the highest 
sustainable DPS in the game, and plenty of aggro avoidance to go with 
it, and raids find a lot of value in their "other roles" abilities.

Rogues have no mana bar to worry about, basically functioning off of 
timers and player skill; positioning and aggro management and so forth 
are their main worries in a fight, outside the fight, they have the 
ability to Hide and to Sneak (which other classes share) but also to do 
both at the same time, making them able to move while hidden, invisible 
in a way no other class can be, to both live and undead mobs.  At high 
levels, this ability becomes astonishing, allowing them to literally 
walk past (nearly?) any mob in the game.  At low levels, this 
combination forces them to move very slowly, but with SOW or the proper 
AAs at higher levels, they can end up moving fast enough to make very 
good use of this ability.

Rogues don't solo well, classically, with good gear and buffs they can 
do so to some extent, but since by and large this means sacrificing a 
big portion of their main claim to fame, DPS, this tends to be reserved 
for cherry picking lower level named mobs.

The key function of the rogue is their "backstab" ability; available on 
a timer, this functions as an extra attack and does damage as a multiple 
of the damage stat of their weapon.  This is radically different than 
the similar Berserker abilities such as Flurry, which do a fixed amount 
of damage unrelated to gear, and is the key to producing extremely high 
DPS; rogue is very dependant on their choice of weapon.  The rogue must 
be behind the mob when hitting Backstab to do this damage, if she's not, 
she'll still get an extra attack, but only at normal damage for the 
weapon.  Backstab is also a major Aggro producer, which means that 
timing is critical; the rogue must be able to dump aggro to someone else 
in order to get that backstab in in the first place, and then must be 
able to lose aggro afterwards (or not get it in the first place despite 
the backstab)

This brings us to Evade.  Not technically a seperate skill, its another 
"rogue only" use of the existing Hide skill; in combat, a successful 
Evade (success being predicated on your hide skill) will allow you to 
temporarily drop aggro entirely.  To do this, you must turn off attack, 
then hide, and hope for the best.  This ability is on a timer of roughly 
the same lenght as the Backstab one, and can be used one of two ways; 
either evade, then backstab, then go back to fighting, if you are 
functioning as "main tank" (this means the mob is beating on you, but 
turns away to your companion for just a blow or two, long enough for you 
to stab him in the back) or if your MT has aggro, backstab then 
immediately Evade if your backstab got the mob's attention. (a good MT 
will be able to gain aggro again fairly shortly since you aren't doing 
any more damage till you go back into attack mode).  Or even better, 
don't evade at all, a really good MT can hold aggro despite your 
annoying backstabbing behavior!

Due to evade, it is possible for a rogue to serve as Main Tank on fairly 
easy mobs, or early in the game where mobs simply aren't that hard. 
They still tend to avoid soloing, because they need someone to stand 
next to the mob when they evade; the mob will only turn their back on 
them if there's someone else standing there on the hate list to attack 
instead.  At high levels, some rogues have claimed good results working 
with feats which allow them to backstab even from the front... but few 
say this is better for them than grouping with just about any other class.

One other thing needs to be said about rogues.  They also have the 
ability to Pickpocket mobs, taking with each successful attempt a 
portion of the cash loot the mob was carrying.  This is undetectable... 
and extremely unfortunate, since it means many groups refuse to take 
rogues, fearing that they'll end up taking far more than their share of 
the loot.  At high levels, this doesn't matter much, since the actual 
cash mobs carry tends to cap out and become unimportant.  At any level, 
though, the obvious solution is to allow the rogue to be "master 
looter", the person responsible for looting all the bodies and then 
sharing out the loot with everyone.  Since this means it doesn't matter 
whether the cash was found on the bodies before or after they die, that 
pretty much takes care of the issue, you HAVE to trust your master 
looter anyway.  Since their pickpocket skills are actually required as a 
step of their epic, allowing them the opportunity to practice in this 
way is a good idea.


