From -4142519332253183397
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,38f17de2a1359262
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!newshub.sdsu.edu!news.glorb.com!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Umbriel's Adolescent Growing Pains (City of Heroes)
Date: Wed, 12 May 2004 11:07:46 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10a4pt4smah0i69@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <c7tjmu015jn@news1.newsguy.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 140
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:1940


"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:c7tjmu015jn@news1.newsguy.com...

> Anyway, Umbriel had gone on these missions with mobs that are part of the
> Vahzilok faction - lots of reanimated corpses, shuffling zombies that
> explode when they get close or vomit on you causing damage over time, etc.

These vomiting zombies are easily the most disgusting mobs I've ever faced
in any game! They squat and concentrate, as if constipated, and then erupt
with a violent green puke spray that burns as much as it freaks you out. My
wife (who plays The Breath of Life, a L14 Defender of a similar spec to
Umbriel) always gets the willies when we encounter these guys. True tragic
minions of the evil villain bosses, you almost feel sorry for them if you
catch their pathetic faces and frothing white mouth. Yuk.

> There were groups of mobs on the Circle of Thorns faction.  They were all
> purple to Umbriel.  (CoH's purple = EQ's red.)

CoH has its own con system which is somewhat similar in concept to EQ's,
ranging from experience-less grey through green, blue, white (even con),
yellow, orange, red and ultimately purple. Unlike EQ, a con gets you a level
too so you can always tell exactly *how* purple that mob is. The interesting
thing about their con system is that it's not tied exactly to level, it's
more tied to the difficulty index of the mob. All mobs within a single group
will typically be at the same level, yet Lieutenants and Bosses (of which
there may be several in each class) may con a different color).

> aggro.  And Umbriel still had no "travel powers", nothing that could get
her
> out of the chasm.  No Super Leap, no Teleport, no Fly.

As precious as power slots are, at some point Umbriel may want to bite the
bullet and plan for one of the travel powers. As a support player it is true
that you will likely always be grouped with players who have Teleport Ally
or even group Flight and Teleporting powers later in the 20's. But the
problem is that until then, as a healer and buffer you're going to be
constantly moving around to be in range of your charges, most of whom will
be targeting and following mobs around in unpredictable pathing patterns,
making it tough for someone who can't jump up on that ledge or fly down into
that chasm for the required insta-heal. That's what I found with my L20
Defender the first couple of times I played in Faultline and it turned out
to be even more true in places like Talos Island, an island zone chain where
everyone (by that level) is flying around madly. Unlike Faultline, where few
mobs fly (I think only the Spectral Demons of CoT faction), in the higher
zones many mobs will be flying around in wide arcs, requiring some mobility
and a more challenging support effort. Plus, Flying or Teleporting is FUN!

I need to pause to mention this, because it's really one of the things that
impresses me most about this game. I always thought it would be soooo cool
to Fly and I imagined it many times while absorbed in the adventures of
comic book heroes. One of my most vivid dreams as a kid was being at the
ballpark in San Francisco (Candlestick Park, then) at a Giants game Flying
around above the crowd (no armchair psychoanalysis, please). The
exhiliration of that feeling never left me and I'm sure it drove me to try
things like hang-gliding and sky-diving later in my real life.

No game has ever given me that feeling more than CoH. The Flight model is
just simply gorgeous. You soar above the city, elegantly and effortlessly,
able to spin wide arcs, loop-the-loop, and visit the tallest skyscrapers
with ease. It's a monumental achievement that I've yet to experience in any
previous game. My wife and I have spent hours flying above the city, just
exploring and noting all the landmarks from above, occasionally swooping
down to fly among them. And the game engine provides wonderful support for
the power. Every rooftop in the game is actually accessible and has its own
stories to tell (I imagine that in the 30's we'll be fighting Rikti's from
atop skyscrapers, like King Kong battling off bi-planes). Once I got Hover,
it was easy to start knocking off those CoT missions that require you to
scan the rooftops at night in search of Circle of Thorns mystics performing
their evil rituals on innocent citizens. With Fly, it's a no-brainer. Also,
you'll never have to worry about crossing town without generating aggro,
something that will come in handy in the more dangerous city zones ahead.
Practical utility aside, it's just the most fun power in the game.

 > out of the abyss?  No response.  I tried modifying this:  /req Donating
1000
> influence to have someone teleport me out of the abyss, please.

Wow, wish I'd seen that! Enchancements are such a money sink in this game,
I'm always broke and looking for ways to raise a few hundred Influence. I'm
amazed no one took you up on that one. Probably just didn't notice in the
mix of all the usual broadcasts and combat spam.

> Then there was Leadership.  This one wasn't so fun, but much more useful.
> Basically, it allowed me to activate group buffs.  I could add an AC bonus
> to the group, or a damage bonus, or an accuracy bonus.  It was very much a
> strictly buffing tool.  Since I was molding Umbriel into a pure support
> character, it would fit well with her other powers.

> I immediately activated the power.  It drained Endurance, but I
regenerated
> Endurance faster than it drained it, making the power essentially free.
> Pleased, I made my way to the shop where Kal and Hyp waited.  When I stood
> next to them, all of us were surrounded by little circling shields,
> indicating the group buff was in effect.  Hypnotist tested the range, and
> anywhere he stood in the small shop was in range.  Good.

I think you made a good choice and I'm very tempted to advise The Breath of
Life to choose Leadership as well as part of her support power set. Notice
that unlike most of your other support powers, the Leadership powers also
benefit *you*, so it will help for those times you need to solo some
missions. I hadn't realized they were AoE effects.

> There were a lot of mobs and it was slow-going.  Hypnotist was getting
> slightly frustrated because he had a spell that, when cast on a mob, would
> cause it to emit an AE slow on all the nearby mobs.  So as long as that
mob
> was kept alive, it would slow all the mobs around it.  Kal would then
> promptly kill that mob, causing the AE slow to fade away.  Hypnotist tried
> to explain this a couple of times, then just gave up.  We were doing all
> right anyway, even if it got a little rough a couple of times.

Heh, I think Kal must have thought that I was suggesting that he target that
mob for *kill*, I'll need to communicate this better in the future.
Fortunately, there's a fairly complete hotkey'ing ability that allows you to
string together power activations with text strings, including full variable
support (equivalent to %t, etc) so I could actually do something like "I am
targeting Assembler Prince" with SnowStorm, please let him stand till the
end!" or some such. I'll put that together tonight. You can even color the
text using html commands so that your messages display in overhead bubbles
with whatever comic-bookish look you desire, it's pretty fun.

> We did manage to get the last body burned, though, so we completed the
> mission.  Alas, we had to let the good doctor escape.  In a way, true to
the
> comic-book mythos: foil the plot, allow the villain to escape.  Still, I
so
> wanted to be able to take on the evil Dr. Vahzilok and emerge triumphant.

Curses, foiled again! But we will encounter Dr. Vahz again when you and I
have the opportunity to pull that mission. He will DIE!
Great night, fun times, thanks for the invite and I look forward to the next
episode in the adventure!

-- 
The Hypnotist
14th Level Controller (Illusion/Storm)
Citizen of the Protector Server - Paragon City




