From -3631116520367778209
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e9ea3c4ffcf1f836,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!v32g2000hsa.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: Women Worship You <womenworshipyou@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: BEST PUA, PICKUP ARTIST: DIMITRI THE LOVER !!!  NOT: MYSTERY METHOD, 
	PICK UP ARTIST, VH1, VENUSIAN ARTS, NLP, HYPNOSIS, DOUBLE YOUR DATING, DAVID 
	D'ANGELO, SPEED SEDUCTION, ROSS JEFFRIES, THE GAME, FAST SEDUCTION, SEDUCE 
	WOMEN, DATING WOMEN, TORONTO LAIR
Date: Sun, 23 Dec 2007 16:49:09 -0800 (PST)
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 253
Message-ID: <f9f16f3f-62c6-4a02-b54b-708f0a739ec5@v32g2000hsa.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 99.232.71.164
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1198457350 15974 127.0.0.1 (24 Dec 2007 00:49:10 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 24 Dec 2007 00:49:10 +0000 (UTC)
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: v32g2000hsa.googlegroups.com; posting-host=99.232.71.164; 
	posting-account=WHBDNgoAAABlpEiqtN1ZAIn8pvfIB1E3
User-Agent: G2/1.0
X-HTTP-UserAgent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 5.1; 
	InfoPath.1),gzip(gfe),gzip(gfe)
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:12442

The disturbing truth about PICK UP ARTIST PUA DIRECT SEDUCTION COURSES
will become very clear once you view the following controversial
animated movie, which was BANNED from YOUTUBE and BREAK.COM, due to
INAPPROPRIATE CONTENT.  After viewing the movie, make sure to read the
remainder of this post.  Feel free to pass the link on to other men in
the PICK UP ARTIST PUA DIRECT SEDUCTION COMMUNITY.  You have all been
misled.  I hope you can handle the truth ... http://www.dimitrithelover.com/animation/worship.htm.

MOST PICK UP GURUS ARE SMOOTH-TALKING FAKES!

Are you confused by all the contradictory methods offered by hundreds
of guys, each claiming to be the "ULTIMATE PICK UP ARTIST"?  Are you
uncomfortable using lies to seduce women?  Did you get angry when the
supposedly secret MYSTERY METHOD you paid thousands of dollars to
learn was revealed to millions of women on TV?  Well guess what ...
inquiries from men interested in PICK UP ARTIST PUA DIRECT SEDUCTION
COURSES visiting http://www.dimitrithelover.com RIGHT NOW reveal that
you're not alone.   If you are at least average looking, but
penetrating less than 10 new female orifices each month, then you have
not attained your full sexual potential.  You wasted your hard-earned
money on hyped-up scam pick up programs.

WHY CHOOSE DIMITRI THE LOVER?

Unlike other PICK UP GURUS, Dimitri The Lover actually GETS LAID LOTS,
and can prove it!  For example, without warning, a SKEPTICAL
JOURNALIST suddenly demanded that he pick up women walking on a quiet
Toronto street.  To her utter disbelief, she observed Dimitri The
Lover obtain telephone numbers from 5 HOT HORNY YOUNG WOMEN IN 35
MINUTES by using a carefully chosen unique complimentary phrase on
each woman.  Each pick up took an average of 2 minutes!  His secret?
Using criteria he developed over many years, Dimitri The Lover chose
to only approach women which displayed a certain style and gait
indicative of a SLUT DESPERATE FOR COMPANIONSHIP, then customized his
opening lines to each slut's unique psychological profile.  You can
learn more about these PICK UP ARTIST PUA DIRECT SEDUCTION COURSE
techniques RIGHT NOW at http://www.dimitrithelover.com.

COURSES BY DIMITRI THE LOVER:

Dimitri The Lover reveals how you too can make women do the dirtiest,
nastiest things ON THE FIRST DATE without spending a dime.  Dimitri
The Lover's techniques were so successful, that he founded The Church
of Dimitri of Latter Day Sluts just to maintain boundaries between
himself and all of his lovers!  Dimitri The Lover is VERY
controversial.  Feminists loathe him because men QUICKLY CONTROL WOMEN
using his methods.  But what do you care?  You just want to get
laid ... armed with Dimitri The Lover's proven PICK UP ARTIST PUA
DIRECT SEDUCTION COURSE techniques.

Because space is limited, book your PICK UP ARTIST PUA DIRECT
SEDUCTION COURSE RIGHT NOW at http://www.dimitrithelover.com.  Most
men cannot believe that both master seducer Dimitri The Lover and his
sexy girlfriend Katharina offer their precious time for a TWO-ON-ONE
DATING NEEDS ANALYSIS at a bargain price of $197+GST!  However, they
felt it important to offer men overwhelmed by Dimitri The Lover's wide
range of courses some guidance as to what they need to focus on to get
laid quickly.  And remember: the entire cost of the TWO-ON-ONE DATING
NEEDS ANALYSIS will be credited toward your first course with Dimitri
The Lover!

TORONTO REAL MEN:

TORONTO REAL MEN meetings are held on the second Wednesday of every
month, at 7PM.  Snacks and beverages are served.  Meetings last
minimum 3 hours, NO ADMINISTRATIVE BULLSHIT, just discussions on
getting laid.  Unfortunately, due to a recent surge in sign-ups,
membership exceeds the capacity of the venue for the next meeting on
December 12, 2007.  Therefore, all new annual memberships will
commence on January 9, 2008, the date of the following meeting.  The
new venue will have a much larger capacity, but once memberships
exceed its capacity, we will once again freeze new membership sign-
ups.  So it is in your best interests as a PICK UP ARTIST to register
for TORONTO REAL MEN membership RIGHT NOW at http://www.dimitrithelover.com.

As a reminder, everyone joining TORONTO REAL MEN receives 10% off of
all products and courses, and will receive Dimitri The Lover's
complimentary newsletter, TORONTO SLUT ALERT, which is sent out after
each meeting.

ACT RIGHT NOW !!!

While you stare at this letter, graduates of Dimitri The Lover's
programs are out having sex with HOT HORNY YOUNG WOMEN.  Many of these
women have not had sex for months, and are desperate to immediately
give their bodies to any half-decent looking man.  Are YOU man enough
to take them?  What are you waiting for?  Go RIGHT NOW to
http://www.dimitrithelover.com and register for the ULTIMATE DIRECT
SEDUCTION PICK UP ARTIST PUA PROGRAM.  Don't let another sexless day
go by.  You deserve way better than porn fantasies.  Let Dimitri The
Lover turn you from a timid wannabe into a powerful player that women
will worship!

STILL NOT CONVINCED?  CHECK OUT THESE TESTIMONIALS:

Here are some unsolicited testimonials provided after a controversial
speech DIMITRI THE LOVER gave on November 25, 2007, to
torontolair.CA.  Once you convince yourself that DIMITRI THE LOVER is
the ONLY REAL DEAL in the PICK UP ARTIST PUA DIRECT SEDUCTION
community, IMMEDIATELY go to http://www.dimitrithelover.com !!!

What a delightfully misogynistic experience! I think it was great to
see a guy showing us just how open you can be about expressing your
sexuality. He was funny and entertaining and I picked up on some
really good vibes.  As far as emotional needs goes, I liked Dimitri's
approach of "I want you to be the biggest slut...it will be our dirty
little secret" - because it shows honesty, understanding of a woman's
true sexuality, AND protects her reputation. As a side note, I think
it's an interesting observation that he works in sales (Mortgages).
Sales guys are amongst the most high-energy people on the planet. -
they have to be. they work on 100% commission. What I saw last night
was a guy who really knows how to 'sell himself', 'sell the sizzle not
the steak', and get people investing in his personality. I know I sure
did. - and I can totally see this style working for him with the
ladies.
 - El Greco of the torontolair.CA

The man is audacious, rapacious, unrepentant, and I love it. I love it
because it's about living like a man. Women don't just want men. They
need us. And they need us to be men. It hurts and frustrates them when
we're not. Dimitri's ideas didn't shock me. They resonated strongly
with my own life experience. What's more, though he is an excellent
and highly entertaining presenter, he's not all talk. The way he lives
is utterly congruent with everything he says. This is not a man who
women can control or manipulate by framing sex as a reward they dole
out for his compliance to their wishes. It's clearly the other way
around. His method is high recruitment in nature, so he stresses the
need for efficiency. He adapts to the specific venue he's working and
to the individual target. At the same time, he has core principles
that he applies across the board. He's such an honest to goodness perv
he even offered to give Gogland ongoing missions of depravity free of
charge. All day today I've been laughing my ass off remembering some
of the things he said. Such nuggets include: "It looked like the top
of Kim Jong Il's head." "You wanna double your dating? That's easy.
Turn gay." And of course, the very well mimed cock autopsy. All in
all, I'm very glad I had a front row seat.
 - Dragonkid of the torontolair.CA

Unrefined, congruent, direct and effective. Here is a guy who not only
knows how to seduce women but is also entirely congruent with who he
is and makes no apologies for it. His willingness to come and teach us
what took him 14 years to learn was a testament to his character and
the kind of man he is. The fact that he was able to learn all this
without the community input shows the authenticity of his system and
skills. you can be assured that his ideas are the real deal. He had
great ideas of specifically how to market himself efficiently to many
women that were clearly beyond what I have seen before and something i
can learn from. I especially like how he was able to date and sleep
with women while at the same time not only not spend his own money but
get them to spend money on him, shattering a long standing belief in
society that you have to be rich to get women. clearly his skills
would benefit those with tight budgets.
 - Romeo of the torontolair.CA

awesome, amazing.. I've never before been so widely awake through 3
hours of listening.. ow, my head hurt from all the good ideas. I wrote
down 3 pages of them, the ones I especially liked. It all very much
resonated with me. Some of those I liked most:
- never feel guilty about women not showing up
- alcohol is feminizing.. men are much better in bed when they don't
drink
- coffee shops, grocery stores are better.. in clubs no one can hear
you (been there)
- mindfuck: gotta fuck a woman with your mind, before you fuck her
with your dick. talk dirty...
- it wouldn't work for me - it's too stupid-sounding to me..
- ABC: always be coming on. always hit on women.
- I just touched your thigh. You obviously been abused.
- list off all reasons why women won't fuck: abused, religious, bad
programming..
- Last Minute Resistance - what's that? She called the cops?
- make yourself feel good about you.
- I have the most spartan place - don't want anything distracting her
from my cock
And pretty much the rest of it.
 - Santa of the torontolair.CA

I LOVED IT. It's not often for a pervert like me to actually see that
sexual depravity does have an integral part to seduction! But all
compliments aside, it was amazing how he was able to see my mistake
with punk girls was that I was treating them like... punk girls. I
love them little B.O. filled mohawk thousand piercing girls, and while
I have managed to do things with the odd time... I'd never really had
anything I'd call consistent success. But I did befriend a few and
just had them come around... but sadly no sex. When Dimitri said to
treat the punk girls with elegance, I knew at that exact second just
how right he was. It was like that one little missing thread suddenly
connected and I realized just why I'd managed to get with the ones I
did before and why I would fail a ton of times. I had left the
appreciation of the punk girl elegance out of the equation. I could
see all the little punker chicks just frolicking in my head just
wishing they could be that elegant princess that the sexy David Bowie-
esque prince would sweep away for a night filled with anal sex and
fisting. Plus missions of depravity... oh yes! In the way that many
men have trouble asserting their own sexuality, I will admit even I
have trouble fully showing all my sexuality out there. There is a dark
cave of lack of experience and still a general sense of a lot of the
stuff I would love to try still not being accepted. As I get better
and better with women it will be necessary for me to fully connect
with my perverted side, and I believe these missions of depravity may
just be the thing to ease me into it. I fully intend on delivering the
man pictures, just as soon as I get a girl in the right circumstance
to do so. Honestly. The man is a real man. His methods ARE NOT the
same goddamn things that we've been re-reading over and and over
again. They're real. He's real, and ANYONE who's shocked by the things
he has to say is either stuck in a pit-hole of feminism, or they've
got their nose so far up the next REVOLUTIONARY pick-up artist's book
that they can't see what real game is.
 - Gogland of the torontolair.CA

I enjoyed his talk very much. Dimitri is an excellent speaker:
charismatic, eloquent, and witty. His anecdotes about the women he had
picked up were hilarious. I also appreciated his kindness for giving
me particular advice with my current sticking point, which he swiftly
identified as a self-esteem issue. Though the guys at the lair have
been telling me again and again how to deal with it, it was the sheer
ease with which Dimitri spotted the huge flaw in my game that made it
clear to me just how much of a problem it has been and still is. If he
could see it within the 2 or so sentences that we've exchanged, how
much more glaring must it be to the girls whom I've spent hours
sarging and doing DHV stories? I've got to buck up and resolve this
fundamental issue first before pressing ahead. Thank you, Dimitri.
 - Shura of the torontolair.CA

Wow, what can I say? IMO, Dmitri is by far the most efficient and
congruent guy out there in the community. As a matter of fact, he's
not in the community. That's being said, it makes him even more of a
phenomenon. Dmitri's mind and mouth are one and the same; there's no
discrepancy or disruption between the two. The flow of thought and
energy is smooth, quick, and flawless. Dmitri came from a down-and-out
bankrupted situation to a man that accepts nothing less than what he
demands.  Also, Dmitri is one of the most entertaining and charismatic
guy out there. He does not give a damn what people think of him. And
he has no place for shame. Nor does he make excuses for being a man.
Dmitri just simply believes in his heart and soul that it is the right
of every man to be as sexually liberated and to freely express it to
any desirable woman. In a society where men are taught that to get in
touch with their feminine side, Dmitri teaches the opposite which is
to embrace the masculine caveman within. This really resonated with me
because I see the feminization of men and the masculinization of women
as one of the biggest, if not the biggest, cause of unhappiness in
relationships/marriages. Because of this androgonistic belief in
society, we see a rise in the number of birth of the role of the
mother, and the slow death of the role of the lover. Dmitri The Lover
showed me what it is to be completely unashamed of your sexuality as a
man and to be absolutely comfortable with expressing that sexuality.
In this regard he's like the beacon at the end of the tunnel- showing
us what we should be aiming for as seducers-in-training but also as
MEN. I only wish I was able to get the meeting earlier.
 - Artisan of the torontolair.CA

You can learn more about these PICK UP ARTIST PUA DIRECT SEDUCTION
COURSE techniques RIGHT NOW at http://www.dimitrithelover.com.


