From 44934617418294316
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,93266702b8891548,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-26 01:06:07 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!news-hog.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!newshub.sdsu.edu!west.cox.net!cox.net!p01!news2.west.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3D69C232.325760F@yahoo.com>
From: "Annie M. Benson-Lennaman" <anniebenlen@yahoo.com>
Reply-To: anniebenlen@yahoo.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: I turned into Jerk today (long) (and whiney)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 101
Date: Mon, 26 Aug 2002 08:06:07 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.7.97.146
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news2.west.cox.net 1030349167 68.7.97.146 (Mon, 26 Aug 2002 04:06:07 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 26 Aug 2002 04:06:07 EDT
Organization: Cox Communications
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:225882

  I just need to vent about this.  This post probably contains not much
of value.  I just has a very odd day.  And I need to gripe about it. 
Feel free to skip if pointless whining gets on your nerves.

   Lenny and were in the Sarnak Fortress.  He makes a dumb move (bursts
into the Chancellor room to con him, without caring that he was getting
mobbed by blues), and we both end up going down.  Now we are naked, with
a somewhat annoying CR ahead of us (both of us bound in the Overthere). 
It is a tense hour and a half, but we get our bodies without having to
ask our guild for help.  But we were on the edge.  One the way out,
Lenny loots a Bracer of the Hidden.  AC 6, all/all, right clicky effect
see invis.  I figures it may be worth about 500 or so, if that.  I
mean... see invis?  But right clicky is right clicky.  So after Lenny
goes to work, I do a PC on the market channel.  

    In a stunningly short period of time, I have two interested parties
trying to get it.  I was shocked when the first, "T", offered 2k for
it.  "R" offers that, plus some wisdom rings.  All I really wanted was
enough money to get Lenny his first haste item (ever), and was taken
back.  I wanted to be fair, and not gouge anyone, but they both REALLY
wanted it.  I was at a loss.  Instead of doing what I should of done,
which was put them both in the same channel and do an auction there, I
tried handling it in tells.  Stupid stupid stupid.  I was mobbed trying
to keep up with what they were offering.  It was worse that I was taking
items in trade instead of plat.  (both offered a FFBS, as a starting
point).  I foolishly tell "R" that I will tell him what "T" is offering
so I can give him a chance for a counter trade.

   In the middle of this, a friend of mine comes to me at the fort, and
asks if I can guild a friend of his to Luclin.  I say sure, since I know
I am going to end up there anyways.  But he has to wait a bit while I do
the negotiations.  Twenty minutes later, we are still standing there,
and I am getting burnt out.  Enough is enough, and I say let's go.  He's
a Shadowknight, so I figure the Overthere is bunches safer than trying
FV.  So we fight our way through the gobby mines, then on through the
Warsliks woods (didn't want to risk the Dreadlands or even Frontier
Mountains).  Because I am coward, and also, I was still getting constant
tells even after I had asked for a break.  My ability to concentrate was
trashed.  My companion is being a good sport about all this.  This
wasn't aggravating, but it was one more thing I was trying to do in this
situation that was turning stressful fast.  Also, I was getting a few
tells from guildees, with I was simply ignoring.  I could barely handle
the 3 conversations I was having, let alone adding any more.  I felt bad
about that, though.

   We get to the Overthere with no real problems, and wait for the
boat.  Both "T" and "R" are sending me lists of stuff they can trade. 
Again... being stupid, I didn't just move it to plat, and take the
highest bidder.  All these sensible ideas hit me after this whole mess
was over.  "R" gets me a port from the Commons.  I offer to pay for it
if he isn't the winner, but he says "no".  "T" meets me at the center
Nexus platform just as "R" send me a tells saying that he has to take
his wife to work (if I remember right).  He needs fifteen minutes, and
would I please please not sell it before he comes back.  Before I can
answer, he logs.  I tell "T" the situation.  "T" has been very patient,
but everyone's patience can be ended.  I know I sounded like a
calculating, wishy-washy bitch.  So now I have the choice of jerking "T"
around even more after over an hour of this nonsense, or of being a liar
to "R".  A big jerk, either way.  I might add that "T" was offering me
the better stuff.  Or, at least, the stuff that I had more use for.  (I
already had several of the items "R" was offering.)  I take a deep
breath, and hit trade.  

   "R" comes back in due time.  And he is not happy with me.  He doesn't
swear, but I can tell that he is very upset.  He's mad that he had to
line up all his ducks, for over an hour, while his wife was yelling at
him to get off the computer (I'm not taking any blame for that part,
though) and I don't even give him his counter offer.  I apologize, and
tell him that I deeply regret it.  I ask him to please let me pay for
the port at least.  He said it was "Priceless", someone was doing it to
return a favor.  I offer 200 plat, as show of good will.  He was having
none of it, GOOD NIGHT.

   Okay, I know this all could have been avoided, had I used a little
common sense.  By the end, there was no way someone wasn't going to be
pissed at me.  I might add that I take my reputation very, very
seriously.  I think it is important on all servers, but especially on
such a tightly knit one as FV.  And I think I have a pretty good one.  I
don't like taking PC faction hits. /sigh

   On the plus side, I did end up with a FFBS, Jarsath Scale Legs,
Glowing Velium Axe, Icons of the Constant and Reverent, and a Dolvarg
Mantle.  All for a stupid see-invis right clicky thing.
  
   Lenny and I will probably hunt the fort tomorrow.  I know what I will
do if we get another one, which I almost hope we don't. "/1 selling
BotH. 2k firm, no trades.  First tell wins."

Annie <--- Glad that her guild, at least, assured her that they still
love her.

--
The Council of Mithril Dreams on Firiona Vie 

Teapray Oogrog 
An Elven Cleric in the Service of Tunare for 31 seasons 
Wife to Lenny the Traveling Ogre 
------
My email has been sabotaged.  If you
can't figure out the fake part,
you're not supposed to write me.


