From 8891096191585236687
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c79eae4919085daa
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-24 08:56:29 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: georg <thegeorg@servtech.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: First Dragon Raid
Date: Fri, 24 Aug 2001 06:56:36 -0400
Organization: cat hair is good for you
Message-ID: <3B8632E4.38C1D741@servtech.com>
X-Sender: "georg" <@mail-hub> (Unverified)
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en]C-gatewaynet  (Win98; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3B85AF33.D431D045@stny.rr.com> <uSsh7.167$z35.92593@newsfeed.slurp.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 64
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:111287

Orlun wrote:
> 
> OK, Since Jakugg invited me along last night and since I had to refuse to go
> because of RL issues (cough) chicken (cough), I need some details.  Did you
> do the thing were after killing the gaints, everyone started buffing, then
> camping out and waiting in the chatroom for all to be buffed and for mana to
> be full? About how many were there and what levels? How low did you get the
> ice queen in health? details!!!

The last fighter died when Vox was about half health.

The giants et al were pulled while folks were still gathering in the
king room. They went down easily, but it was all FFA looting of them,
and few folks were grouped.

When everyone arrived, we moved into the hall in front of the ramps, and
commenced buffing. Tanks were in groups of five, with various folks
(shaman, ench, druids) grouping to buff, then changing groups. All
clerics grouped together (there were five of us) and with the main
puller. Watching the monk die LOTS was not comforting. Once everyone was
buffed, we camped to Xev chatroom, and waited for more instructions. We
were all told to Walk, not Run, so we'd walk when feared, with
arguements about whether fear overrides that or not. There was one
enchanter who had a snit that we weren't organized or buffed enough, and
we were going to die. He decided to leave. I thought, of course we are
all going to die. It's a raid! And told him his "positive attitude"
wasn't helping matters at all. The one bard was to be in the main tank
group, and that left two enchanters. Don't know the other numbers. Then
we logged back in. The tanks were sent in, but obviously most did NOT
know the path. Nor was there a designated /assist person. So some of the
tanks died before they even saw Vox. The clerics sat on the ramp and
waited. I saw one person actually run back to us for a heal. I Chealed
him. I watched one of the clerics go down, and tried to heal her. I was
summoned. "Cool! look at the pretty white belly!" I was feared. When I
got by the rest of the clerics, fear wore off. I noticed two of the
clerics were dead. One cleric healed me, and I found another tank to
heal. I was summoned again. This time, I wasn't feared. I ran, but did
not know which way to run. Finnally saw Jak's corpse, and tried running
past it, thinking that was the exit. About then, I noticed there was
only one other cleric left, and the icy terror killed me.

The raid leader was the first cleric to die. I don't think that was a
good sign at all...

As soon as I woke up naked, I got a message that the last cleric had
just gone link dead. About 2 minutes later, Jakugg said the last tank
died. Fortunately, corpse recovery was handled extremely well by
guildmates of the raid leader. It took probably half an hour or more to
get all the bodies out and rezzes done. One of the high level guildmates
had a clickstick. As soon as I had mana, I helped with healing the
rez-effected. Then ports out were offered, so we didn't need to worry
about the long walk back to ice clad.

When we did get back to Tower of Frozen Shadow, there was a group that
had the keyholder die, so they were stuck on the second floor, trying to
get to the corpse on the fourth. Luckily, I had keys, so I walked them
up there with Jakugg's help. I did remember to bind by the gnolls before
this, so I could gate on floor 4. On the third floor, I looted two of
the armored shadows. One dropped Tumultous Strength, and the other
Turning of the Unnatural. So I guess I got some "phat lewt" for the
night after all.

-Tiru
dwarven cleric of 40 psalms


