From 1240548211641736453
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c7d8602d5a9bcab5,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!prodigy.com!newsmst01a.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr16.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!284a1c64!not-for-mail
From: "Eric J. Hawman" <ejhawman@ameritech.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Adastraea goes to Hell
Lines: 272
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
Message-ID: <b%pXc.3443$OH3.220@newssvr16.news.prodigy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.23.212.96
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr16.news.prodigy.com 1093545031 ST000 68.23.212.96 (Thu, 26 Aug 2004 14:30:31 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 26 Aug 2004 14:30:31 EDT
Organization: SBC http://yahoo.sbc.com
X-UserInfo1: [[PAPDCAOHWGBRLYYJHFOQTDTB_LPLLLVXU@OAQDJ@_@FNXACNVOPCWZBL[\YUWHANGYZEFNHFZPNLOBUNSS^_LGEVWEY\PHO@YJSSWBBDT\PFD^ESBTXVCCMTD]JCJLE\_IJMFNRY]SWE[S[D_CNB__ZK^VGVCKHA[S@COB^[@ZQSDFQ\BPMS@DZVUKQTJL
Date: Thu, 26 Aug 2004 18:30:31 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14726

...and all she gets is a lousy T-shirt!

  LOTS happening this past week. But to start, I really should set up with
the past few weeks...

  Money. Ada has been having luck with the plat farms. Some days she can
catch the ice giants completely uncamped. Others she finds only one or two
poeple in Rathe Mountains and gets to play Queen of the Hill,
single-shotting
hill giants and leaving scraps for everyone else. Most luctrative of all are
the
rockhoppers in DSP; Flawless hides move quickly in the Bazaar at 300pp
each. For a modest but solid balance of money and AAXP, there's always
the fire pit in Nadox.
  All told, this adds up to 25k in the bank, and I'm getting tired of Tosev
being just a bazaar mule; he has so much more potential, he should be out
fighting. DSP is too slow and high-damage these days, so I check the boards
at Monkly Business. They advise that OT should be just fine for soloing.
  I also feel his gear is a bit dated; in fact, it's chosen to maximize
intelligence
for skill-ups. But his skills are just fine now; what he needs is AC, AGI,
DEX,
STA, and maybe the odd HP. Monkly Business again advises well: Black
Pantherskin this, Blood Weave that, Spider Fur belt; with 13k of upgrades
from head to foot, Tosev Starfist is ready for action again. He's even a bit
more fashionable; instead of the Crystal Covered Shroud that got him
occasionally mistaken for an enchanter, he now has a nice russet-colored
Blood Weave Tunic that leaves little doubt as to his class.
  A shot of Temperance and he's off to OT. The boards speak sooth: with
judicious choice of targets, he does just as well in OT as he was in DSP.
He should be good there up to level 45,, or at least until he can handle
Gunthak.

  Wednesday the 17th marked the beginning of a peak karma week, and I
was ready. First off was Venril Sathir Remains, with Lords of Corruption
friends;
now, Rabotev is ready for Ulump Pujump.
  Saturday, late, with the Olympics on TV in the background, I go looking
for
fun. I really should have gotten a BoT or HoH group and worked on AA's,
but some old Kryptic Rage friends now in Council of the Fellowship were
raiding
Fear. I had just gotten my Broken Golem drop, so I didn't need Fear anymore,
but
this felt like a good time for companionship, so I bound in front of the
portal to Fear
and plunged in to offer my services, just in time to help against the
Dracoliche.
  Most of the zone was already clear; we proceeded to finish off the trash,
and do Dread.
Fright and Terror were no-shows, so all that remained was CT himself. The
Council
claims to be an elite guild, doing with one group what other guilds do with
three;
here, they had 17 people, so we had a chance at Cazic Thule.
Straightforward strategy:
pull CT to the southeast corner, have the MA keep him facing the zone wall
while casters
shoot him in the back.
  First try gets him to 63%. Second, a little lower. While resting up for a
third try, someone
mentions an odd little irony: the Lord of Fear is himself not especially
resistant to fear. He
*is* hard to snare, so fear kiting him would be a high-speed chase around
the zone, but
it seems like our safest bet. In the end, though, the Council's raid leader
decides he wants
an honest kill. We will make one more try at the classic strategy.
  Third time, we are able to execute it well enough to fell the god. My
first CT kill!

  Sunday is commonly open raid day on TP, so I was ready for action, bound
in Tranquility
near the windmill. And, indeed, my good karma holds: MB raid! My third try
at it,
and it turns out it is being organized by the same guy who ran my last
attempt. Having
studied up on strategies for the encounter, he came ready too, so we have a
better
(not to say GOOD) chance of success.
  The raid force gathers outside the windmill for an hour, then buffs up and
rushes in,
all the way in to the factory. As usual, someone aggros Giwin and has to be
ordered to
die. Everyone else gets preflagged and off we go to the Behemoth's wing.
  The raid leader wants to use the four-corners strategy, stopping the
clockwork devices
near their spawn points, using four enchanter-based groups. Oops - only
three chanters in
raid. Back to the last attempt's strategy, stopping the clockworks at the
east and west doors
to the Behemoth's chamber. This time, armed with the knowledge that spells
WILL land
from a distance, we resolve to allow only the tanks into the room, where
they will try
to keep the Behemoth in the center so that its AE also stays confined to the
room.
Casters should then be safe just beyond the doors. I cast lev on myself just
in case;
hopefully it will provide some protection from the gravity-flux effect.
  We begin killing clockworks. MB becomes targetable; the tanks go in. I
watch nervously
from the edge of my seat, each moment expecting to get hit with an AE blast
or something
else to go wrong. Instead of a CH chain, we're just spamming heals on the
MT. Oddly,
it seems to work: MB down to 96%, 95, 94, 93...and the MT stays up. Then
90%, 80%,
70%...blood pressure rising, how long can this last?...finally, 50%, BURN
HIM DOWN,
I manaburn and back off to mount my horse and med. As soon as I have mana to
use, I
fire off a lure. Then another. At last, the big mech is down. And we only
had a handful of
deaths.
  I switch my attention to the clockworks; we're still killing them while
rezzing. Rezzes
mostly completed, the order to hail Giwin is given. A few unlucky people may
have missed
it due to not being rezzed in time, but I get my hail in. Flagged for
Tactics! I get killed by
a clockwork, rezzed quickly, Teleport out all who wish, and gate.
  Monday, a quiet day, working on Tosev. Tuesday, I log on with Neuv for a
hopeful
XP group in Dulak...but the LFG tool has several people in Torment, one with
the notation
"raid". My luck is incredible! I relog to Adas and head to Tranquility -
sure enough, there
are several people standing around the Torment cube, LFG, and they quickly
inform me
the raid is open.

  The Plane of Fire may have the look of Hell (I haven't ben there yet, I
wouldn't know for
sure), but the Plane of Torment serves the function. Red skies, metal
buildings and bridges,
beasts now familiar from Everfrost LDoNs. And an XP hot spot lately, though
that
will matter little in a raid. We gather poeple for an hour, and end up
overfull - 72 plus
a few stragglers who we politely offer to rotate into the raid for flags.
It's a very talkative
bunch, too, many friends and acquaintances making jokes. Aparty atmosphere
develops.
  Buff up, move out, making our way to Saryrn's tower. With only a few
deaths, we make
it, but the mobs are fearsomely tough: level 65, many of them, even common
trash. Move into
the tower, lots of things to kill on the gruond floor, then the first floor,
then a couple of
named. These go well, and up we go to the second floor, which seems clear.
Third floor,
fairly small, we pull the named immediately, get no adds. But not everyone
is up the
stairs yet, and those that are don't seem to be doing much. People start
dropping like flies.
Fearing a wipe, I throw caution to the wind and chain nuke until I draw
aggro. The
named hits for THOUSANDS, and down I go.
  Oddly enough, we don't wipe; a few manage to survive, and we even get
rezzed and
rebuffed in good time. Up to Mareeq's room...and then the raid leader
dosen't know
the text. There is a long wait as he does his homework. It seems incredible
that we
could be led by someone who dosen't know what to say or do, but we've only
gone this far on pure adrenaline. Now, we have to know what we're doing.
  The raid leader comes back to inform us that we will be doing Saryrn
first, then Mareeq
and the Keeper of Sorrows. At least, it looks easier that way to him. No one
objects.
Up the stairs we go, and there's the Lady of Pain herself.
  The Tales of Loral have appraised me of what to expect; the fight goes
well, take
Saryrn down by 10%, focus on adds, another 10%, and so on. In fact, but the
time
one wave of adds is dealt with, I really don't have time to slip in a nuke
against Saryrn
before the next wave spawns. I save up mana for burning, though I do get in
a last shot against Sorrowsong. Then the bird is dead, we mez the last wave
of adds and I manaburn
again. Saryrn down! Minimum casualties again! Last adds dealt with, sloppy
rezzing again,
and we hail the PP.
  Back downstairs for Mareeq. Our strategy discussion agrees the crabs
should not be
allowed to reach him; during the actual fight, however, we observe that the
healing
they provide is negligible, so we ignore them and simply burn Mareeq down.
Again, only a
handful of deaths.
  All gather under Tylis' cage for transfer to the Keeper's tower. The tight
packing inspires
the usual tired old jokes: "Who farted!?" "Stop pulling my tail!" "Ewww!
Ogre ass!"
After a long wait, we pop over to the Keeper's tower.
  The landing zone is hot, to say the least. Several people die. We're on a
narrow catwalk
over some brown liquid I don't think qualifies as water, and a few fall in,
dying quickly and drawing adds. We manage to survive this, and after a short
recovery start working our way
up. The Keeper is anticlimactic; little stronger than the trash outside his
door. Tylis appears,
and we hail him. I also tell him I am ready to return, sending me back to
Mareeq's chamber
...where the trash guardians have respawned. But someone also cast Teleport
on me
before this, and the accept window is still up...off I got back to the Plane
of Tranquility.
  5 AM. WAAAY past my bedtime.

  Yesterday, expecting the good karma to be over...but it isn't, not quite.
Open AD raid!
This time we form up at the stones in Tranquility and run to the door of the
containment
chamber. We get a number of adds when invis drops running across the
wasteland; I
am among those who go down. No worries, raid leader held out for 60 people
this time,
and we kill the mobs and I get rezzed in good time. Into the prep chamber,
buff, into
AD's prison, where we pick up a poor ogre who got left behind by the last
raid to
come through these parts.
  Long and careful consideration of our strategy, ever changing MA and SA
assignments,
but finally we pull. As before, I keep my distance. This time I notice a
number of people
suddenly start running randomly at one point, and realize I can time AD's
fear AE.
Right after a fear, I rush in and manaburn. Rush out, horse up, med, AD goes
down and I
help kill adds. Once again, my karma holds: we lose fewer than on my
previous tries, far
fewer than I expected, and the adds go down fast. All hail the PP! FLAG! A
nice little
stroll to the entrance to a very familiar place, the Halls of Honor, and I
report to Gram
Dunnar for an well-earned AA.
  Sorely exhausting. I can't expect my luck to hold out; otherwise I might
dream of doing
RD tonight. But Adas has earned a rest. She's gotten sooo much done in a
burst. And
she's farther along than anyone else I work with, though they are working on
different
content.
  Now, for a nice vacation...

 EJH

  On Tholuxe Paells:
  [65 Wizard] Adastraea Starwind (High Elf) of Erollisi Marr
  [59 Druid] Rabotev Startree (Wood Elf) of Tunare
  [41 Warrior] Gruggoredil Dullwit (Barbarian) of Rallos Zek
  [41 Monk] Tosev Starfist (human) of Quellious
  [41 Shadow Knight] Neuveniu Sinstorm (Dark Elf) of Innoruuk
  [29 Enchanter] Nuneveiu Arworthi (Dark Elf)
  [24 Cleric] Celune (High Elf) of Tunare
  [15 Beastlord] Grukyn (Vah Shir)

  On Drinal:
  [12 Bard] Greban (Vah Shir)

  On Firiona Vie:
  [32 Cleric] Adastra Peraspera (High Elf) of Tunare









