From 1913667720945044135
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,c6ebd520fa9a9475
X-Google-Thread: 104a20,c6ebd520fa9a9475
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c6ebd520fa9a9475
X-Google-Attributes: gid100ff8,gid104a20,gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic,alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: OT: Game Box Nostalgia (very long and rambling)
Date: Wed, 25 Aug 2004 12:13:18 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10ipp2474cq1a73@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <10il7c7h6rl0636@news.supernews.com> <Xns954FDFAA6B3BCknight37m@130.133.1.4> <10io5rvqm27m9a2@news.supernews.com> <iknoi0ttbeh4p21makjdvm065sghqnq34q@4ax.com> <10ioq2cb4fqr0a2@news.supernews.com> <jmqoi0ptm68807qpb3p7ehr9j12919so8m@4ax.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1437
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1441
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 110
Xref: g2news1.google.com comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:13816 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic:5513 alt.games.everquest:14635


"Bip" <bop@boo.net> wrote in message
news:jmqoi0ptm68807qpb3p7ehr9j12919so8m@4ax.com...

> You've miscasted me.  I am not a "just the mechanics" guy.  As stated in
my
> previous msg, I feel that any enrichment should be in the product itself
> and not in a peripheral item--not by my personal preference, but that it
> would have greater utilization.

Yeah, I read your earlier message and I believe you read too much into my
characterization of you as a "just the mechanics guy". We were talking about
manuals. So "just the mechanics" translates to "for my manual, please, just
the mechanics", understanding full well your preference to divert any
resources beyond that point to other, substantive game issues.

> I'm not sure on what grounds that you
> claim that you are the mainstream

On the well-established and universally accepted grounds that what I want is
best for everyone. ;-)  No, of course I don't have any "studies", lol, it's
not my intention to wage an academic debate here with citations and studies,
this is an informal rant about something I don't like, derived from a
personal story, and it's Ok for you to treat the opinions accordingly. It
doesn't mean I don't believe my views are correct (I believe they are), it
just means that I'm not sure the ROI is there for a push to persuasion,
given the I and the R. Honestly, I have only an intuitive sense of where
most gamers fall on the spectrum of possibilities for this topic and I
certainly don't regard the consensus on Usenet as any useful barometer,
we're way too out of the mainstream here. I'm comfortable with the idea that
some of my beliefs fall outside of the consensus in this newsgroup, or in
the mainstream gaming world, and this may be one of them. The topic of PDF
manuals has been argued to death in wargames-historical (there's a real
representative mainstream group eh?) and my experience handling my side of
the debate there convinces me even more that there's no ROI here. ;-)

> --I'm not aware that normal peeps read
> game manuals in their bathroom for enjoyment,

"Normal peeps". Eh? Care to define what that means in the context of a niche
hobby like computer gaming?

> but perhaps you can cite a
> study or two--as the fact is that manuals for games are and have been
> underutilized by their audience.

Just as I don't intend to produce "studies" to back up my opinions and my
preferences in this discussion, I won't ask you to produce validation of
what you characterize as "facts". I'm aware that there is conventional
thinking that manuals are underutilized and I can accept that opinion as
real and even widespread.  My difference here isn't simply contrarian, I
honestly have a different perspective and belief, based on my anecdotal
experience publishing software and talking to users and customers, and my
own observations of gamers over the years.

Where someone comes out on this topic probably depends on how they view the
purpose of a game manual, and that depends (as you acknowledge by your
reference to flightsims and "harcore strats") on the game. I would never
argue for a significant investment to be made in a manual for Serious Sam.
Or even Diablo. If the game can be enjoyed out of the box in its entirety,
than Hallieuiah, screw the manuals! Screw the PDF even! I get no heartburn
here. If you view manuals as being simply instruction manuals in lieu of
tutorials, then I can see how you reach your conclusion.

What I'm talking about is the total experience I get with a game like
Baldur's Gate, Patrician III, or Kohan. Even these games may not necessarily
*require* manuals, and I agree entirely with the desire to move more in the
direction of in-game tutorials that obviate the need for tutorial based
manuals). Still, the total game experience derived from these titles is
enhanced for me by having a well-written manual that can provide more
entertainment value outside of the face-in-monitor setting. I like reading
about the stats, the game concepts, the game backstory, the various formulas
for attack and defense values, the damage modifiers, all that stuff. And I
believe that most of the players who laid down their money for Baldur's Gate
enjoyed the experience of opening up their box and finding a four-color,
tri-fold CD holder, a 6-sided tri-fold hard cardboard reference card, a
four-color printed map of the Streets of Baldur's Gate, and a perfect bound,
158-page Game Manual that included not just instruction, but backstory,
spell listings, combat modifiers, weapons and item reference and a monster
compendium. That's what I'm talking about, and I believe this kind of thing
enhances the overall value of the gaming experience. And I believe that most
gamers would agree.

> Frankly, it is more than a little strange to see your argument that big
> manuals

Whoah, you really miss my point if you think I'm arguing for "big" manuals.
We're talking about quality production values here, notwithstanding the Gone
Gold "lift test" lol. I wouldn't use that particular test, but I believe
it's actually motivated by the things I'm talking about here.

--and the reading of them in bathrooms--are somehow a "mainstream
> want," and that it's the penny pinching pubs' fault for cutting them out.
> Reeks of typical mindless suit-bashing to me, dude.

Nah, anyone whose paid any attention to my posts knows I'm not a suit basher
and I'm not coming down on "the man", lol. Like I said earlier, I understand
the economics and the trend, and I have no illusions about where it's going.
Like the subject says (points up above), this is not an attempt to persuade
anyone, it's a trip down nostalgia lane. Dude.

-- 
Bob Perez

"Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they
quit playing."
- Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes





