From 7684100406198029063
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,694617bb2602c323
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-20 02:22:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: New Engine technology?
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <lmd32u8pfrvg3jsvtrf507su5a45u4jd56@4ax.com>
References: <Pine.LNX.4.33.0112190856220.6178-100000@tarpon.exis.net>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 148
Date: Thu, 20 Dec 2001 10:22:03 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1008843723 24.3.225.40 (Thu, 20 Dec 2001 02:22:03 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 20 Dec 2001 02:22:03 PST
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:148928

On Wed, 19 Dec 2001 09:11:59 -0500, Jay Collins <jcollin@exis.net>
wrote:

>
>Few things I noticed about the new engine and in some cases, I think a few
>people are looking in the wrong place for bottle necks.
>
>* Textures: I think the slow downs in frame rate related to the new
>textures is minimal. 

Its huge as hell. Its most notibly huge if you have them set above
low. The reason is you eat up a ton of ram. For me, I use at least 500
more meg of a swap file if I go from low textures to high. What does
that mean? It means I'm swapping more and that is going to slow me
down more. Get cacheman:

www.outertech.com

Set a perm swap file of say 1 gig or more. Now, do options in EQ for
low textures. See how much of your swap file cacheman is shown as
having been used after you get out of eq (after running around some
zones and such) Now, change to HIGH textures and play a bit. Get out
and see how much of the swap file was being used.


>The texture load in a scene in something like quake3
>I bet is much higher then most of the places you'll go in EQ. 

Quite exactly and totally the opposite. I got great frame rate in
Quake 3 on my tnt 16 meg agp, p2 400 and 128 meg ram than I do in EQ
now having 384 meg ram. There are really 3 reasons why that is
happening:

1) Quake 3 has single smaller areas for the most part and you stay in
that area for a long time before switching areas. Most of the textures
in that area are small and are REPEAT textures. That means that even
though the area may look detailed you are only loading a few textures.
See all those crates and pipes? They are all only mostly each a couple
textures, same with the walls etc. 

2) The players in quake 3 are all only a couple textures and once
again repeat textures. Even if the players are skinned you are still
talking about under 32 players. This is nothing compared to EQ when
you are in the east commons tunnel during an auction fest.

3) The biggest one: Quake 3 is programmed and optimized by John
carmack, basiclaly a minor diety.

It seems to me that the reason performance is so bad is that they TOOK
the regular EQ and rebuilt it KICKING AND SCREAMING to a dx8 engine
instead of somehow starting from scratch. I don't know why but I'm
just gettin that impression. I'm just a layperson so I don't know what
the hell I'm talking about but it seems very much to me to be
compareable to someone bringing some designers an 85' ford festiva,
some spare parts and metal and saying "make a 2001 mercedes out of
this" as opposed to letting them make an entirely new car. 


>The only
>time texture load (Meaning pushing a lot of textures across the AGP bus)
>should be an issue is when you got a ton of people in your view. If you're
>card supports it, texture compression should speed things up nicely
>because it means more bus bandwidth. What I think causes the crappy frame
>rate are the add in objects and the way the engine now renders a scene. It
>would seem the "don't render stuff the player can't see" isn't quite 100%
>true. For example, WFP used to be around 40fps on my machine with a 32 meg
>TNT2 card. Now it's around 15 or even less in some parts where I'm looking
>into the city. 

I'm pretty sure freeport is NOT optimized in anyway. Go into freeport
and turn clipping ALL the way down. Can you still see clear across
town? I can. Now go into shadowhaven or shar vahl and do the same
thing. Can you not see your hand in front of your face? Neither can I,
and I move one hell of a lot better than in freeport. 

I can't remember if clipping never really worked in old world cities,
but it SURE AS HELL is not working now in freeport. You are seeing ALL
the zone whatever you have the settings on. I'm not sure if Umbra is
doing anything either. Besides that, your tnt2 card does nto have
umbra, only cards like the kyro 2 and I believe the Geforce 3 have it
(I don't even think 2 does) Umbra or whatever kryo calls it is a
hardware supported solution, the card has to do it.

I used to have higher frame rate in freep to, the reason is that
something they did with the DX8 engine move totally fubared us. I
don't know why it is but even without all the new models and
animations I have a HUGE performance hit even in old zones with the
old textures. With the new textures it was worse.

In fact, my performance change is so different that I enabled all
models and all social animations and ITS THE SAME. In other words I
may as well enable them all since I perform as poorly either way.


>I'm guessing it's rendering stuff BEHIND the walls you can
>see and "add in" objects like pots, stuff on walls, statues, etc. People
>with 32meg cards should have no problem running in the medium textures. I
>think the most texture heavy map in quake3 has scenes where your card is
>swapping in around 80 megs of textures across the AGP bus and getting
>good frame rate. Of course we're comparing one of the best 3d engine's vs
>one of the worst.

Again, its doing that anyway since your and my cards don't have Umbra.
I have no idea how much better it is for a person with a geforce 3 due
to the umbra. The thing is it would be a lot better for a person with
a geforce 3 anyway ;)


>Zoning: New textures would make this take longer of course. I'm guessing
>the stored the textures in the highest quality then render then to your
>selected quality when you load the zone. This is where the texture cache
>would improve stuff.

The texture cache on the hard drive I belive just holds the textures
expanded so you don't have to add that step.


>Mip Mapping: I don't know why this would be a memory hit since most cards
>can do this in hardware... but who knows with the EQ way of programming.

I never got this either.. theoretically I thought it should IMPROVE
performance but its quite the opposite.. odd.


>I don't understand what they did to make things WORSE in a walled city
>like Freeport where you should get BETTER frame rate with an engine that
>doesn't render stuff you can't see. Those guys need to hire someone who
>knows 3d programming and get them to fix stuff up. Like John Carmack or
>something.
>
>A game that makes this munch money should be able to licence some nice 3d
>technology or even hire someone to make it.

Well I'm only a lay person and I can tell you that one reason is the
new engine is slower and clipping definately does not do anything in
freeport. I move far better in shadowhaven or shar vahl with clipping
only out a couple notches so I can just see the buildings near me than
I do in freeport with clipping all the way down. I also move exactly
the same in freeport with clipping all the way up as with it down, yet
if I move clipping all the way up in shar vahl or shadow haven I get
less than 1 fps. 

Finding: Clipping does nothing in freeport. Running around in other
old world areas I've found they are the same way. I'm very slowed down
because i'm rendering ALL the buildings.

Email: dstephenathomedotcom
Find the @ and the . if you really need to.


