From 7096338859282154471
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2e438c7f38654b38
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 26 Jun 2004 06:15:03 -0500
Date: Sat, 26 Jun 2004 07:15:02 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: DKP systems
References: <ukaDc.34$326.8@newsfe1-win>
In-Reply-To: <ukaDc.34$326.8@newsfe1-win>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <DuednU6z5Poqx0DdRVn-hg@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 124
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.252.10
X-Trace: sv3-436D3Q+h5WSMm5etmjVosSQa3+mf1CFuiSYUVdJBM1sTa9aRAPfVS1CfbP9RY5dZF0AK3MfPeoHjz26!2PkawP0z4/czWjQXihglD+DcF3de6hP8u6hQuXOpxRnfvJNPiuErCMsGicnOo+FwVRNy9w/jbPA=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7960



Lief wrote:

> I have searched the web and found a few things about DKP, nothing really
> specific, so I thought I would ask here.
> 
> My guild is currentley considering DKP over 'morale' /randoms.
> 
> A system with no item prices would be prefereable due to the work I think is
> inherent with systems which use item prices.
> 
> Zero sum would be nice also.
> 
> Can anyone point me to some working dkp systems with those and these
> thoughts in mind?
> 
A guild I was in (on a previous character, my current one is unguilded) 
used the following system:

Points awarded, one per hour in any guild raid.  Guild raids defined as 
at least 18 people present doing something called by an officer.  Some 
raids defined by the officers as critical were worth double points. 
Raids of the above description lasting less than an hour would count as 
  an hour.

Any item dropping was then available for bidding; a seperate loot 
channel was used, a bid was called for by an officer in that channel, 
bids were accepted for a limited time, then the high bidder got the 
item, and got his bid subtracted from his total DKP.  Most items were, 
however, available only on a NBG basis, so not everyone could bid on 
them; in the most extreme cases certain items were reserved for specific 
people.  All no drop loot would be bid on the spot, while all droppables 
were reserved until after the raid.

Lets take a look at that system for your priorities:
> Main priority is fairness, the more you do with the guild the more likely
> you will win loot on raids.
> 
The more you do, the more points you have.  This makes it more likely 
you can outbid your guildmates on any given item.  However, the more you 
spend on an item, the fewer points you have when the next item comes up 
on bid.

> Second priority is ease of maintenance, no one wants to spend 2 hours each
> night doing DKP calculations.
> 
Well, any "raid" has a loot officer in charge of taking attendance (used 
to use log dumps of /who guild, there are more sophisticated means 
available now), adding hours on raid to the current database of point 
totals, and subtracting points bid from that database.

> Third priority is consideration to the more casual raider (which maybe
> conflicts with the main one).
> 
In theory, the casual raider gets a fair shot at loot too; the first 
time item X drops he probably can't afford it as the bidding rockets up, 
however once the more serious raiders get theirs he will be able to pick 
the item up on a far smaller bid.  And in theory he's getting the same 
points per hour played as the serious player, anyway, so if an item goes 
for 50 points then he can buy one every 50 hours played, just like mr 
serious... even though his 50 hours took 3 months to accumulate while mr 
serious's took only a week.

> Fourth priority is speed of handing out loot.
> 
The time limit was crucial to this, a bid system's worst flaw is that it 
can go on and on.  As it stood, this was pretty fast in most cases, 
common items would get about 30 seconds time limit, big ticket stuff 
might get a full minute.  Raiders had to be on their toes and keeping an 
eye on the bid channel, no mercy for the people who might have wanted 
something but missed seeing it in bid.

> Thanks for any links or information :)
> 
What were the flaws with that system?

Well, first off, it favors people in relatively rare classes; if there's 
only one Beastlord on a raid, then when Beastlord Only items (whether 
they are tagged that way or the loot officer designates them that way) 
drop he gets them for one point, leaving him the bulk of his points to 
go towards outbidding others on multiple use items.

Second off, it requires a trustworthy officer on any given raid, as the 
power to restrict who can bid on an item can be abused (see the 
beastlord case above)

Third off, although in theory the casual user gets treated fairly, in 
reality he's almost always going to get an item only after high 
attendance people do, which is fine unless the guild moves on to a new 
raid target before he gets geared up.

Fourth off, there are lots of guild related activities which don't fit 
the "18 people required" definition; many epic mobs require only one or 
two groups, then there's the cleric who always ends up spending an hour 
or two a night running out to guildmates and rezzing them, or... well, 
at any rate, its tempting to bend the rules and give out bonus points 
for some of this sort of stuff, trouble being that this tends to result 
in officer favorites getting the bulk of those bonus points.

Fifth, the time limit bid system is prone to abuse by anyone clever 
enough to wait till the time limit is running out in order to bid.

Sixth, its possible for people to collude to keep prices for items of 
their type artificially low, similar to the rare class objection above; 
if, say, the clerics all agree between themselves on who is to get the 
next cleric item, then that guy can bid very low, none of his cleric 
friends bid against him, so he gets it for a song, saving his points for 
the ones available to multiple classes.

Seventh its possible for the high points people to accumulate really 
outrageous numbers of points, since this isn't a zero sum system.

The above problems are generally either not too big a deal if you have 
mature and fair minded people in the guild, it works poorly if you have 
selfish players and particularly if you have officers that aren't very 
fair minded.

Personally, I hate all DKP systems, but found this one to be somewhat 
less annoying than most; at least it was simple to understand and to 
implement.

Splendid One, 64 Gnomage, Unguilded, Firiona Vie



