From -2879309479308996155
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1d460af651c06834
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-23 04:20:18 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.icl.net!newsfeed.fjserv.net!newsfeed.icl.net!newsfeed.fjserv.net!newsfeed.frii.net!newsfeed.frii.net!204.186.200.232.MISMATCH!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3D8EF691.6773C05E@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Raid Rules
References: <Tnuj9.77942$3k4.30452@news1.central.cox.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 157
Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2002 11:14:31 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.34
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1032779671 66.109.232.34 (Mon, 23 Sep 2002 07:14:31 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 23 Sep 2002 07:14:31 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:232767



Ogre Warrior wrote:

> Basically I am looking for any and all ideas / rules concerning raids.  We
> are a fairly new guild just starting on named dragon raids. Any and all
> suggestions are welcome.  Also, how do you guys prepare and train your
> guildies? Thanks!
>
> -
> OR

Here are some tips that aren't heard as much:

Get your people to form into groups as they log on, grouping only
with other people who will be going on the raid later, and preferably
grouping with a porter.  If they have a porter, they can go do anything
they like while they wait, if not, they should look for something to
do near the target zone.  This means instead of people hanging out
wasting several hours of play time, they are doing something worthwhile,
and getting to know their groupmates (although you may end up
altering group composition for the raid itself)

Don't screw around.  When raid time comes, check to see if you
have a viable raid force.  If you don't, don't tell everyone to come
anyway.  Either cancel, or announce a delay.  Again, this saves
hanging out for hours waiting... in the long run, your raids will
be a lot more fun, and so better attended, than the typical sit
and do nothing fests.  If you DO have a raid force, call for the
partipants to gather in the target zone, get your porters out
picking up stragglers, but set a time limit and stick to it.  Why?
Hmm, I've mentioned it a couple times, but its to avoid
literally hours of hanging out for the majority of your force.

In zone, form groups.  This isn't really hard.  One good plan
is to have each cleric invite people, and if you don't have
enough clerics for one per group, have each druid invite
the rest.  If thats not everyone, have each shaman invite
the rest... but thats scary.  One shaman is probably your
designated slower, and should have a healer assigned to
him, rather than having a group assigned to him relying on
him to heal them.

You should have one tank, preferably a warrior, but at
any rate the one with the most HP and AC and damage
mitigation capability, designated as your MA or Main
Assist.  You should also have a SA and TA, or Secondary
and Tertiary... but oddly they are not picked entirely
for the same stats, but rather their ability to rapidly grab
the aggro and THEN survive it.  The MA job is to
get aggro off the puller, build up some hate, then call in
the rest of the raid while he keeps hate on him and absorbs
damage.  SA job is like that of the vice president, he is
to not get on top of the hate list (like everyone else, his
job is to keep the mob on the MA) Unless the MA dies,
in which case he's got to grab it fast while everyone else
tries not to get it... much harder than the MA grab, which
is off a puller who can go FD.  He may also have to
go after adds which can't be mezzed, again, often in a mess,
and getting to the top of the hate list fast is a priority.  TA
is the Al Haig of tanking, ready to become SA if the MA
becomes RD (really dead)  Generally MA is Warrior,
SA and TA are Shadowknights or Paladins.

At any rate, this is about group composition; MA with
a cleric, SA with another cleric, TA with a third cleric.

Something else most raids need is a puller.  Most often
this is a monk, since he's got the best ability to not pull
in things you don't want, and can most easily dump aggro
to the MA, which is where you want it.  The puller brings
over the mobs, using FD to split, and then tells the MA
to tag one to bring it in to the raid kill zone to work on.
In some areas, this is so difficult that a second monk
may be useful, to do the tag; if the mobs aren't split and
both (or all twelve) come at the tagger, he can simply
FD and then both can start over.  With MA as tagger,
if its a real disaster overpull, the best you can hope for
is that he dies quietly and doesn't get the rest of the
raid dead with him.

Puller should be in a group with a cleric, because they
have the longest range heals; puller should also be healed
only while in successful FD, since otherwise his healer
will be added to the hate list, which can lead to unpleasant
surprises.  The SA or TA cleric would be a good choice.

Mezzer is a job you are familiar with from groups, its
much the same for raids, again, mezzer should probably
be grouped with a cleric, not the MA one or the puller
one if you have three.

Slower is normally a shaman, and often one of the least
likely to survive any major target.  Since he's likely to
get slammed by something hitting a lot harder than he's
designed to take, you guessed it, a cleric would be
a good choice.  Preferably not same one as the MA
or Chanter.. if you have four, not the same one as the
puller either, but pullers and slowers tend to take damage
at different times, so stacking this job isn't so bad, its
merely a question of there being enough mana available
to do it all.

The principle difference between a group and a raid
is summed up in one tactic, the CHeal chain.  Used
only on very heavy hitting mobs, this is a mechanism
for keeping your MA alive in an environment where
he's taking truely massive damage.  CHeal takes
ten seconds to cast, so at most a single cleric could
cast one every ten seconds (longer really since there's
a refresh time before recast.)  Say your tank has 5000
hp, and is taking 600 damage per second, this means
he only has 8 seconds to live.  While it would be possible
to keep him alive by having other healers constantly
throwing smaller heals at him while that cleric chain casts
CHeal, this will burn out your small healers and the
cleric will rapidly gain the top of the hate list, get engaged,
and die or go DA, whereupon you will wipe.

Instead, you set up the clerics to heal in rotation, each
starting their cast a set duration after the previous cleric,
so a CHeal is hitting the MA every 8 seconds, 6 seconds,
even 4 seconds or less.  The more clerics for this the
better, since that means each is casting less often so there's
less chance of getting the attention of the mob.  Note,
however, that in this situation, unless the chain is fairly
long or slow, those clerics are now ignoring all other
people in the raid, so you are forced to rely on the other
healers, or clerics not in chain, to handle SA offtank healing,
AOE damage healing, riposte healing, etc.  CHeal chain
clerics, experienced ones anyway, will let everyone else
in the raid, in their group or not, die rather than miss their
slot in the chain.

Other than this, a raid is pretty much a large group action,
with normal consideration due to nuking, melee damage,
so on and so forth.  One thing is that its more important
than ever for everyone but the MT to try not to gain
aggro; while in a group a wizard who gets slapped around
a couple times is just wasting some healing mana, on a
raid he's likely dead right away (remember that mob was
hitting a fully armored and disciplined main tank for 600
hp a second!) and may slaughter five or six others before
the MT manages to regain aggro.  In fact, although I don't
see this much, really the SA ought to be the one grabbing
aggro, since he's probably (if you followed my advice
above) better at getting it fast, which might prevent the mob
wiping most of your raid out.  MA can then try and take it
off the SA.

Bergh "note this is all biased from the point of view of a cleric"
Brelltender







