From 5128145746800453412
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ecb71243b33f899
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-26 09:23:06 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!leto.ou.edu!ounews.ou.edu!not-for-mail
From: "Brian E. Parker" <beparker@reply.in.the.group.plz>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <20010726110835.08235.00001349@ng-fp1.aol.com>
Subject: Re: Bad group or just unlucky?
Lines: 161
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Message-ID: <_pX77.29$c4.2058577@ounews.ou.edu>
Date: Thu, 26 Jul 2001 11:19:27 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 167.16.161.39
X-Complaints-To: news@ou.edu
X-Trace: ounews.ou.edu 996164346 167.16.161.39 (Thu, 26 Jul 2001 11:19:06 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 26 Jul 2001 11:19:06 CDT
Organization: The University of Oklahoma
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:99076


"BONDA170" <bonda170@aol.com> wrote in message
news:20010726110835.08235.00001349@ng-fp1.aol.com...
> My necromancer grouped at orc 1 in the commonlands the other night. There
was
> six of us, two tanks and four casters. So the tank pulls a load and we
dispatch
> them pretty easily. Next pull and about 3 pop and join the fray while
we're

If they didn't pop in the middle of the pull, and instead, popped after the
battle was started, you are fighting too close to the spawn points.

> fighting. My pet bites the bullet and the next thing i know an orc
centurion
> and a leggionnaire are aggro on me, beating me around like a rag doll. I
dont
> want to train the two on another caster so i just flap around waiting for
one

Instead of flapping around, I would suggest sending a groupsay message
letting the group know you are getting hammered.  I would also send a tell
to the tank - I would have these on the same hotkey.  As a chanter, I
usually have my cleric have a hotkey to send me a tell ( along with a
groupsay ) when something gets on them.  I usually see it happen, but if I
don't, a tell ( yellow on my screen ) is a lot more noticible than a
groupsay.

> of our tanks to get them off. my health is going down seriously and the
tank is
> busy finishing off 1 other centurion, im not sure where the other tank got
to,

Both tanks should have been on the Lego, unless there was a healer-type MoB
in the fray.  Not sure why one was on a Cent and the other was AWOL.

> he didnt die. All but one of the casters are standing around doing jack,
the
> one is throwing heals my way while im taking a beat down which is
prolonging my
> life by about, oh 10 seconds. I die and am not happy.

When I played my Wizard in groups, I considered it my job to wait until the
Mob was under 50% life and nuke it once to get it to the running stage ( and
bypass the stage where they go berserk on your ass ).  This style of Wiz
grouping helps the party and keeps the Mobs off of you when you nail them
with that 150+ Nuke.  And, when an overpull or just bad pops happen like
happened to you, I had the mana to do a couple monster nukes to kill the
Mobs fast.  I would be OOM at the end, but the person's ass whom I just
saved is always appreciative.

If you had a Wiz, they maybe should have been nuking your Mob.  A mage could
have sent their pet on your Mob.

BUT, this goes against standard grouping, where everyone kills the same Mob,
which should have been the Lego.  I think you guys were screwed from the
start, when you weren't all on the Lego and the others popped to join.

> IMO, the role of a tank is to dish out damage, take damage and protect the
> casters. I had half mana while the orc was killing me but i didnt have the
time
> to get a fart off let alone a spell. The tank had over half health and
should
> have aggro from all the mobs, thats his role isnt it? I was unlucky to be
> attacked but the tank should have jumped in and got the orcs off me, i
know he

You probably got jumped because your pet was fighting one of them instead of
assisting the main tank.  That's the biggest problem with Necros in groups,
from what I have seen.  Their pet will be assisting the main tank, and
another will aggro on the pet, so the pet turns to fight it.  If the pet
dies, the mob wants to eat the Necro.

Necro is my 2nd favorite class, and I love seeing them in groups, but
sometimes it's hard for them to be in control of their pets.  If they are
good at grouping, the are invaluable in a group.  I'd take one over a mage.

> saw what was happening because i circled the group about 3 times waiting
for
> assistance. And if not the tanks then why not another caster? they could
have
> occupied the mobs until the tank finished whatever the fuck he was doing,
sure
> they would have lost health but it would have prevented a party member
death.
> As a caster i need protection in a group otherwise im just a punch bag and
as
> far as im concerned i was thinking of the group by not training the orcs
on
> anybody but they werent thinking about me. The other casters threw no
damage
> spells, ok they may have been oom but i thought a good caster rarely
utters
> those words.

If the other casters realized that it was a bad situation and nuked the Hell
out of the one the Tank was on to free him up for your Lego, then they could
have been legitimately OOM.  Who knows.

I don't know what level you guys were ( guessing 6-9 ), but if you were 8th,
2 shadow steps and a run for zone may have been a good idea when you saw the
situation for what it was.  1 second seems like an eternity when getting
hammered by 2 Mobs, but you probably could have pulled it off if you weren't
terminally stunned ( apparently you weren't, if you were running around
flapping ).

> Now, thats my opnion but i dont have alot of experience in groups so am i
just
> being a whining baby over this or was this a bad group? I solo alot but i
do
> enjoy being in groups but as a caster i rely heavily on the tanks and when
this
> happens it puts me off the idea.

It looks like it was just a bad situation.  1 tank being "gone" really hurt.
By himself, he may have been able to taunt the lego off of you, letting you
escape.  A few nukes may have pulled it off of you, but would have gotten
another caster aggroed.  If there was a Wiz in your group, a Root or 2 would
have come in real handy.

Without someone who can Mez, having an "ADD 3" situation can be scary for
some people.  The casters may have froze, not knowing what to do - you don't
know, unless you went back and asked what happened.  After something like
that, you should go back to the party, loot your corpse, and find out what
happened.  Where was the other tank?  Was everyone OOM?  Why wasn't the tank
on the Lego?  The hardest part is to make suggestions instead of yelling at
people.  As a chanter, if people didn't assist the tank, I would ask "Is
everyone assisting the tank?" and if they said they weren't, I would explain
to them how to do it and why it is a good thing.  If they messed up again, I
would reinforce it with more suggestions.  If it kept up, I would sometimes
send a tell to the leader telling them that if the person does it again,
either they go or I go, and I don't care which.  It was never me that went -
any good group leader will take an intelligent chanter over someone who
doesn't want to practice good grouping skills.

Learning your role in a group is hard, and a lot of people don't take the
time to read up and find out what they should do in different situations.  I
had NO clue how to group my Wiz until I came here and asked.  I also came
here to find that wonderful guide on Enchanters, which helped me a lot.
When I log into LOIO, I have no problems getting in a group because I can
honestly say I'm a VERY good Enchanter.  People remember me and want to
group with me all the time over there because I know what I'm doing -
because I took the time to read up on Chanting.

Besides my normaly Mez, Stun, Breeze duties, I also do mid-battle pulls and
the groups love that.  The fort is always overcrowded, so if I can grab a
Sarnak that is wandering and mez him to keep him ready for the tanks, the
group loves it because that is free experience in a place where finding
pulls can sometimes be hard.

I just started a Warrior, but I haven't read up on grouping with one.  I
know the basics like "target the toughest Mob" "Don't switch targets"
"Always be aware of your party's mana levels", etc.  I'm level 6.5 and
haven't grouped with more than 1 person, so I don't have that grouping
experience as a Warrior, yet.  I'm hoping to find a good guide that will
give me a shove in the right direction.  I don't want to get someone killed
finding out via trial and error.

-BEP




