From -4004723952681630173
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,fee44a01a8a7c569,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-24 13:32:49 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!news-hog.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!newshub.sdsu.edu!west.cox.net!cox.net!newsfeed.rt.ru!rt.ru!image.surnet.ru!surnet.ru!news-xfer.siscom.net!204.186.200.232.MISMATCH!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3D3F0C87.67170247@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Type III focus items for clerics
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 127
Date: Wed, 24 Jul 2002 20:22:35 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.149
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1027542155 66.109.234.149 (Wed, 24 Jul 2002 16:22:35 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 24 Jul 2002 16:22:35 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:215557

So, went over Remington Stone / Zinphandel Chianti's web page
with the focus effects a bit today while waiting for the patch,
made my own cut down version that includes only level III
focus and only items that are cleric wearable, plus killed the
Reanimation ones as being a set of focus effects that clerics
cannot get any use from.

Lets see whats left.

The Affliction effects are limited to spells which last more
than 36 seconds.  The one good cleric DOT lasts only
30 seconds.  Bah.  Hmm, the other two DOTs last
longer, but are generally not worth casting since they
are less mana efficient than DD.  But I do cast them
sometimes while Root/Rotting with a druid partner,
and it might make sense to look at them again with
affliction boosters.  And an Affliction II item should do
the job there, which looks like lots easier to get ahold of.
Of the Affliction III items

Boots of Superiority wouldn't suck, and Boots of the Dead
Dream would be pretty nice upgrade.  Girdle of Magnificence
would be good.  All the extended affliction III items appear
to suck.

OK, on to Enhancement.  Clerics cast a lot of enhancements.
and spend a lot of mana doing so.  Won't work on DA/DB,
but other than that seems to be wide open.  Note says won't
work on Complete Heal spells...which could never be confused
for buffs.  I bet they mean won't work on Celestial Heal spells.

Amulet of Insight is the only item listed that is cleric usable for
Extended Enhancement III. And it looks like a pretty lame
amulet, not something I'd be happy  to wear otherwise.  Plus it
drops off a mob in Icewell that looks like an obvious Coldain
 faction hit.  For 15% savings on enhancements.  Hmm, suppose
I can put it on during raid buffing or pre exp group starts.

Extended Range III.  OK, I happen to have one of these.  Supple
Scale Armband.  I've always thought it was fairly lame, but the
focus effect meant I didn't feel quite so bad.  Its extremely easy
to get, has a very nice SvM boost, some SvF, and ok wis.  AC sucks
and I have better wis on a cleric gold bracer.. but I carried this
around for the saves.  The added range actually  helps more often
than I'd thought it would (get a message when it activates, so its
easy to tell) and lets me reach out and Remedy pullers (FD'd of
course) at quite impressive distances, while the other clerics just
have to watch them die  Upgrade would be to a Square Helm, but
that would be an even bigger hit to AC et al.. so I guess this POS
is the range item of choice for clerics.

Damage.  Three choices, white dragonscale cloak looks like the
a decent back item otherwise, Harla Dar's Talisman doesn't seem like
a crappy cleric neck, with 6 wis 30 hp 30 mana and 7 AC and
6 all saves (and all other stats) actually it looks pretty sweet.  And
bumping up DD damage by 20% would certainly come in handy
soloing.

Healing.  Won't work on CHeal, and I think I"ve also heard
not on Celestial.  This would mean that its useless for 90% of
the heals I cast.  Given the Uberness of the mobs that must
be beat down to get this, I'm thinking thats a lot to ask.  I'd
rather see it end up in the hands of a druid, whose heals will
actually use the focus.  Still, lets look.  Shroud of Veeshan.  That
looks like a nice enough cloak... more than nice enough with the
55hp and 110 mana.  Other two items listed there would be
worse than what I'm wearing now, and 20% savings on the
occaisional remedy isn't likely to change my mind

Mana Preservation III.  Why this one doesn't work on CHeal
is beyond me.  Blatent anti-clericism is what that is.  Still, here
we'd see quite significant use, as I cast a lot of spells other than
CHeal.  Only a 10% discount, mind you, but that would add
up.  Lets see.  Ignoring the MPIII... only the Skywatcher's
Monocle seems like an equipment upgrade.  Drops off Lord
Feshlak in ToV so I'll have about 20 other people bidding on
it when it drops.  Ick.

Reagent Conservation III.  This is a joke.  15 % chance of not
using a peridot?  Bah, who cares.  Lets take a peek though
just for grins.  Suck bracer.  Suck hat.  Suck neck...  yep,
VI thinks this focus effect sucks too.

Spell Haste III.  Typo there, says 33 second cast time but it
means 3 second cast time.  Speeding up cast time on heals
means more potential heals per minute, more comfortable
emergency heal decisions... not on CHeal of course but still
the remedy and celestial elixer action will appreciate this.
Similarly, faster Nukes mean far easier DD kiting... so this
is an interesting one.  Essence Lens would be a good  range
item upgrade.  Frostreavers cloak wouldn't be too bad a hit
as a back.  Valtrons necklace of wonder... not too bad, no
wis or mana but the other stats more than make up for that.
Hand of Mastery... maybe, not a terrible range item but
again no wis and not much mana boost.  Still, other stats
nice, AC great and good HP and saves.

SUmmoning Efficiency.  For cleric, only the III item is
ever of any use, our only pet is level 54 spell.  This may
be more useful in our hands than in anyone else's... the
cleric pet costs 600 mana to cast (so 25% savings is
150 mana) and pet has to be recast for each new fight
you want it in.  Course most clerics don't use this spell
at all, but it can come in handy, and I use it a lot more than
I used to now that its much cheaper to cast.  I have this
on an Enshrouded Veil, which isn't a terrible cleric item
otherwise (it was in my fire resist gear, but now I wear
it all the time) Other choices Overseer's Signet... sucks,
and Circlet of Summer... hmm, thats a pretty nice head
piece, something to look forward to, except that I bet
my "I need the SEIII Item" claims fall on deaf ears.

Lastly, Summoning Haste III.  Lame effect.  I don't
chain cast pets, I don't cast em at all if I don't have
a plan to keep em alive thru the one kill they are
likely to get.  And I"m rarely in any real hurry when I
do cast em.  Lets see.  Brell's Girdle... suck item but
it does have Brell's name on it  Kobold Jester's Crown...
also suck item.  So none of that for me thanks.

I'll have to look at the Affliction Efficiency II items
and my baby DOTs to see if that will be viable.

Bergh, 59 cleric with waaaaay too much time on his hands





