From -1148145091807896676
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b3c7dd4ca5ebd178
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-27 13:05:39 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!pln-e!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews4
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: How's Norrath nowadays ??
Date: Mon, 27 Jan 2003 14:46:51 -0600
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 115
Message-ID: <b145nr0p24@enews4.newsguy.com>
References: <Xns9310D26A28483Khalistroathotmail@194.134.35.158>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-623.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:260906

"Khalistro" wrote:
> The things I'd like to know are:
>
> How is Role Playing ??

Hmm... very minimal at best, and usually non-existent.  Unless you go to
Firiona Vie, where role-playing is strongly encouraged.

> Is it worse wth kewl dudes and so on?? Or have things relaxed ??

My personal opinion is that "kewl" dudes always come and go.  However, the
true griefers tend to vanish quickly, and you can work around the rest, so
it's really not so bad.

For example, there was a real griefer on Drinal... he would do things like
aggro all the guards in North Freeport and train them to the sewers where
all the KOS players congregated (back when NFP was the marketplace of
Drinal, before the Bazaar).  Or he'd invite newbies to the Arena with
promises of free plat, then kill them and laugh.  He did this for about a
week, then his account was banned from the game, which lost him a 51 rogue.
He was the exception to the rule: most people aren't in this game to grief
you.

Unless you go to a PvP server, then all bets are off.  =)

> How is the playing time ??
> Will I be able to play for 15 minutes and be able to "do"
> something constructive with my character, other then getting
> killed and spendeing the rest of my time recovering my body ??

Fifteen minutes?   ...likely not.  Everquest is *not* a game that can be
digested in bite-sized chunks.  If you really want to do well in the game,
you gotta stay for the full course.

It's all about getting XP, doing time-consuming quest, and clearing monsters
to get to the boss mobs and attempt to kill them for the nice treasure they
have.  This is *not* something you do for fifteen minutes a day.  Indeed,
it's hard for me to imagine *any* MMORPG that you could play for fifteen
minutes at a time and accomplish anything of note.

> Or do I need to team up with time eating guilds to obtain higer
> end gear for my character(s)

You don't *have* to join a guild, although access to some of the most
interesting and unique high-end content will be unavailable to you unless
you do.

And even that may not be true any more.  On Drinal, three people are
organizing so-called "zerg" raids, where anyone can join in and take down
mobs in the Planes of Power that were, until then, only taken down by
high-end guilds.  Killing these mobs has opened up new content for these
folks, and all without the benefit of being in a guild.

> How is camping and looting and all that ??

There will always be people camping spots for loot, but less than you might
imagine.  The best equipment drops from high-end mobs.  And the Bazaar has
proven to be a wonderful equalizer, allowing high-end players an easy way to
sell their outdated gear to people who can use it.  This in turn tends to
make people less likely to camp mobs for their rare drops.

As an example, when I first started playing over a year ago, a Sarnak Battle
Shield was 10,000pp and considered ultra-uber gear (at least by me).  Last
night I saw it being sold for 650pp.  Clearly no one's getting rich camping
those in Chardok and selling them.

> What I also *really* didn't like was the amount of time it
> took me to get from level 20 to 24 and losing 4!! levels in
> one night of freak unstable servers on Verant's part or my
> ISP's part whatever, but loosing weeks of playing and
> frustration to get bit by bit to level 24 to lose 4! levels in
> about one hour :-(

Servers are pretty stable - at least, in my part of the world they are.  You
won't lose four levels in an hour due to server crashes any more.

However, the game is still a considerable time investment - there's no
getting around that.  You have to decide if that's an investment you want to
make.

> Is the penalty for death still as bad ??

Death penalties have been lessened, especially from 1-10 (no XP lost for
dying) and 61-65 (if you get rezzed, you lost a miniscule amount of XP,
practically nothing).  And rezzes are much more readily available - a recent
addition to the game gives clerics their first rez at 14 (!!) and XP-giving
rezzes every few levels thereafter.  So no matter where you are, you are
usually able to find someone who can give you back some of your XP.

> Thanks for your input, for it will really help me decide wheter
> I will or won;t go back to Norrath.

Hehe, well, it sounds like you've already made up your mind not to come back
and just want us to justify that decision.  =)  You just have to come to
terms with the kind of game Everquest is:  a bunch of people getting
together to discover new content and get new treasure for themselves and
each other.  It was never about "role-playing" and it was never meant to be
something you could do for a few minutes a day and still see everything
there is to see.  If you can accept all of that, then EQ can be lots of fun.
I certainly enjoy it.

--
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
High Priest of Rodcet Nife
Winter's Light
Drinal server
>
> Yours,
>
> Khalistro
>




