From -6509682212328280917
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ba22f9b4c73fc76c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews2.google.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 48: Takish Hiz
Date: 25 Aug 2004 07:35:35 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 161
Message-ID: <cgi83n$4l0@odak26.prod.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: odak26.prod.google.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1093444535 19151 127.0.0.1 (25 Aug 2004 14:35:35 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 25 Aug 2004 14:35:35 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14598

Tales of Loral
Chapter 48: Takish Hiz

Elebrad looked to his fellow geomancers for support but found little.
The four mages, older than him by more than forty years, stared at the
doorway in front of them with grim faces and dead eyes.

A crash and a deep rumble from outside the door grabbed Elebrad's
attention. The ornate walls of the room shook. He saw the hands of
Galoniel, his teacher and master, shaking. The thundering of huge
footsteps approached the door, each louder and deeper than the last.
Elebrad's nerves crawled in his arms. Panic swelled in his stomach. He
felt nauseous.

"Steady." Elebrad looked to his mentor. Galoniel's eyes were bright and
he smiled. "We have lived good lives. We defend our city from the
enemies of Fire and Hate. Many old men on their deathbeds would give
their whole lives to be where we are now."

Elebrad's stomach calmed. He felt a serenity flow into him. Death was
inevitable. He would die in a few minutes but so had thousands who did
not die as well as he would. A tear fell down his tan cheek. He did not
want to die.

The door exploded. Black acidic gas poured around the five mages but
their spells of protection held. The beast entered. Torches and light
crystals reflected off of its black shining scales.

Elebrad had never seen a dragon before. It was smaller than he imagined
but when its burning green eyes fell on him, he wanted to flee. The
wyrm opened its mouth revealing rows of shining teeth and screamed.
Pain exploded in Elebrad's head and he felt blood run from his left
ear.

"Now!"

Each of the geomancers held their arms to their sides and chanted the
words that had never been said. The dragon roared again and raked a
foul claw into the third mage in the half circle, Frolmeia the
Greyhand. Horrible wounds in the elf's abdomen spilled the wizard's
organs onto the floor but the power of the spell would not stop.

The ground exploded into a column of earth and dust. Elebrad saw
nothing but a sea of sand . His skin cracked and the dust filled his
lungs. The roar of the storm dwarfed the shrieks of the dragon. When it
settled no movement or sound broke the dead silence of the chamber.
Five figures of stone sat around the petrified black dragon, stuck with
its mouth screaming and wings wide forever.

***

The demon stood massive on the scorched earth. He looked through the
visor of his planar helm, enchanted by the darkest wizards of hell to
give him sight in the brightest day and darkest nights. Beyond physical
sight, the helm allowed Xuzl to see into the souls of mortals. Good or
bad, powerful or weak, Xuzl saw all.

Jagged plates of enchanted steel armored his left shoulder and arm. He
stood fifteen feet high on twisted black hooves. Thick red skin covered
his massive muscled frame. His extended wings stretched thirty feet
across.

In his hand, Xuzl carried Kathramg the Soulburner. The serrated sword,
filled with the essence of a demon even older than Xuzl, dripped with
evil. Black flames writhed off of the sword's runed blade. For two
hundred years the lich-demons of Fire forged the weapon. Now, in the
demon's hand, it bathed in the blood of five hundred elves.

The world of Norrath never felt an evil as strong as the demon general.
All mortal beings that saw the demon unleashed on Norrath felt their
hearts sink. Even the dark elf wizards who summoned the demon and his
minions questioned their decision.

Xuzl turned to the small figure standing next to him.

"The Wyrm has failed. The geomancers have sealed off the corridors and
filled their blood with sand." The demon's booming voice rattled the
bones of the hooded dark elf wizard that leaned on his long runed
staff. "They have sealed us off from the rest of the city."

"What shall we do, Bloodlord Xuzl?" The wizard's ancient voice cracked
but held authority and confidence even when speaking to the
demon-prince of Fire. Few mortals had the courage to address the demon
at all.

"Bury it." Xuzl turned and the arch-wizard glimpsed the blazing green
eyes of the demon from within the depths of Xuzl's war-helm. "Bury
them."

***

Loral stood above the swirling sandpit that led to the ruins of Takish
Hiz. The wayfarers gave Loral the general directions but the burning of
the shield was all the confirmation he needed. The cursed shield, a
piece of the demon-lord Xuzl, knew where the elves had fallen. He knew
where Loral's ancestors fought and died to protect the city of Takish
Hiz. Xuzl should know these things. The demon had been there.

Xuzl enjoyed feeding memories into the elven cleric in dreams and
visions. The massive demon enjoyed feasting on the elves of Takish Hiz.
Xuzl commanded Solusek Ro's demon army when the dark elves summoned
them from the depths of Fire. Xuzl swept across the black cloud-filled
skies of eastern Tunaria armored in the finest enchanted armor and
wielding Kathramg. Xuzl filled Loral's mind with a vision of the demon
gliding fast over the ground and hewing an unwary scout in half at the
waist before the young elf knew what hit him. The wake of an ocean of
blood followed in the path of the grinning armored demon. The blood of
a thousand more would splash on the burning steel of Xuzl's armor
before the end.

But then he fell. Xuzl never showed Loral how that had happened.
Loral's dreams ended with the demon standing on a scorched hill
overlooking the burning ruins of Eiddar Forest.

Now Loral stood in the same place. His golden armor gleamed under the
burning sun and his enchanted hammer hung heavy in his hand. He turned
to his companions and then back to the sand vortex in front of him.
With a prayer to Tunare, Loral leaped into the pit.

***

Yeolarn Bronzeleaf recognized the seal on the letter at once but its
delivery method gave him a strong clue. Loral still used the Antonican
Bards when all of Yeolarn's other priests used wizards and the new
Wayfarer agents to deliver their reports.

Yeolarn sat in his thick oak chair and broke the seal on the letter.
The first words hit the five hundred year old elf like a hammer.

Elves still live in Takish Hiz.

The golems did not surprise me. They had been commanded to stop any
intruder. We intruded but did so five hundred years after the
geomancers expected anyone to enter Takish Hiz.

The geomancers live. They became something else after five hundred
years under the sand. Sand flows through their body like blood. Their
eyes shine like burning emeralds. They command the same mysterious
power they had when the city fell. Their minds are broken.

They fight a war against Ro and the Dark Elves that ended centuries
ago. They see no difference between the hellish knights of Ro and the
elves of Felwithe. They are not spectres or demons or golems. These are
our ancestors. They fight with a power lost to us and they fight as
though the invasion of Takish Hiz continues.

We killed them.

I know that the Felwithe council cannot tell what we have found in
Takish Hiz. I wish I did not know myself. The people of Felwithe will
be told that the armies of Ro and Innoruuk have filled the ruins of
Takish Hiz with demons and spirits. They must be told this. The truth
is too painful and answers no questions.

I tell you this truth because someone else must know. My hands bathed
in the blood of our fathers this night.

Tunare Help Us.

Loral



