From -5492687101288948379
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,264c7b573ddccbfb
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-25 15:11:51 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!enews.sgi.com!news-out.superfeed.net!propagator2-maxim!feed-maxim.newsfeeds.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To:  emporer@dejazzd.com
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: MELEE CHAT LOG, NOVEMBER 24, 2003
References: <hrj6svkl5stbepgbpva549fgr72rd4jrdj@4ax.com> <qhKwb.2530$f32.2095@nwrddc02.gnilink.net> <F3Lwb.1295$sW1.16110@news.uswest.net> <vs78p9t83uai67@news.supernews.com>
In-Reply-To: <vs78p9t83uai67@news.supernews.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 156
Message-ID: <UuRwb.4185$y5.261351@nnrp1.ptd.net>
Date: Tue, 25 Nov 2003 23:22:28 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.64
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1069802548 66.109.253.64 (Tue, 25 Nov 2003 18:22:28 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 25 Nov 2003 18:22:28 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:9226



Bob Perez wrote:

> "Sean Kennedy" <x@n.n> wrote in message
> news:F3Lwb.1295$sW1.16110@news.uswest.net...
> 
> 
>>If you greatly increase their taunt and beef up their damage soaking
>>abilities - there is no longer a need for knights - just like it used to
>>be.
> 
> 
> Currently, about 90% of my play is LDoN. In my experience, the key things
> that people look for when forming groups are:
> 
> 1. Healing - this is probably the only non-negotiable of the three

Having done LDoN with two rangers and a paladin and a mage for healing, 
with two bards and a mage for healing, I'm thinking this might be more 
negotiable than you think.  Kill fast enough and you don't need to worry 
about the healing.

> 2. CC - Some way to manage adds when pulling.
If you include lull pulling in the CC field, yes, but otherwise, not so 
much, I've done many runs where there was no CC plan at all other than 
"kill em all"

> 3. DPS - Gotta be able to take them out fast and efficiently
>
This, to me, is the non negotiable part.  You need to be able to kill 
one per two minutes, and one per minute for what I think of as a "good 
run" (done in under an hour if nothing goes wrong, or plenty of time to 
fix the problem if something does happen) or so for most missions.  I 
thought you could get around the DPS requirement by taking 
rescue/assassinate missions, but since you need to kill about 66% of the 
dungeon before the target will spawn, you still need DPS more than 
anything else.


> Reasonable people make powerful arguments either way on which of 2 or 3 is
> more significant (I think 3 is) but I see more people willing to sacrifice 3
> than 2. If all these melee changes go into effect AND warriors were to get a
> better taunt than Knights, 2 assures that Pacifying Knights will *still* be
> preferred or at least welcome on the same basis as Warriors.
> 
Aha, if Pacifying Knights win due to 2) then 2) does include lulling, in 
which case I'm with you.
> 
>>If anyone tells you to taunt more, ask them if they know how taunt works.
> 
The Taunt success message should be a Huge boost to warrior aggro 
control, as will some additional system to generate extra aggro outside 
taunt.  Never knowing whether a given taunt did anything is one of the 
most crippling things about the system as currently set up, and the 
cause of the "taunt more" demands IMO
> 
> This sounds like a good time to ask for a read-out on how taunt and hate
> work and how they interact with each other. Some of the discussion here has
> left me feeling that there are probably many subtleties that I don't fully
> appreciate. Please elaborate.
> 
Hate is a number that a mob has, one for each player.  All things being 
equal, the mob will try to kill whoever has the most hate at each point 
when it gets a swing (or tries to cast a spell).  Everything you do to a 
mob can add to your current hate figure, so the mob is constantly 
re-evaluating what it should do next.

A successful taunt gives the taunter the hate of the highest person on 
the hate list, plus one.

Other things that add hate: melee attacks (based on the potential 
damage, not actual damage, just swinging that big scary thing is as good 
as hitting with it for full damage), damage spells (here actual damage 
seems to matter), Healing anyone on the hate list (amount of heal seems 
to matter, except for Cheal), buffing anyone on the hate list (usually 
not much hate, but it does put you on the list) Other spells (different 
spells have different hate levels... and resisted spells seem to have 
lots more hate than successful ones), special attacks (kick, bash, 
backstab etc... esp the latter), and even some oddities like failed 
pickpocket attempts.  Hmm, and some procs have a Hate factor built in 
explicitly, and there are spells and songs like Jolt which lower hate, 
and there's even an illusion that somehow increases hate.

Things that affect the "all things being equal" part of the equation: 
proximity, which is to say that being closer counts for something, so 
you can have a higher hate than the person being beat on now and still 
not draw aggro if you are significantly further away and not -that- much 
higher on the list.  This isn't the same as "Prox aggro," which happens 
when the mob is rooted; now he'll always go for the closest potential 
target regardless of hate.  Blind: a blinded mob will go for the person 
on top of its hate list if in melee range... or will wander around 
trying to get into melee range if that person isn't there.  Fear: mob 
will run along a set path unless rooted.  Low HP aggro: Mob will go 
after anyone who gets under a certain %  of their HP bar.  Level aggro: 
mobs may go after low level characters who wouldn't seem to be 
generating nearly the hate of high level characters.  Sit aggro: 
speculation is that this is really an extreme example of sit aggro, and 
that sitting characters count as level one... be that as it may, sitting 
often gets you attacked, whereupon you stand, and the mob will often 
then go right back to what he was doing... or to the next sitting 
character.

Since hits when sitting are for max damage, you can really get trashed 
quickly as a caster: Nuke and get up on the list but prox aggro puts the 
melee still on top, then sit and the mob comes running to you for a free 
round of hits, then prox aggro favors you and you get another round of 
hits, and then low HP aggro locks him on you till you die... probably 
one more round later.

More fun: mobs may cast on people who aren't the one they are meleeing, 
I'm not sure why. Prox aggro (keeping the mob attacking the melee but 
hating you the most) perhaps?

Charm wipes the hate list and when it breaks, generates high hate for 
the former charmer.  Atone wipes the hate list or dramatically reduces 
it.  Mem blur likewise.  Mez -sometimes- wipes the hate list.  Note, 
wiping the hate list is often a very bad thing (tm)

Why is taunt good?  Because it instantly puts you on top of the hate 
list, no matter how far behind you might be.

Why is it bad?  Because it only barely puts you on top, if whatever put 
you behind keeps happening you won't be there long.  And its unreliable 
in the extreme, you probably only successfully taunt 50% or 33% of the 
time.  And its on a timer, which means if you use it and then need it 
shortly after, you won't have it.

Ideally, you'd taunt only after someone does something high aggro, hence 
grabbing that high aggro factor for yourself and keeping it from being 
them on the list, then do something in addition to that to get your own 
boost way up over the rest of the crowd.  Knights, who have good aggro 
generation all by themselves and could get away without ever using taunt 
at all, have this in spades: watch for the mob to turn, if it does hit 
taunt and then a snare or stun (depending on class), both cheap fast and 
high aggro spell lines.  Warriors have to hope that their weapons proc, 
which isn't a very good hope.

The new changes would mean you'd always know when you did manage a 
taunt, so you would be more able to taunt on demand, instead of 
repeatedly mashing it hoping for success eventually  (assuming you are 
looking at prox aggro and the mob really hates that wizard over there 
more than you).  This will benefit warriors because they'll make better 
use of taunt.. but it will benefit knights just as much as they can now 
better use taunt and cast plan; saving themselves some mana thats 
currently wasted.

But the other thing they hint at, that there will be some way Other than 
taunt, for warriors to generate hate, would also help them the same way; 
the combination might (might, mind you) resolve the extreme difference 
in how good warriors are for holding aggro versus knights.  Or it might 
not, depending on implementation, since they didn't really explain what 
it means at all, its very hard to say.

Splendid One, Dragonslayer, Firiona Vie



