From 5988069421223841011
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f7e0dad09d475175
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 28 Aug 2004 06:04:36 -0500
Date: Sat, 28 Aug 2004 07:04:35 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Question regarding pet pull
References: <32kpgc.n42.ln@arellarti.fqdn.th-h.de>
In-Reply-To: <32kpgc.n42.ln@arellarti.fqdn.th-h.de>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <3Mydnfob8vZZ-63cRVn-tg@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 78
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.251.128
X-Trace: sv3-TyuxUM06OskgxKC27HRZZjavQikYgGwnXa3ZWoux1ody9kmATiqT+4idBW/VFLP+/FpPgLUNTfyp4tk!C8OEjECZGFZ1TV3VsmyFriGyk78kSRJ+Js+SjCfK4BG0RwzdTysggdlkZFsKtfTGU21KD9SCKYa/
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.13
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14845



Hagen Sienhold wrote:
> Since a recent raid where our guild did not utilize this pet pulling
> strategie we have an internal discussion whether this is an exploit or
> just a feature of everquest.
> When I say pet pull I mean the situation where you pull a single mob out
> of a crowd of social mobs with a green pet and don't get the social mobs
> aggroed.
> In my opinion this is an exploit of the faction the pets are on. But
> there are others who disagree. They say SoE must have known this a long
> time and did not do anything against it. So it isn't an exploit but a
> feature.
> Right now I'm pretty unsure. Some say it doesn't even have to do with
> the faction.
> May be you have some ideas about this?
> 
> 
> Hagen

If this were the only way to single pull mobs in the game, I might be 
supportive of the idea that its an exploit.  But with FD, Lull, Sneak 
pull, Zone pull, COTH pull, Rez pull, high level pull, extreme range 
pull, charm pull, and I'm sure others I'm either not thinking of, or not 
even aware of, the general idea that using method X to single pull is 
automatically an exploit strikes me as invalid.

So next you'd have to approach on the basis that this -specific- method 
of pulling is a bug.  I'd agree with you if you were talking about zone 
line pulling; zone lines are an artifact of the way they set up the 
game, and for the most part make no sense within the context of the game 
itself.  Why would something stop chasing you just because you crossed 
an arbitrary line, say the one between WC and EC?

But I'm not so sure you'll be able to convince me pet aggro is similar. 
  Faction is a concept imbedded deeply into the game; its not congruent 
to any Real Life phenomenum, but works entirely on in game logic.  It 
is, however, observable, and not only can you act differently towards 
mob in game based on these observations, you -must- do so.

Take as an example, invisiblity.  If there's a mob you are KOS to, and 
invis makes you not KOS, then you might suppose that you could pull him, 
then run around the corner, cast invis, and he'd be unable to find you 
any more than he could before you pulled him.  Not so.  In fact, if you 
aggro him, then run out of follow range so he goes home, then wait 
around for an hour before casting invis and trying to sneak past him, 
he'll still be on you instantly.  Because he's more alert?  No, because 
your buddy who -isn't- on the hate list can invis and walk right past 
him repeatedly.

To me, if I can sneak past someone, and my buddy can sneak past someone, 
then an hour later we should still both be able to sneak past him, or 
neither of us.  But thats not the way things work on Norrath.

Point being, pet pull works based on faction, and we have to take things 
that work on faction based on internal consistency in the game, not on 
comparison to real life situations.

Lets try a different approach: unintended utility.  Well, here let me 
say this.  Pet classes have been getting the shaft where it comes to 
utility on raids for a long time.   Many raids, pets aren't allowed at 
all, or only to high end players who have gotten specific AA to give 
them the control they should always (IMO) have had all along.  Finding a 
raid level situation where pets are a help rather than (or perhaps in 
addition to) a hinderance is a "good thing".

So, to sum up: Its not doing something that is generally outlawed, its 
not using something that is an unintended artifact of the way the game 
world is represented by the program, and its not giving someone who is 
already overpowered a further massive advantage.

If you can come up with some other definition of Exploit that might 
explain why you think this fits that description, though, I'd be happy 
to entertain the notion.

Grage, 54 Berzerk, Luclin
Splendid One, 65 Mage, Firiona Vie



