From 1348019088504530208
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7a016121e96d8355
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-15 15:55:17 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <sorry@nospamforme.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: In pursuit of balance.
Date: Mon, 15 Dec 2003 15:51:22 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <vtsieu35fiu2a3@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <sorry@nospamforme.com>
References: <JHqDb.81322$bC.11209@clgrps13>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 74
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11893


"James Grahame" <jamesgrahamenospammela@shaw.ca> wrote in message
news:JHqDb.81322$bC.11209@clgrps13...

<snip suggestion of a class-less system>

Star Wars Galaxies attempted something like this, and went even further. In
SWG you chose a starting profession and then could choose starting stats
(kind of like EQ). However, once in the game your character had *ALL* skill
trees and professions open to him. You could start off as a Medic and decide
after a month that you really want to be a Bounty Hunter, or a Chef. You
were allocated a certain number of profession points to distribute, and this
was your only limiting factor. You could at any time surrender some of the
skills you'd previously learned and get back those points to be applied to
new skills and professions. Moreover, you could even change your *stats*
through a process known as Stat Migration. So if you had rolled a character
with stats appropriate for a Chef, you could still change the fundamental
stats of your character to allow him to be better suited for, say, a 1H
Sword Specialist as you went down that path. This was the ultimate
class-less system, allowing players to choose any combination of skills,
professions and stats interesting to them, subject only to the limitation of
points to distribute.

One problem with these kinds of systems is that they breed "templates" as
players learn over time the "optimal" combination of skills and professions
for fast progress through the game. Asheron's Call (another skill based
system) also developed this problem, to the point where one template became
so prominent it acquired a name and identity of its own and thousands of
players built characters based on that template. As you can imagine, the
template winds up becoming some form of mage-tank.  This is where your
itemization idea would probably help, because without any limits, almost
everyone eventually gravitates to the mage-tank model. The other solution is
to dramatically limit the available skill points so that you can't be all
things at all times, but limit it too much and you wind up creating real
straight jackets that make none of the classes fun. It's a tough balance,
and I don't think any game has yet to get it right. The result with these
kinds of systems is that you wind up running around in a world where most
everyone is a variation on the same theme: boring.

The other big problem to deal with is the loss of class interdependence, a
feature whose value I didn't fully appreciate until I left EQ and started
playing SWG. Interdependence is a good and a bad thing. Bad when it creates
a major LFG bottleneck, good because it really fosters strong teamwork and
incentives for players to become masters of their profession. In SWG almost
everyone I ever hunted with had some Medic ability so that they could heal
themselves. Healing in SWG was not the art that it is in EQ. Most everyone I
ever hunted with had Scouting skills, too, so that they could loot corpses
of resources and run up hillsides. In general, players of a particular
profession brought little added value to groups. The issue in adding more
group members usually consisted solely of additional firepower.

This homogenization of the game world really hurt SWG and AC imo and is one
of the things that eventually brought me back to EQ. Although LFG is still a
pain in the ass, the magic that occurs when the team gets in gear is worth
it in my view. If the system you propose can sufficiently deal with this
homogenization issue, fine. But I suspect that basing it on itemization
limits alone isn't going to be enough. People will carry around item sets to
cater to many situations and you'll wind up again with totally
interchangeable players where nobody brings much inherent added value.

In my view, balance doesn't = equality. If that was all there was to it, it
would be easy to achieve and all the systems that have tried this by making
all things available to all characters are really taking an easy way out.
The more difficult, and more satisfying solution (imo), is a system that
assures that the skills and unique characteristics of a heterogeneous player
population are all bringing comparable value. That's the kind of balance
that takes years to fine tune, and still isn't over even in EQ.

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Luminary-Shaman of 57 Winters
Citizen of Firiona Vie





