From 8456472515824802987
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2489e7edbc724b11,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,UTF8
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!news.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 15 Apr 2005 09:05:24 -0500
From: Seeq Endestroi <seeq@nospam.co.uk>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: EverQuest Producer's Letter
Date: Fri, 15 Apr 2005 09:05:22 -0500
Sender: Seeq Endestroi <seeq@nospam.co.uk>
Reply-To: Seeq Endestroi <seeq@nospam.co.uk>
Message-ID: <jeiv51pedj4r9292elfgv9f83c49ihbrvk@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 2.0/32.652
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Lines: 79
X-Trace: sv3-21BpwezvEP7GGygNDRDDJtWvvLjuoZpSvge6MtyCuMLn6qRBH7jveZG5YZnz5eqdBWJgdKTBULyznk1!NI/mY/T5Cr1RcAbGAGOoGKU9atgrkI+E8l38o0aFct02VFy8SCHsdXqH5RFDFbzoJ3gj
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:34698

http://tinyurl.com/ajc5z

EverQuest Producer's Letter

Greetings Norrathians!

First off I wanted to take some time to introduce myself as the new producer of EverQuest.
EverQuest has been a large part of my life for the past three years; including the past
two years as the game's Associate Producer. During my time on the EverQuest team I've come
to realize one of the great things about EQ is the friendships and the community that
we’ve all come to love.   We all remember the first time we logged into EQ.  If your
experience was anything like mine, you were shocked that so many windows could fit on one
screen!  Thankfully, most of us found our way out of the initial shock and found folks who
showed us the ins and outs of the game. Many of these in-game friendships have grown into
friendships outside of Norrath and for that I thank EverQuest.

We all know that EverQuest is not just a game.  The game and its community are both a
large part of all our lives.  Our team takes great pride in this fact, but at the same
time we are humbled by the responsibilities that come along with it.  As developers, our
primary responsibilities are to make an entertaining game and to support the thriving
EverQuest community.  Only by working closely with you, can we keep EverQuest successful
for years to come. 

As I hope you have noticed, our team spends a great deal of time on message boards and we
are constantly gathering what's important to you and bringing that information to the
forefront.  We continue to develop procedures that facilitate that process, but allowing
our community to thrive requires an ongoing dialogue with you. For instance, class
re-envisionment has been, and continues to be, a hot topic.  The recent patch represents
many of the initial changes we’ve made together, and we welcome your continued feedback on
them.  Our goal is to get these changes out as quickly as is reasonable, but to pace
ourselves knowing full well that this will take many iterations and updates.  This
continues to be a top priority and we've already made many changes based on your feedback.
Your continued feedback allows us to make EverQuest a better game.

Another hot topic in the EQ community right now is server merges.  Merging servers was a
tough decision, but it is necessary for the continued success of the game and these
changes will make EverQuest healthier in the long run.  Larger populations make it easier
for players to interact, trade items, find groups, and establish guilds.   As with many
changes of this magnitude, there are bumps in the road along the way.  To help things go a
little smoother, we are planning a few changes to address some concerns that you have
raised.  

First, we'll be instancing the Plane of Time to alleviate the bottle neck that many of you
may face as a result of higher populations.

Second, at the request of the players, we're going to combine the servers that have
established a voluntary rotation system for raid targets. The Rathe and Karana will now be
combined.  The communities on The Rathe and Karana servers have put forth an extraordinary
amount of time and energy to create their rotational systems and we want to do what we can
to support these players and their chosen play style.  As a result of this change,
Bertoxxulous and Tholuxe Paells will be combined.   

Third, we've heard your opinions on which server names should be kept after the mergers.
We feel the real answer to this question is that you, the community, should decide the
name for your server.  Therefore, we will be adding polls to allow every player the chance
to vote for the name of their particular server (including servers that have already been
merged).  We're working out the details of that now so stay tuned for a post shortly.

Moving forward, the EverQuest team has some ambitious plans for the next twelve months.  I
can't play spoiler to them all (yet), but I can say that we are extremely excited about
the direction we're heading and I wanted to give you a sneak peek. As most of you already
know, veteran players will be receiving bonuses this spring as a token of our appreciation
for making EQ and the EQ community what it is today.  This summer will bring a complete
revamp of the newbie experience and will also hold some additional content for existing
players that I can't wait to play.  Also, be ready for art facelifts to some of our old
stomping grounds this fall.  I'd like to tell you about some of the other things we have
planned, but you'll just have to wait and see. :)

Our team has a tremendous responsibility to be faithful stewards to Norrath and its
community. EverQuest has enjoyed over six years of success and we plan on keeping it that
way for at least six more. My sincerest thanks go out to all of you for allowing me to be
a part of the EverQuest community.

Regards,

Craig Knapp (aka Zorillius)

Producer, EverQuest



