From -2279371784596040060
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,55f4bc934a075312,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-28 16:45:02 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!cyclone2.usenetserver.com!usenetserver.com!newscon06.news.prodigy.com!newsmst01.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr11.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Woofboy" <nonya@bidness.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Great Gaming Computer: LOUSY COMPANY TO GET IT FROM
Lines: 84
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <cE7t7.7357$vv5.3350654062@newssvr11.news.prodigy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.64.203.43
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr11.news.prodigy.com 1001719432 ST000 65.64.203.43 (Fri, 28 Sep 2001 19:23:52 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 28 Sep 2001 19:23:52 EDT
Organization: Prodigy Internet http://www.prodigy.com
X-UserInfo1: TSU[@I_A\S@]B_TXYBHBNFXBBZ\LPCXLLBWLOOAFMAVNDQUBLNTC@AWZWDXZXQ[K\FFSKCVM@F_N_DOBWVWG__LG@VVOIPLIGX\\BU_B@\P\PFX\B[APHTWAHDCKJF^NHD[YJAZMCY_CWG[SX\Y]^KC\HSZRWSWKGAY_PC[BQ[BXAS\F\\@DMTLFZFUE@\VL
Date: Fri, 28 Sep 2001 23:23:52 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:121746

Just thought I'd share some recent experiences to spare some fellow EQ
players a little pain.


Alienware: I give it two thumbs down.


   My recent experiences with the computer manufacturing company called
Alienware have led me to feel the need to share my feelings in as many
forums as humanly possible. Firstly, let me say that I have no qualms about
the computer itself. That is working perfectly now and has a good bundle of
features. It is the customer service I found to be pathetic in general.

  A couple days after my system arrived, I discovered the cpu fan was making
a grinding noise. Apparently, in shipping, one of the fan wires had shifted
against the fan. A fan blade finally caught it and the fan broke. I called
Alienware's supposed 24/7 tech support. After 1 minute I was dropped into
voicemail with no chance to ever talk to a human being. I left a message
describing the problem, all my info, and a number for them to call me back.
No one ever called. The next day I called again. Blank slate, I was told
they didn't even have me listed in their database yet. Once we got that
sorted out, they dropped their next charming surprise on me. In order to
ship me a replacement fan, they would have to charge it to my credit card,
and when I returned the original fan, they would refund it. I found it VERY
irritating that I would need to pay AGAIN for a part that would not be
broken had they not used a simple plastic tie to restrict the wire (as I
myself did when I finally received the replacement). Further, I had paid for
the computer with my debit card so they would be taking the funds directly
out of my checking account. They did not give me an RMA number at this time,
and apparently they forgot about the whole thing.
  Two days later I discovered my new cdrw, while able to READ cd's, could
not actually write anything. After making 12 coasters, and testing with
another drive to verify that it was indeed the hp cdrw drive that was
defective, I called Alienware again. It was on a Saturday, so needless to sa
y, I ended up with voicemail. This time someone called me back after two
hours. I explained the problem, she seemed completely confused about how her
own company did business, and thought that I should have a folder full of
return Fedex labels to send the part back. How I would have such a folder of
preprinted labels with RMA numbers (return merchandise authorizations) on
them I do not know, since each rma number is generated at the time a
replacement part is requested. When I asked them not to charge to my debit
card and tried to give her my credit card instead, she was completely lost,
and recommended I call back on Monday. I gave up on her and waited until
Monday.
  On Monday I called, arranged the items to be shipped (apparently the order
for the cpu fan had just been sitting there the whole time, and no one could
explain why that was). I also gave my credit card number and representative
said he would arrange to have it charged to that card instead. The next day
they charged $130.00 to my debit card, exactly as they had assured me they
would not do. Had I not noticed, and transferred money from an emergency
account that I maintain for just such stupidity, this would have caused my
rent check to bounce. I called Alienware and asked to speak to a supervisor.
I never got one. I explained the situation to the rep, who said a supervisor
would call me back. You guessed it, no one ever did. The items are still
charged to my debit card, though I have already returned the originals via
Fedex to Alienware.
  Finally, I received a call from Alienware. I had gotten a $100.00 rebate
form in a game I recently purchased. I got the form before I ever ordered
the computer, but waited until I received the computer before sending them
the form. The woman on the phone informed me I would not be receiving a
rebate because they had not received the form prior to actually shipping me
the computer. (Nowhere on the form did it mention this necessity)

  In short, although I have a working and relatively good computer now, I
will NEVER buy anything from Alienware again. I highly recommend others who
are buying a custom system consider alternatives such as Falcon Northwest,
and Minotaur. Ask carefully about warranty replacement service. And try
calling their tech support numbers first to see what kind of knowledge level
their people have before you buy from anyone.

note: Alienware's biggest advertising forum is PC Gamer, and they cater
 primarily to the hard core gamer types) (It was a loaded Aurora  Athlon DDR
System I ordered, if anyone wondered)



Woofboy
aka Gnifty Degnomely, Gnome about Town
aka Aaranrahl Blazethorn, Paineel Hole Diving Champion of 1999 (awarded
posthumously)






