From -4761754859555444582
X-Google-Thread: fb739,19ce55719ca00187,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
From: Palindrome <damon-nomad@tiscali.co.uk>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Want your Drakkin Breath ability?
Date: Sat, 23 Sep 2006 13:55:15 +0100
Message-ID: <97aah2d39jmrc0rpl8sed240pp4qk71rai@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.93/32.576 English (American)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 78
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: 88.107.178.126
NNTP-Posting-Host: mk-nntp-2.news.uk.tiscali.com
X-Trace: 23 Sep 2006 13:54:22 +0100, mk-nntp-2.news.uk.tiscali.com
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!newsfeed00.sul.t-online.de!t-online.de!newsfeed1.ip.tiscali.net!tiscali!newsfeed2.ip.tiscali.net!212.74.112.120.MISMATCH!mk-nntp-1.news.uk.worldonline.com!mk-nntp-2.news.uk.tiscali.com
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:4033

Hi All

This is a slight rehash of a post I made on Allakhazam's forums, so I
thought it may be handy posting it here in case a few people don't go
there.  Note this is for Drakkin only.  Yes, that might sound obvious,
but a Dwarf turned up at the same time I did, to collect the book in
Gekkar's Haunt, and he was really miffed when I told him it wouldn't
give him the Breath Ability!  He wasn't the only one - several other
races in /ooc, throughout the evening, had also assumed they could get
the Breath Ability too.  You can use the Breath Ability at lvl 5
onwards.  There are more quests to increase the Breath's power at lvl
10, 15, 20 and so on.

THE QUEST

The quest basically starts with talking to Mystrana, in the Council
Room of Crescent Reach. Follow her quests and when they are done she
tells you to speak to the Council Members. In short, she wants you to
see Librarian Hemfar about the city Charter. He asks you to get a new
copy from upstairs, which is just up the ramp beside him. Get the new
Charter by clicking the bookshelf next to Library Assistant Ginute. Go
back to Mystrana.

She then sends you for a book in Gekkdar's Haunt, on the top level of
the city. The blurb about a "hidden room" is bull. Leave the Lift Room
you just arrived in, and the supposedly hidden room is then on your
left, in plain sight!  The (open) book is in plain sight on top of a
crate. 

Mystrana is pleased you did her quests, and this is when she tells you
to see the Council of Six, which is the people in the same room as
Mystrana. NOT the Dragons :)


IMPORTANT: Thinking ahead, I spoke to Councillor Reakash - she is a
blue dragon descendant, as am I. Obviously, speak to the Councillor
who is descended from the same dragonkind YOU are.  You can, I would
think, do the other councillor's quests if you want, but you don't get
THEIR Breath Ability.

WHAT FOLLOWS IS THE QUEST FOR "BLUE" DRAKKIN TYPES. CHECK YOUR
SPECIFIC COUNCILLOR BEFORE STARTING, AS YOUR QUESTS MAY BE DIFFERENT.

The Banner Quest:  Reakash wanted me to see Tailor Meikolu (in the
room with the other Tailors) and make a banner. He gives you all the
items you need AND the container to combine them to get a banner. This
is given to the Tailor, and he attaches it to a pole or some such, and
you get this new form of banner back. Give it to Reakash, who then
gives you the next quest.

The Serenity Quest: See Merchant Wyn'las, open the merchant window and
get a free Windchime and Jar. The Jar is held on the cursor under one
of the waterfalls (I used one of the ones in the newbie yard) which
fills it with mist. Then I went up to the Dragon area, where there's a
pond. On the bottom of the pond are some blue bottles which are the
Pond Samples you need for Reakash. Simply give the mist-filled jar,
the Windchime and the Pond Sample to Reakash. Her quests are done, and
she sent me to talk to Osh'Vir, the big blue dragon who is my
particular racial lord

Strengthening The Blood:  He wants the 'Hollows Widow Poison Sac'
which drops off a spider in the newbie yard, over the first bridge as
you head towards the Blightire end of Crescent Reach.  It's where the
pumas and little drakes are. NOTE: I had picked this up at lvl 3, not
knowing what it was for, as it was just rotting.  Despite warnings in
/ooc to the effect of "ah, if you get the Sac before you get the
Quest, it's no use. You have to delete it and get another one"  it WAS
ok to hand in.  

I duly did so and, there was my Breath Ability in the Generic AA
Window. Just make a Hotbutton for it and fire away. It is a
cone-effect AE and hits for about 7 damage, dropping the mob's magic
resist a bit.  Now to get the Charbone Skull to bump it's power up a
bit, as I hit 10 just now  :)



Palindrome


