From -2631557008537372847
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3738a556610d54b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-22 01:30:01 PST
Message-ID: <3bfc734f@itsawnews.its.rmit.edu.au>
From: A Shelton <ashelton@yallara.cs.rmit.edu.au>
Subject: Descriptive class comparison
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
User-Agent: tin/1.4.5-20010409 ("One More Nightmare") (UNIX) (SunOS/5.6 (sun4u))
NNTP-Posting-Host: yallara.cs.rmit.edu.au
Date: 22 Nov 2001 14:38:56 +1000
X-Trace: itsawnews.its.rmit.edu.au 1006400336 yallara.cs.rmit.edu.au (22 Nov 2001 14:38:56 +1000)
Lines: 414
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news1.optus.net.au!optus!vrn.edu.au!131.170.8.40.MISMATCH!itsawnews.its.rmit.edu.au!not-for-mail
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:137629

Greetings all,

After wasting way too much time thinking about EQ and reading many
a usenet discussion (google groups is wonderful) and web page i've
finally selected the character I should have picked in the first
place...and since i've wasted my time I figure I might as well
waste others time by trying to summarise what I read and some of
what i've seen in game. 

Don't bother flaming my lack of authority, because I admit it up
front. And it should be obvious that a skilled / entertaining /
twinked character will make any class more or less desirable.

Warning: This is opinionated, derived from reading rather
than experience (in most cases). What experience I do have
is in the lower level game on a single server in a small time
frame. It's just the perceptions I have from trying to understand
all the classes so I could pick the `best' one for me. All
insights were stolen, all errors are mine.

Oh, it's also got a (really obvious) group bias, because I
don't play a MMOG to solo.

1. The Tanks

A couple of times i've got to party with mage heavy, or only,
parties. I'm sure this is a low level phenomena only, because
these groups tend to have very little `depth'. A bad pull can
very quickly become a rout and bodies start dropping. It also
makes it hard to focus the party. As such a solid tank who can
accept, focus and minimize the parties damage is a good thing.

Warrior
-------

The best tank, no questions asked. This is because the class has
been designed for this function, which is always a good start.
Likewise the player, in general, has a clear understanding of what
their role is in the party. They are also forced to rely on their
party members doing the right things to support them, so a good
tank will tend to focus and organise the parties efforts. Likewise
they rarely want to solo, so they have a continuous interest in
founding solid groups.

They're not the most damaging class, but they can certainly deliver a
sizable and reliable contribution. The discipline:defensive is
good enough to make them dominate at higher levels. Comparing this
one discipline to all the paladins skills and disciplines was enough
for me to abandon my paladin. 

They seem moderately common, but a party doesn't hurt for having
multiple tanks. Gear makes a huge input on how effective they are
able to be.

Monk
----

For some reason the idea of karate chopping a dragon to death has
always seemed really silly to me, but the class does have some nice
features. High defense, high damage output and some useful utility
skills. They can survive better with less gear, although i've seen
lots of twinkie monks and most of them are using specialty weapons.

They don't seem nearly as durable as warrriors. When they get hit,
or there are enemy casters, their hit points seem to melt away a 
lot faster. Apparently they're good for feign pulling at higher
levels. Many people put them as melee damagers rather than tanks.

The thing worth noting is that they have more ability to solo than
warriors. Feign death allows them to escape a rout which seems to
combine with the twinkie nature to make a lot of really gung-ho
monks around. They're just not as dependant on the party for either
safety or efficiency. As a result monks have gotten me killed a lot.

They don't seem all that common and can make a good addition to a
melee deficient party.

Rogue
-----

(My new class)

Apparently once severely broken but now mostly fixed. They're a
melee class character with an interesting collection of support
skills most of which are completely useless. Rogues don't find
traps/locks any more fun than anybody else, pick pocket is great for
keeping players wary of rogues meanwhile instill doubt and poison
end up being a lot less useful than they sound. Sneak/Hide is
excellent for scouting, but travelling the world at walking pace
makes it only for the patient. They can use archery to pull but
never want to. They get bonuses with throwing weapons which makes
no sense to anyone.

On the positive side they can deliver sizable servings of melee
damage. And with evade they might actually be able to not only
survive but continue doing so. If you want some more melee grunt
and have a reliable tank a rogue is a reasonable add to a party.

On the positive side they are really poor soloers and moderately
fragile. As such they adore a good and solid party which lets them
do their thing. On the downside they attract some really dodgy
players who think playing a rogue is a license to be greedy. There
also seems to be a surprising number of really agressively twinked
rogues. 

They're not amazingly common, but I think a lot of people drop them
before reaching high levels.

Paladin
-------

In theory a really cool concept, in practice far less impressive. On
the positive side they make acceptable tanks, acceptable melee damage
delivers and acceptable downtime or desperation healers. It also takes
a more skilled player to play them to their full potential, as well as
good gear.

The problem is that even when well played they still don't seem all
that impressive. Most parties would strongly prefer a real tank and
a true wisdom caster to handle healing. As such a paladin is most
useful in a pick-up party of desperation, which isn't really something
desireable in the first place. In a well formed party the paladin will
be outshone in each department.

On the positive side paladins solo pretty poorly and tend to attract
a reasonable number of `role players'. As such they're good company
and tend to make sure they contribute as much to the group as they
can. They're more common than I would have expected.

Shadow Knight
-------------

Like the paladin the shadow knight is not as impressive as it sounds.
They have some decent offensive spells, decent melee damage and
acceptable tankability. They're still not masters of anything much.

On the positive side their spells are only eclipsed when the party
contains a necromancer, which is a lot less common than a party
having a healer/cleric. Then again, most parties care a lot more
about having decent healing than access to a collection of fairly
average dots.

A reasonable percentage of the shadow knights are into the `atmosphere'
thing, although in this case they're playing cruel warriors of an
evil god, which isn't always conducive to good party play. Their
abilities are also less helpful to a party than those of the paladin.
And, because they can solo better, they're not nearly as dependant.
On the other hand a lot of people play shadow knights due to the lack
of variety in large race classes. They're surprisingly common on my
server.

Ranger
------

Almost certainly the best of the hybrid classes, and really common.
They are pretty average tanks but deliver good melee damage. They
have a range of druid spells which are good if you don't have a druid
and still useful even if you do. They can do spell damage as well as
some spell healing, thus neatly eclipsing both SK and Paladin. They
also get useful support skills.

There's still elements of the `hybrids curse'. They don't do more
damage than the main melee classes, and their spells are weak for
their level...a factor reduced by the fact that utility spells 
are not that level dependant. Their high offense and reasonable
defense means they sometimes get flattened by angry mobs. 

In general though they have an awfully good set of skills and can
comfortably fill a melee spot while contributing useful spell power.
Ranger players tend to be sociable but some are a bit too used to
soloing. They're pretty common.

2.	The Wisdom Casters
	------------------

Cleric
------

Clerics can heal, and warriors love this. Everyone else in the
party loves the fact that the warrior is still standing upright
doing damage. *everyone* adores the fact that the nasty beasty
is clawing on the tanks armor rather than testing the defenses of the
the rest of the party. Healing is reliable, efficient and 
neccessary in all parties at all levels.

The cleric also has some nice buffs for unarguably useful 
statistics (armor and Hp) as well as some other spells no one
will let him cast. Clerics have reasonable defense but no one
ever wants to rely on it. 

A lot of stat heads have argued, conclusively, that a cleric
may be too good a healer in a lot of cases. And the utility
spell list for a cleric is pretty light. The true strength of
the cleric is exactly in that focus. The cleric player has made
a character designed to be at the foundation of a party with fairly
low solo abilities and few utility spells. As such the good
players are sociable and truly focused on keeping the party
alive. They also have res, and everyone likes res.

The disadvantage of this is that a lot of people consider 
clerics to be mind numbingly boring...including many clerics.
While there seem to be a reasonable number around at low
level apparently a lot of them burn out. And since most
parties want one there's never enough to go round.

Druid
-----

A cleric with `tude. They've got reasonable healing and a
grab bag of other skills and spells. These include attack
spells, buffs and some really sweet utility spells. Although
some of these spells look like they'll fade at the high end.

The strength of a druid is in the utility spells. The movement
enhancement (speed, teleport, evac) and reduction (root, snare)
are really convenient. They also have a wide range of other
useful spell effects. Having a reasonable focus on offensive
magics they share the limitations of this area (see the wizard
description).

The main problem with druids is that they're common, a lot
of them are really focused on soloing or zipping around the
globe for fun and profit and they hate being the healer. As
such their `devotion' to the party is always open to question.
Even at my level i've seen druids happily blasting away or
leaving the party because they get bored.

Shaman
------

(my alt)

A cleric with a certain degree of confusion. Being the sole
spell caster open to many of the giant races they've got a
real grab bag of abilities. They've got decent healing,
nice dots and a bunch of buff spells the value of which is
either undecided (stats) or done better by a common class
(haste,hp,Ac) which makes for a nervous existence. 

Their attack speed debuff is well respected. And the rest
of their abilities acceptably cover most other area's. They
don't really have many obvious strengths though. A lot of
their abilties also mature quite late. Fortunately buffs,
if they are any value, remain useful (or not) throughout.

Shamans are not all that common. A lot of shaman players
are relatively sociable and don't mind being told to play
a fill in healer. This is possibly because they're not
recognized as a `premium' class and their solo abilities
mature late in the game.

3.	The Int Spell Casters
	---------------------

Wizards
-------

Wizards come first because they best demonstrate how magic
has certain problems. This applies most strongly to them but
also to all other offensive spell casters. It's enough of a
problem that most people consider wizards, who specialize in
offensive spell casting, `broken'.

The main problem is that monster hit points start to get fairly
high so that only the most powerful spells are worth using.
These spells may also be resisted. And, whether efficient or
not, resisted or not, these spells cost huge chunks of mana.
Because mana is a finite, and slow to recover, resource this
means that the power of offensive spells is restrained by 
mana efficiency. Compared to the fact that melee damage is
`limitless', and healing is efficient, it's widely regarded
as less useful.

In addition magic damage is only marginally enhanceable. 
Strong weapons and armor, buffs, and regeneration/healing
can make a warrior amazingly potent and durable. offensive
magic can only be enhanced in terms of recovery time (breeze)
or lowering resistance. In other words reducing the reductions,
not increasing the absolute power.

The main advantage of magic is time efficiency, utility and
ranged damage. By pouring mana into a target a caster can
potentially kill something quickly and potentially without
it getting much chance to respond. This is why most casters
have reasonable solo abilities. But because the kill rate is
low, once recovery is counted in, it actually doesn't generate
that much XP. Thus being useful *only* when soloing (where one
player gets all the xp).

As such wizards cop it right in the nuts. Their powerful magics
aren't awesome enough to make up for the long recovery times
even when resistance rolls favor the wizard. And this can't
be changed because that would make them sickeningly awesome
soloists. Even at my low level people are questioning the value
of wizards (though everyone likes ports).

They're supposed to regain mana efficiency through AoE attacks.
However in a party environment the ideal pull size is 1. In which
case an AoE has no benefit. In environments where the pull size
can be too large, such as richly populated dungeon environments,
AoE is incredibly dangerous, unreliable and interferes with 
crowd control. Wizards also have the cute feature that being 
too efficient, such as AoE'ing huge mobs or blasting adds, gets
them killed.

Mages
-----

This class has really powerful pets, ones that can make a warrior
wonder why he bothers, as well as decent nukes. It's got some
useful utility spells and good solo-ability. The nukes have
the same problem as for a wizard, but the pet gives `free'
melee damage over time.

The funny thing is how badly they suck in a party. Pet's are
really, really powerful. However they've been `nerfed' so that
they can never hold agro. As such in any group with a melee
component, such as most of them, they have no tactical use.
They're also dangerously imprecise in terms of how controllable
and reliable they are. In other words having limited tactical
use. I can't think of a case where I wouldn't rather have 
another tank, or melee damage dealer, over a magician for the
increased tactical flexibility.

On the positive side pets have some value to a party. Because
they can't hold aggro they last a long time making them a
hugely efficient way of turning mana into damage over time.

Mages are fairly common and generally solo oriented. Face it, these
people have generally picked the class because it can solo well.
Being a self contained party, with little in the way of utility,
they often aren't interested in the strengths and weaknesses of
the rest of the party. The most annoying ones consider the party
as simply *less* controllable pets.

Necromancers
------------

Like mages, only evil. They have more utility spells, DOT's
rather than nukes and a powerful pet. They're really powerful
and almost without exception strongly solo oriented. Their
pets have exactly the same problems as the magicians pet but
don't offer as much in the way of procs.

Necromancers are very common, because most people recognize
how powerful and independant they are. I have met some really
cool necromancers, but not a whole heap.

Bestmaster
----------

Gee, looks like another pet class to me. While at the same
time stealing most of the actually useful shaman buffs. Just
what the game needed.

I guess there had to be a luclin class for the socially
challenged.

Enchanters
----------

Why is this such a cool class? because it's spell lists don't
concentrate on nuking but on supporting a party. Not only this
but they get some fun utility spells and some wonderfull buffs
that are almost reason enough to have them in the group.

Their crowd control ability (stun, mez) magnifies the power of
a melee group by letting them pound on a small number (ideally 1)
foe at a time. This is really efficient. So efficient that doing
anything to interfere with the process will make your party
hate you. As such they're largely responsible for making AoE
spells obsolete.

They can solo, but most of the players intend to work with a
party. As such they are often quite skilled, sociable, and like
having a strong party to cover for their own fragility and
agro generation while doing their crowd control tricks.

They're moderately rare. There are also some enchanters played
by twinks or people who `read on the net' that they're a great
class. Unfortunately a badly or casually played enchanter will
get people killed. Fortunately the first person to go is generally
the enchanted themselves, so I assume the problem is self
correcting. In fact this probably explains why they're not so
common.

4.	Weird
	-----

Bards
-----

Bards are really odd. They're got decent combat and defense
skills to make up for the fact that they're constantly getting
beaten up. They've got a huge range of potent AoE or group
effects which are all of a continuous nature. A really good
bard can greatly enhance a group, but it takes skill, dedication
and a good net connection to do this. On the other hand i've
seen some shocking bards whose primary ability is playing one
song only, generally Selo's Accelerando as they speed away from
the party destruction they engineered. 

Once away from the power-gamers most bards are fairly sociable
and their skills are pretty welcome. A really skilled bard
who monitors the parties needs and meets them is a treasure.
The disadvantage is that their power is best used as the sixth
member of a well balanced 5 member team, and that's not always
common.

-- 
Apparently I'm insane, but I'm one of the happy kinds. (dilbert)

Also responsible for the Anime Meta-Review page (600+ reviews).
http://www.serc.rmit.edu.au/~ashelton/anime/


