From -1685622692139831869
X-Google-Thread: 10766f,25e43422fac41c68,start
X-Google-Thread: 10a756,25e43422fac41c68,start
X-Google-Thread: fb739,25e43422fac41c68,start
X-Google-Thread: 107032,25e43422fac41c68,start
X-Google-Thread: 1123f7,25e43422fac41c68,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid10766f,gid10a756,gidfb739,gid107032,gid1123f7,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!out02b.usenetserver.com!news.usenetserver.com!in04.usenetserver.com!news.usenetserver.com!nx01.iad01.newshosting.com!newshosting.com!post02.iad01!news.newsdemon.com!not-for-mail
Message-Id: <il0711310833071685@4ax.com>
Subject: M`I,5.Persecuti on - Molestati on durin g Tr avel
Newsgroups: alt.sex.nfs,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest,microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange,rec.music.dylan
Followup-To: alt.sex.nfs,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest,microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange,rec.music.dylan,uk.misc
From: meifmfvei@bigfoot.com
Date: 31 Dec 2007 08:33:11 GMT
Lines: 292
Organization: news.newsdemon.com
X-Complaints-To: abuse@newsdemon.com
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.sex.nfs:1639 comp.publish.prepress:10584 alt.games.everquest:12453 microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange:20591 rec.music.dylan:105412


MI5. Persecution: Molestation during Travel

MI5s persecution. of me varies in intensity. Since 1990 it has been steady
for perhaps 80% of the time; there was a notable quiet period in. 1993, and
another quiet period in Jan-Feb 1995, as well as a hiatus in the first. two
months. of 1999. It puzzles me that they cease and restart, seemingly
without any logic or reason. But one aspect of MI5s. activities against me
which. is relatively predictable is this weeks articles topic, which is
Molestation during Travel. Almost every time I cross. the Atlantic, go to
the Continent or even try. to enjoy a holiday in this country, you can bet
that MI5 will be there doing their utmost. to wreck it all.

This aspect. of the harassment is particularly relevant as I will be
travelling to Europe again in a months time,. with naturally the Minidisc
recorder in tow;. so it will be interesting to see if I can record the
abuse which will almost certainly take place, either on the. Tube going to
the airport, at the airport, on the flight, in the terminal building -. MI5
have previously instituted instances of abuse at each of these. locations,
so well. see how much taxpayers money they waste this time, and whether it
will prove. possible to capture their abuse on minidisc.

Read about the. MI5 Persecution on the Web

June. 1992 in Polands mountain resort of Zakopane

The. persecution started in June 1990, and for the first two years I stayed
in the UK apart. from a couple of brief day trips to Calais. By the summer
of 1992 Id had enough of being cooped up. in England with abusive fellow
employees egged on by an abusive. secret police service, and decided to
spend. 10 days in southern Poland, on what was intended to be a holiday at
the mountain. resort town of Zakopane.

Unfortunately. the psychopaths of the Security Service were not willing to
allow me to enjoy a holiday in peace and quiet. The. journey to Zakopane
was by coach from the meeting point at Londons Victoria. coach station
(National Express) followed. by ferry followed by another coach across
Europe. As we. left Victoria a youth and his girlfriend started a loud
tirade. of abuse directed at "this bloke", where the "bloke" was never
named, but it was very clear that the "bloke" was myself. The youth. said
"they" had "found somebody from his school, and. he was always really
stressed at school, a real psycho". Again, the label. "they" was not
elaborated on, but it was clear. that "they" = the persecutors from
MI5. The boy also said, "he was in a bed and. breakfast for only one night
and. they got him". By a not unexpected coincidence I had been in a B&B in
Oxford a week previously, which had been. booked from work; other things
lead me to the. conclusion that the company's offices were bugged for most
of the 2 1/2 years that I was there,. so "they" would have known a room in
the B&B. had been booked. After a few minutes of this I went back to where
they were sitting and asked where they. were travelling. The boy named a
village in. France, and the girl's giggling suddenly ceased; presumably it
permeated to her brain cell what the purpose of. the boy's abuse was.

It is now very clear to me that. MI5 were trying to have me incarcerated,
assaulted or killed on this trip across Europe. The degree. of verbal
violence inescapably leads to this conclusion. When we arrived at. our
destination, it became clear that. many people, both in our tour group and
its guide, and among the ordinary residents of the town, knew. there was a
movement under way to "get" me. MI5 employed many people. and significant
resources for an action which they knew. would only take a maximum of ten
days. A. commercial operation would never have felt able to waste such
resources on such an unproductive and temporary action;. only a
state-sponsored, taxpayer-funded entity. like the Security Service would be
able to be so. wasteful.

To give some examples of what happened in those. ten days; I was walking in
some woods outside the town, when a Polish woman, looking. at me, said the
English "shit" in a strongly Polish-accented voice. For the. first three
years 1990-92 MI5 had. been trying to force this word on me. Another
example; I was walking near. my "hotel" when a mother said laughing to her
child, "a wiesz ze to. prawdziwy wariat" which means "you know hes a real
madman". And the. "TV reacting" happened there too; on Polish TV, a bemused
looking journalist said to another, "to jest sprawa. Anglikow", which means
"its the concern of the English", in other words,. none of our business,
despite what the English are trying to force down our. throats.

Just before we left for home, I went with. some others from our group to a
nearby bar. There a. man shouted at me the same sexual obscenity which MI5
have constantly thrown at me these. last three years. I think MI5 try to
justify their various terms of abuse by repeating them at me until I. say
them, either while. conscious or while talking in my sleep; and then they
seize on my saying. those words to "prove" that the obscenities are "my
fault", et cetera. This rather. stupid reasoning of theirs can actually be
seen as indicative of the psychopathic condition attributed. to them in a
previous article; blaming the victim for the crime you inflict on. him is
how psychopaths. think.

Nor did the persecutors let up during the return. trip. Returning on the
ferry over the channel, a rather. insalubrious-looking guy talked to his
mates about "and you know this bloke, hes really mad you. know, hes really
mad". On the National Express return coach to London, a group of. five or
six. young people started shouting at me. I slumped in my seat and tried to
avoid presenting a target, so they. got ever more strident - "whats the
matter. with you, cant you hear us?" One of the other people who had been
on the trip to Poland asked. them why they were shouting at me, and they
said, "hes been to Cambridge", to which the co-holidayer. asked them, "have
you been to. Cambridge?" presumably thinking they were aggrieved fellow
students, but they answered "no". Even after. I left the coach at Elephant
and Castle abuse continued; in the tube station,. two kids started throwing
abuse at me; one of them said to the other, "and. you know he works?" to
which the. other answered "yes".

Immediate Aftermath of. November 1992

As you will know. from previous articles, my manager at OCG - ARIS/Oxford,
Mr Mitchell,. induced a mental breakdown in me in the months leading up to
Nov/92. The diagnosis was regarded by the persecutors as. a victory for
them,. because few if any people give credence to allegations of harassment
when they are made by somebody suffering from schizophrenia. There. is also
a bias against the mentally ill, an. "institutionalised bigotry" in society
comparable to the institutionalised racism against. blacks.

However, MI5 did not. let up on persecuting me following Nov/92. In
December 1992 I flew by. charter jet to Alicante in Spain for two weeks
recuperation.. MI5 planted one of their people on the flight, a youth who
tried to start some noises that. "hes a nutter". One of the other
passengers replied, "oh hes a nutter is he? oh well!" and the youth. shut
up and said nothing. for the rest of the flight. I think it would be fair
to say that the youth. on the flight was embarrassed by what he had been
asked to do in making the flight. "uncomfortable" for me; he sounded
defensive rather than. aggressive.

My first trip to Canada in June. 1993

Ive already covered this in. a previous article so Ill just give a brief
summary here. On 10 June 1993. I flew British Airways from Heathrow to
Torontos Pearson Airport. On de-planing from. the aircraft, one of a group
of four fellow passengers looked. at me and said, laughing, "if he tries to
run away well find him". It was quite obvious that these four men. were the
ones who had been harassing. me since 1990.

I. did nothing to apprehend them or bring this incident to the attention of
the airport authorities, mostly because. this was my very first visit to
Canada, and the last thing I wanted was to get into a. dispute before I had
even finished disembarking. In. retrospect, I can see this was a terrible
mistake; I should have made every. effort to detain and identify these
people.

Subsequently I have made numerous attempts to obtain the. names of these
people from British Airways passenger lists, by talking to BA,. through a
lawyer in Ontario, through. a solicitor in England, through the UK police,
and also through. private detectives in the UK. But all my efforts have
come to nothing. BA have told me they keep passenger. lists for a period of
seven years, so they will still have the list for this. 1993 flight. I did
not see. or hear anything during the rest of my visit to Ontario in 1993
which would have. lead me to believe that I was being watched or followed.

Journey across. Canada in summer 1994

As I think. Ive already said in previous articles I emigrated to Canada in
late May 1994. For six weeks between late May 1994 and early. July 1994 I
travelled across Canada from coast. to coast, starting in Toronto, visiting
various cities and ending up in British Columbia. I saw this both. as
something of a holiday, and the chance to get to know. a little better my
adopted. country.

As you can. guess, MI5 followed me everywhere I went during these six
weeks. In Toronto, where I. started this trip in late May, I was spoken
about by one youth to another with the words "hes an. idiot", to which the
other replied,. laughing sympathetically, "good luck to him".

A couple of days later I went to Montreal and. stayed at the YMCA
downtown. As you can guess (this is all. so predictable, isnt it?) MI5
followed me there and bugged my room. at the YMCA. Not only that, but they
managed to set-up an instance of. "newscaster reaction" from a local
television station; while I was watching a Vermont. TV news programme on
the set in my room, the woman reporter said,. "well theyre just tired and
they. want to go home", which sounds like a pretty unprofessional thing to
say until you realise she was trying to say of. me that I was the one that
was supposed to be tired, and they (ie MI5) wanted me to. go home to the
UK.

On the bus journey across the North American continent, it was quite. clear
that MI5 were following me every step on the way. For the first. part of
the journey they actually. put someone on the bus with me, a youth who said
at me "that guys paranoid" and tried to incite other passengers. to attack
me. I stopped for a couple of days in Winnipeg in central Canada, and. on
leaving the town heard on the radio a. female presenter ranting about
"insanity! insanity!". It is very tiring travelling such. a long distance
by bus; I took the journey in. two steps, each of about 36 hours; and it is
especially tiring. when you know MI5 are watching you and harassing you
every. step of the way.

When I finally got to. Vancouver, MI5 instituted the usual harassment, in
very short order. I was surprised how. quickly they were able to induce
hatred towards me in elements of the general populace; the. Security
Service. must have employed a number of agents and serious resources in a
very short period of time; and for no real gain,. because I havent been
back. to BC for almost five years, so all their "work" appears to be for
nothing. In downtown Vancouver a. street person said in front of me,
"theyre all talking about him". For a few days I was staying. at Pauls
Guest House (345 W.14th Ave); on the day I left,. the owner Paul shouted at
no-one in particular, "hes going to Victoria" - which was. quite accurate,
I was indeed going. to the provincial capital Victoria on Vancouver
Island. But I had not told anyone at the. guest house where I was going; I
had only mentioned to my parents back in England on the phone that I. was
going away from Vancouver for a few days. Which leads me to suppose. that
MI5s bugging of the phone in my parents. house yielded the
"intelligence" that. I intended to visit Victoria, and they had passed the
information. on to Paul.

When I got to Victoria it was. again obvious that the persecutors were
"doing their stuff" there as well. On. the street I was identified as being
English,. although I had not said anything so my accent hadnt given me
away; and returning. by ferry to the mainland, I was abused by a Canadian
woman who said, "hes a nutter! you can run. but you cant hide". During my
years in Canada I have never heard the. word "nutter" on any other
occasion;. I do not think it is part of Canadians vocabulary; so the
Canadian woman on the ferry, who. was obviously talking about me, must have
been supplied with. this word by the English persecutors. And once I got
back to Vancouver, staying at the Austin Hotel on Granville St, I. listened
to a conversation in the. apartment block directly opposite, and a man
saying, "hes paranoid, so thats as bad as it can be, so why are they. doing
this. to him?".

Holiday. in the States, August 1995

By 1995 I. was living in Canada, and in August I went down the eastern
seaboard to Florida and as far. as Key West by car. As you can guess (this
is all so boring. and predictable, isnt it?) MI5 followed me every step of
the way. I can see in retrospect that this must have been. quite easy for
them as they had my car bugged, both on. the inside to listen to anything
that was said and what radio station I was listening to, as. well as what
must have been a tracker device installed to track it across. long
distances.

The first city I. visited was Philadelphia. In the old Congress Hall where
the first US Congress assembled, the woman. guide started referring to my
situation, saying that "all these people in Europe were watching. it", and
they were. "a little paranoid" at this 18th-century experiment in
democracy. Also I had recently written a newsgroup. post where Id described
a (female) poster as "wet-nosed". (implying "canine"), and a young girl in
Philadelphia remarked, "so he thinks. were dogs?" There were two or three
more incidents during this holiday in the. eastern States, including a
radio station down near Miami, showing "they" had tracked me all the. way
there, and were bugging the. inside of my car; but I didnt record the
details. and Ive forgotten some of it now. Also down in Miami Beach a
French tourist in a lift expressed support. for me with the words, "cest
incroyable" ie. its incredible,. meaning that MI5s well-known actions
against. me were beyond belief.

To go back a bit, in about May/June 1995 Id. visited New York, again by
car, and was. insulted several times by people using the same words that
had been used against me in England. In Central. Park, and elderly
Englishman (not a real gentleman - but then the. Engish view of themselves
as "gentlemen" etc is quite laughable) looked at me and. said "idiot". And
while I was. eating in a streetside restaurant a New York youth started
laughing and said something. like, "I cant believe it, hes actually here" -
I think that was because I had had an expressed wish to visit New York. for
some years before this, although after this visit I wont. be going there
again. for a very long time.

Visit to Poland. December 1995/January 1996

In December. 1995 I flew (BA again, unfortunately - every time Ive flown BA
one of these incidents has happened, presumably MI5 is happier setting. up
harassment on British-domiciled. carrier) from Montreal to Berlin and
travelled on to Poland to visit family. MI5 naturally harassed me. in
Poland. during my brief stay. They followed me around and got Polish people
to take part in the harassment. In. one case two Polish youths talked in
front of me saying in. English (with marked Polish accents), "fucked up
men, fuck you". There were also other incidents which I dont remember. too
clearly since it. was some time ago.

The return flight connected through Heathrow,. and in the transit lounge
MI5 again set-up harassment against. me. In Poland they were talking their
abuse in. English, and in London they set Polish people after me to speak
in Polish; they heard me on the phone to my father,. and said "a wiesz ze
to Polski. wariat", in an almost sympathetic, inclusive fashion
(translation.. "you know hes a Polish nutter"). Once on the flight to
Montreal I. was again set upon by two English youths, one of whom spoke and
the other listened. The aggressive "fat bastard" youth. said, "if he wants
to be a wanker" (its my fault theyre harassing me,. you see),
self-justification that "hes. a nutter" (so we have to keep on abusing him,
because hes ill), as well as talking about the town in Poland where I. had
been staying. He also said, "he doesnt know who we. are", but as already
remarked in a previous article, that was at best. a half-denial of my guess
expressed in internet. newsgroups that the people after me were MI5 - if
anything its. a half-confirmation rather than a half-denial.

These. incidents are still going on. You can hear digitised audio files of
abuse on. a BA flight to Berlin in 1998 on the Web at address

On this. flight they were again attacking my mental health; "paranoid, hes
paranoid" and "nutter" are. discernable. The last "during travel" contact
was at. Ottawa Airport on 21 July 1998, when "Alan Holdsworth" the
psychopath MI5 agent, dressed as a. vagrant, was pacing aggressively in the
departure area. In. three weeks I will again be travelling to Europe; we
will see what fresh. acts of molestation MI5 perpetrate during this trip.

1081


--
Posted via NewsDemon.com - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://www.NewsDem


