From 3976039059276625625
X-Google-Thread: fb739,643192f58b4c4f2,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 24 Dec 2004 10:23:48 -0600
Date: Fri, 24 Dec 2004 11:23:46 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: What don't I like about AO?
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <zuOdnT5ec80I31HcRVn-vQ@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 113
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.252.92
X-Trace: sv3-EpXlWGJah52zOllchzq2nguexwfDttQjgICQP7KSPvd2a1W3FR0T2e2tYiQSUPMtCQ7IRHFGA4RlTuA!2qJblXh67OMBmR8ROo/j0G1zOGhFUB/wr1CYXLbTGLeze91pghqIVTPZUZg3ozXdkkfA2OMNeKU=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:27928

I've been playing AO for the past week or so; its free to download the 
basic game, free to play for a year as long as you don't get any 
expansion.  By and large, I've been enjoying myself.

But I've been thinking about what I don't like about it, and thought I'd 
start a new thread.

First, instancing.  The only instancing I'd experienced before is the 
LDoN type, in EQ.  There, you form a group and go into your own private 
instance for the duration of a mission, then you come back out.  While 
you're in there, its just you and your group, but thats expected.

AO has this style of instancing, you get Missions, where only you (solo 
missions) or your Team (team missions) can enter into a special area, 
where you get the place to yourself.

But it also has a different style of instancing which I understand EQ2 
is using (and possibly other games as well); regular play areas are 
instanced on the fly to limit their population.  There are some good 
things about this; areas don't get ludicrously overcrowded, and at the 
same time they tend not to be -deserted-; AO only has two or three 
servers, which means that if they only have 2000 players on your server, 
the areas you are in will have few instances, each with a more or less 
normal population, if they have 100,000 players on your server, then 
there will be TONS of instances, each with a moderate population.

Whats wrong with that? Well, its this; people don't use chat that hits 
only the instance they are in (I don't know for sure that there is one); 
they use world wide channels that hit everyone in every instance. 
Playing on the newbie island, you will get into conversations with 
people, but the odds of your actually seeing them are vanishingly small, 
even though they are likely killing the same mob you are, in the same 
exact spot... in a parallel dimension, more or less.

There are work arounds; there are zones which don't instance, on the 
newbie island for example, you can go into the teleportal area where 
everyone is in the same instance, meet up, team up, go back out and 
you'll both be in the same instance.  And I think there's Shout, which 
might hit only your instance (but I'm not sure of that, I've never seen 
anyone use it).  You can find out which instance you're in by a fairly 
arcane procedure; you hit shift f9 and look, among lots of other 
information, at the Group Server = number; thats your instance.

Then there's the chat system.  When you start out, you only get access 
to a couple channels, among them Neu. Newbie OOC.  This chat goes out to 
everyone who hasn't shut it off, who hasn't selected a faction.  If you 
pick a faction, you stop getting that channel, and start getting Omni 
Newbie OOC or Clan Newbie OOC instead.  This means that the neutrals 
don't have access to Omni or Clan people in order to make their choice 
(they do have Neutrals who might encourage them to remain neutral), and 
essentially divides the population into three big chunks that don't talk 
to each other.  Strike up a vague friendship in Neu channel but then 
join a faction and you won't be hearing from that guy again unless he 
happens to join the same faction you did (if its a real friendship you 
will likely put him on your friends list so you can chat directly, but 
I'm talking about the more "community" angle)

Later, more channels pop up, lots of them, OT Seeking Team 1-10 for 
example, an LFG channel for low level Omni players; you'll hear all 
these channels simultaneously, while being able to pick which one you 
want to post in.  Thats not so bad, but the rift between the three 
factions remains largely in place.

Then there's Geography.  Again, this is about factions; depending on 
which you chose, you go to Rome (Omni), Athens (Clan) or Borelis 
(neutral).  Walking from one to another involves very long distances, 
there are more advanced transport systems available eventually, but at 
the beginning, essentially people from any one faction are restricted to 
interacting only with people from that faction, from any practical 
standpoint.

Again, though, other than this splitting by faction, there's no 
geographical split in communication; this means that you aren't just 
hearing from people near you, (in EQ1, most communication was in OOC in 
the zone you were in at the time) but from all over the place.  Odds of 
stumbling across someone you've been speaking with aren't all that good; 
they're likely to be in another part of the world, or even if they 
happen to be near you, in another instance.

For those reasons, or perhaps for others I don't get yet, there seems to 
be very little grouping going on.  Perhaps this is a function of my low 
levels; I've been experimenting with different professions and have 
never gone past 10th level.  But I've been in one group, total, and that 
was with a couple people who didn't communicate or coordinate efforts, 
we just sort of stayed near each other and tried to work on the same mobs.

The game is in one way very complex; professions are a general guideline 
to your character, but in large merely give you a choice of which skills 
will be easier to learn than others; you can get almost any skill 
combination going that you want, if you are willing to spend for it. 
The real distinction lies in your Nano set, which is sort of the "spell" 
system of the game.  Every profession gets some of these... and no 
profession seems to get a whole lot of them.  So in a way, the game is 
fairly simple; everyone gets a gun or sword, attacks mobs and tries to 
kill them before dying, perhaps leaning a little on their special Nano 
talents.

It seems to me that team action would be more interesting, allowing you 
to play around with combinations of nano abilities, allowing those with 
poor defenses to rely on their "tank" companions to bear the brunt.  But 
communications difficulties and instancing have thus far shown me little 
in the way of teaming; its been a week of solo solo solo... and I'm not 
convinced the game has a lot of legs for me if that continues to be the 
case.

Well, my hope is that once I've picked a profession, that sticking with 
it up past 10 (and thus out of the nearly empty OT 1-10 team chat) this 
will change.  And that by not switching professions every day, I'll end 
up with longer term relationships with people, again increasing grouping 
chances.  If I did the same thing in EQ1 I wouldn't get a lot of groups 
either, honestly!

Lance


