From 1958984932956654754
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f56512d4d61b85b9,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-15 13:57:57 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!zeus.visi.com!news-out.visi.com!priapus.visi.com!orange.octanews.net!news.octanews.net!green.octanews.net!news-out.octanews.net!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.ash.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nx02.iad01.newshosting.com!newshosting.com!newshosting.com!nx01.iad01.newshosting.com!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Kod'Taz at Last!
Date: Mon, 15 Mar 2004 13:58:31 -0800
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <105c9n0mlfdsq39@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 92
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:23473

After many tense and grueling attempts at each of the Tier 1 Barindu trials
(4 sewer and 2 mountain pass), last night I finally completed the sixth and
final trial, flagging me for what has recently become my most unwavering
obsession: entrance to the alluring, non-instanced zone of Kod'Taz, crown
jewel of the new Gates of Discord expansion.  While some have translated
"Kod'Taz" literally as "Phat Lewtz" and others have dismissed it as "More of
the Same", all I could think of throughout my journey was the deliciously
exciting adventure value of walking into the rarefied air of this zone and
exploring (and even dying in) lands yet unconquered (and in most cases
unseen) by the citizens of Firiona Vie.

Entering Kod'Taz requires a flag that must be obtained by:

1) Winning all four of the Barindu sewer trials and then both of the Barindu
mountain pass trials; or
2) Completing the Smith Rondo raid quest in Ferubi (bypassing the sewer
trials) and then completing both mountain pass trials.

I took the first approach. Either way, you've got to complete the mountain
trials and they are not trivial. The mobs are lethal fast and sometimes hard
to spot nestled away in nooks and stones along the pass (stonemites in
particular are hard to see and it's easy to wind up pulling a pair of them
along with your hynid or pooka). Although all mobs I've seen are slowable,
they all mitigate slow anywhere from "mostly" to "partially" and frequently
triple for 1100-1200. Time-geared guilds may find this a routine romp, but
your standard adventure party is going to have its hands FULL for several
hours.  Still, a solid group of adventurers can accomplish either of these
in an evening, particularly with the help of an enchanter that knows how to
keep a mountain pooka on a leash. Pookas chew through mobs, the difference
is *not* subtle. Get a Pooka Mastah, it will make your life much easier.

I knew I was going to love the environment of the mountain trials the first
time I stepped foot inside. The music is calm and soothing (very FF'ish,
actually), belying the great intensity ahead and it's an outdoor zone, with
all the happy news that that brings (particularly after the confines of the
dark and dank sewers). The maps are huge, and there are plenty of camps and
nameds, you could spend months farming these zones for great treasures and
experience.

As I am currently not guilded (not even e-plane enabled, let alone Time) I
did not have the opportunity to call upon guildmates to help knock these
down.  All six of my trials had to be done via strategically selected groups
assembled from the friends I've come to know on Firiona Vie. Each of the
trials has its own tactical signature so it was fabulous fun (and sometimes
fabulously tedious) building different groups for the different adventures.
A rogue, for example, is a wonderful asset in the Crematory and Lair trials
(2 and 3), cutting down completion times dramatically. A good TD3/max CHA
enchanter will cut down the 4-5 hour mountain trials (5 and 6) to a couple
of hours. I've gone back many times to redo each of the trials in order to
backflag my friends so that some time in the near future they'll be able to
walk into Kod'Taz with me. Unfortunately, none of them has yet to pass all
six trials and so it happened that my first visit to Kod'Taz would be alone.

After killing the final boss in mountain trial 2 and hailing the NPC who
provides the flag, I headed to the zone-in point for Kod'Taz, a lone rock in
the Natimbi mountains just west of the entrance to Qinimi. I hadn't done
much research on Kod'Taz and had no idea what to expect. Red aggroing mobs
at the zone-in? Streets lined with gold? Hellfire and brimstone? Who knows?
I stood at the stone, heady with exhiliration, and clicked ...

As the world settled down and started forming, the first thing I heard was a
new musical theme, busy strings announcing tension and mystery, and I found
myself standing in a wide open zone-in clearly designed for the assemblage
of large raiding parties. At my feet was a wide, dark path heading down a
hill toward distant (but visible, and heavily guarded) temples. It appears
that there are 4 or 5 major points of interest including a small temple just
around the corner, and a HUGE one off to the West that will probably require
a large raiding party just to approach. Many of the mobs patrolling the
nearby temple see-invis, so it didn't appear that there would be much I
could do alone.

Walking down the path toward the nearby temple stood a lone NPC conning
indifferent. I hailed him and went through a long and elaborate series of
dialogs regarding the lore of the Mata Murans, the newest scourge Not of
Norrath. In the course of these discussions I learned that I was to be
tested via three new trials. My first quest was to find an NPC at a temple
somewhat south of where I stood (and well into the danger zone), and follow
his instructions on clearing his temple of the various big uglies inside.
How I'm ever going to get to that NPC is still a mystery to me, but I
suppose I've got time to figure it out ...

Back to backflagging the rest of my friends. I'm going to need their help
...

-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Elder Barbarian Prophet of 65 Winters
Citizen of Firiona Vie
www.magelo.com/eq_view_profile.html?num=875942




