From 520382475178764009
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,31ce402062019327
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-09-20 14:06:11 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F6CC123.38B15734@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Idiot pullers in LDoN
References: <ahdpmv4oisgthb1k8i2vunibhnflomvgng@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 91
Date: Sat, 20 Sep 2003 21:13:46 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.70
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1064092426 66.109.254.70 (Sat, 20 Sep 2003 17:13:46 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 20 Sep 2003 17:13:46 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:301019



Darktyger wrote:

> Yeah, so, there we were in Rujarkian with a 30-something group. The
> ranger that was pulling (Recipe on Tunare) kept running a head the
> instant each mob fell and pulling another. He lost the ML several
> times getting too far ahead, the healer didn't have time to med (thank
> god it was a shaman and he could cani for mana), and he ran through
> several floor traps (I know, floor traps are mild, but it's still
> stupid). Finally, I started bitching at him about losing the ML so
> many times, and he responded with "SHE lost US, no one else is having
> trouble keeping up!" Yeah, asshat, because no one else is having to
> stop to loot. *sigh* Told him that with such reckless running around,
> he's lucky we haven't all gotten killed yet. He says "These are all
> like this, get used to it!" Funny, I says, I've been on over 20 of
> these and this is the first one with such an idiotic puller. I guess
> he didn't like that, 'cause he immediately disbanded me. Too bad for
> him the ML didn't like THAT, because she left right after. The shaman
> was worried about not looking bad, so he hung around to the end, but
> he said he woulda left long before otherwise. So, ML, Shammy, and I
> meet up back at camp and split loot amongst ourselves.
>
> As much as I hate dying, I wish we hadn't been so lucky. A full group
> wipe or two to blame on that asshat MIGHT have driven the point home
> to him...
> --
> Dark Tyger, keeper of the Nerf Railgun(tm)
>
> All hail the Thief....

Well I"ve only been on a couple of these, but so far I have to say that
this is indeed how its done.

Pull mob, kill mob, pull next mob, move move move.

You may stop to med a couple times per dungeon, usually after overpulls or
before the boss mob.  Other than that, any medding is accomplished while
the mobs are dying.  Stand up, nuke (or heal), sit your ass back down.
Watch aggro, watch your mana flow, try not to spend more than you are
medding, and yet don't spend any less than that either (simple solution to
the latter, never let your mana bar go to full)

ML is ML because he doesn't need the little extra med time he's losing due
to  looting.  And there -is- a ML because that saves a lot of time that
any other looting method wastes.  ML loots everything without questioning
it, except for the No Drop loots, those are usually augments.  There are
no respawns behind you, so leaving the bodies with no drop junk on them
isn't a problem, kill whatever you are currently dealing with, then split
the no drop item by whatever means (preferably random just because thats
fast but whatever, main thing is not to slow down the group).  Looter goes
back and gets his item while the group keeps pushing forward.  Helps if
someone can tell anyone lagging behind which direction you are moving in,
but usually its really not far to the next mob.

"Luckily the shaman had canni" you say.  Well if the shaman isn't using
canni for mana he might as well be a beastlord for all the good he's going
to do as a healer over the run of a 60 minute mission.  Canni is what
makes the substandard healing of a shaman workable; they have the mana
flow to make up for the crappier healing capability.  Presuming the shaman
did have plenty of mana without constant med breaks seems like the way to
go.

LDoN is something halfway in between a regular dungeon crawl, where you
have all the time in the world as long as you can keep ahead of repoprs,
and a POJ trial, where you have to kill mob after mob in 30 seconds
apiece.

All that said, the ranger was still in the wrong.  If the group is telling
the puller to pull slower, the puller has to listen.  For whatever reason,
he's moving too fast for the group; and pulling faster anyway isn't going
to make things better.  Discussing the situation with the group,
convincing them to change to meet the pace he has to maintain, yes.  But
the healers should know whats currently untenable; if their mana bars are
dropping steadily, lower after each fight, its easy to see that two or
three fights down the road they are going to be OOM, something has to
change.  LOM isn't even a good plan, because there's always the overpull
waiting to bite you in the ass if you were cutting it close.  Maintaining
the pull rate without adjustment somewhere else means the party is going
to wipe, inexorably.  To me, a wipe is worse than an "out of time"
failure; for one thing a wipe probably means you are going to to OOTime
anyway, but even if it doesn't, its a pain to run everyone back and move
back to where you died, plus if you could afford to waste that much time
you probably could have simply pushed a bit less hard, And the rez you are
likely to get from a group in their 30s isn't the 96% "who notices I lost
4%" kind we get spoiled by in our 60s.

Splendid





