From -7054337328825075341
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a48fe77cc6f34006
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-25 16:53:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.news.ucla.edu!ucdavis!runner.ucdavis.edu!ez064842
From: ez064842@runner.ucdavis.edu (Remington Stone)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Newbie Enchanter questions on weapons
Date: Thu, 25 Oct 2001 23:50:39 +0000 (UTC)
Organization: Infoholics Anonymous
Lines: 136
Message-ID: <9ra8ge$d3c$1@woodrow.ucdavis.edu>
References: <aKEB7.91840$sF.7449232@news2-win.server.ntlworld.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: runner.ucdavis.edu
X-Trace: woodrow.ucdavis.edu 1004053839 13420 169.237.105.37 (25 Oct 2001 23:50:39 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: usenet@ucdavis.edu
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 25 Oct 2001 23:50:39 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:129505

robert.Waddilove said:
}I am an Erudite enchanter and got to lvl 5 at qeynos hills, I have been
}using my dagger and a 2HB staff (the 2 gold kind) both are at about lvl 8,
}what is the best weapon given that I spent my hard earned cash on spells?

Cracked staff: the ultimate true newbie weapon... it does sell for almost 
a full plat, though, so it's tempting to trade it for spells. :) Later 
choices include the Runed Totem Staff if you want to continue with 2hb, 
or Staff of the Observers.  Rukgus's Sticker is a damn nice piercer, and 
-two- of my encs have had people walk up to them and hand them to us.

What the other guy says about melee is all true.  Once you hit level 12, 
do the stein of moggok quest.  I still use that sucker for tradeskills, 
and doing the quest over and over not only is an excellent source of plat, 
but also will eventually get you up to ally with most of the dangerous 
mobs in oggok. :)  It's silly, but I love walking around oggok in my 
native gnome form and teasing the newbie ogres. :)

My current handheld equipment at level 50:  Crude Stein ane Incandescent 
wand, for massive amounts of charisma.  Crude Stein is another good reason 
to hang out in Oggok.  Just ask when you see a high level non-ogre in the 
zone, they may let ya loot one. :)  

}Do I always have to have a robe? especialy yellow, and I see other casters
}carrying around dolls in their hands is that necessary, or can you put them
}in an inventory slot like a lightstone, do I not need to get a doll?

Most of the dolls go in either secondary or ranged.  Secondary is devoted 
to my crude stein or stein of moggok.  Or frostone stein if I'm fighting 
Vox. :)  For ranged, Sarnak ceremonial dagger is nice, or sacrificial 
dagger.  I had a Sarnak dagger there until day before yesterday when I 
finally finished the 3rd shawl and got Thoridain's seal. :) 

Speaking of the Sac Dagger, though, we were in Mistmoore last night 
looking for that darn imp that drops it for a couple hours... how rare is 
that spawn?  Anyone here ever camped it?  I got a guildie who really 
wants one. :)

Take up tailoring.  Make yourself raw silk gear as soon as possible.  
Eventually, you want to get your hands on a Blackened Crystalline Robe, 
which I wore until I got to the planes.  Green Silk Drape is a good 
holdover until you get that... It's a common drop, so everyone has one and 
it becomes a dog to sell.  A lot of folks'll just about give them away.  
Doesn't look that stylish, but for certain midlevel mobs that poison 
resist is very handy. :)  Another nice robe is the robe of the keeper.  It 
doesn't have awesome stats, but it does look -very- stylish on a female 
DE, and it's cheap. :) Crystalline robe is pretty good too, but for an 
enc, the charisma on BCR is worth camping the herbalist.

Other key pieces to swap out your raw silk for as you level up:  
   Drake-Scale Leggings.   Think mine were a gift, so dunno how hard they 
                           are to get really.  There's another pair, White 
                           Drake Scale or something like that, that drops 
                           off wurms in GD. Probably costly, but they're 
                           one of the few legs I know of with +int.
   Gatorscale Sleeves.     All around very nice.
   Kobold-Hide boots.      Pretty nice, cheap, you don't have many choices 
                           in footwear as an enc.  Golden Efreeti Boots 
                           are much better, but prohibitively costly.
   Golden Catseye Bracers. I made them myself! :) Golden Chitin Bracers 
                           for max int, though.  I managed to loot one a 
                           while back. yay! :) Polished Bone Bracers and 
                           Bracelets of Woven Grass are other nice +int
                           choices.
   Incandescent Gloves and Mask.
                           I really enjoyed these quests in my mid-late 
                           30's.  Still use the mask for max int for 
                           tradeskills.  Keep your ears open, you may be 
                           able to pick them up cheap.  I'm trying to 
                           unload the gloves at the moment... :/ But they 
                           lasted me until level 48.  Before those, Silver 
                           Star Ruby Veil and either Gem Encrusted 
                           Gauntlets (another fun quest... One of my 
                           chanters managed it at level 6... prolly the 
                           lowest person ever in a SK spires group. But 
                           she is insane. :) )... Dang, can't remember 
                           what the other good option was here.
   Savant's Cap.           They're everywhere!  Pick one up cheap. 25-30pp 
                           on my server.  Batfang Headband is almost as 
                           good, a trifle more obscure.  Eventually 
                           upgrade to a nightshade wreath.
   Golden Sapphire Earrings.
                           You've got some other choices here, but you can 
                           make these yourself if ya take up jewelry.  
                           ATM, I have one of these and an Ivandyr's Hoop.  
                           I finally got lucky with Lynuga. :)
   Silver Star Rose Quartz rings.
                           Cheap as all get out, even if you don't make em 
                           yourself, and they'll actually hold  ya for 
                           quite a while. Being in the qeynos area, and 
                           since you're gonna be grabbing Koalindls 
                           anyway for the stein quest, give one to eric 
                           ruklin by the pool until he gives you a free 
                           Band of Rodcet Nife.  (Note! Use a mule for 
                           Koalindl hunting! Baaad faction!  Very bad!)  
                           Also good: Moonstone rings, suprisingly.  But 
                           not until you get 200+ int.  And the Diamond 
                           Wedding Band from ToFS.  Ring of Frost is +3 
                           and can be found pretty cheap.  
   Silver/Platinum/Velium Sapphire necklaces.
                           More I made it myselfage. :) and the +str is so 
                           useful for carrying a touch of extra loot.  

Don't ask me why I'm still wearing a straw-spun belt.  That's probably my 
stupidest equipment choice, but I just can't decide on an upgrade.  Dang 
heavy-ass POS...  And btw, everyone else -please- criticize my equipment 
choices here... Always glad to hear about a piece I may have missed.  My 
main is mostly garbed in Insidious and resist jewelry now, so it's hardly 
relevant for him, but I do have other chanters out there... :)

As to melee:  if I'm grouped with a bard, like I was last night in Velk's, 
I don't really have to sit for mana... may as well take a few swings, long 
as I can avoid getting aggro.  My 1hb is nearly maxed now, time to work on 
my hand to hand. :)  In general, though, you shouldn't need to melee past 
about level 20-25.  And it's not like we actually do any damage that 
way... but I'm on a quest to max all my skills.  Anyone out there speak 
orcish on Ayonae Ro? :)

Man... Frenzy in Velk's rocked last night.  I dinged 50, and won the roll 
for the silver chitin bracer, and got to hang out with my favorite 
tanking guild cleric.  Finally, someone who wants my Boon! :)  Strangely, 
it seemed like I got many more resists after I dinged than before.  A lot 
of people have told me that there's no way an enc could do any crowd 
control in Velk's before 50.  That's simply not true.  I found it not too 
difficult to mez in the lower rooms as low as 44.  I'll take their word 
for it that I can't handle dogs until 55ish, though. :)

Now I just need 3 more glowing biles and about 10-20 points of tailoring, 
and 5th shawl! yaah! :)

Ok, I got way off-topic, forgive me. :)

[50 Enchanter] Zinphandel Chianti <Knights of IGF> (Gnome) Ayonae Ro
[14 Enchanter] Taina (Gnome) Cazic Thule
[5 Enchanter] Taina (Gnome) Test Server
[3 Enchanter] Archibald (Gnome) Firiona Vie


