From 7185424954883569146
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,183f50a492add5fb,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-05 11:19:35 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <af0e84ceece99825a5e1c01236daef36@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.he.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Wed, 05 Nov 2003 19:14:43 GMT
Lines: 134
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 13: The Kromrif
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6014

The bickering between the Church of Tunare and the Paladin's Guild had 
gone on for hours. Loral almost wished he had stayed the outcast he once 
was, but then remembered the dark times and thanked Tunare that he was 
once again her hand in Norrath. Loral sat in the back of the meeting 
hall, absently twisting one of his velium rings around his finger over 
and over and watching his green robes swirl while the debate raged on. 
The subject of whether the Elven nations would support the Coldain 
Dwarves of Thurgadin against the Kromrif Giants of Kael had gone on for 
weeks, but today it finally looked as though they might have a plan. 
They would send in a spy, someone who could find out what the Kromrif 
had in store for the Elven nations. If their grasp was farther than 
Thurgadin, the Fier'Dal would make a decision. Before another huge 
debate started, Loral raised his hand and volunteered for the job. He 
was already an enemy of the Velious frost giants, he explained, and he 
had a good idea where to look for this information. He also knew the 
perfect partner.

Cold wind bit at Loral's exposed face like a thousand Bixie daggers. It 
howled over the dunes of white snow and chilled his armor to his skin as 
he lay face down watching the front of the large fortress. Where is she, 
he thought as he watched the two frost giant guards outside the keep. It 
wouldn't be long before the patrol was back and that would mean dealing 
with four more of these monsters. Loral peeked once again into the 
Gnomish spyglass, a gift from the druid Wrenne, scanning over the 
desolate land behind him. She was no where in sight. Then as he was just 
about to collapse the spyglass, there she was.

Azile Ciricbane, the Erudite Evoker had her dark green hood pressed 
close in against the biting wind. Loral smiled as he watched her lips 
wording a thousand curses towards the blizzard above. It appeared that 
even her elemental armor could not take the sting out of the icy 
weather. She trudged through the snow, using her long staff to help her 
make her way, and came up to Loral's position. She looked down at 
Loral's red boots, a gift from the Healer Akaysa, and sighed. Loral 
smiled at her.

"I was wondering how long it was going to take you. We haven't much 
time. The patrol will be back soo.."

"We have all the time we need, they will not be back," Azile cut him off 
without even looking at him. She reached into a bag that hung around her 
waste and dropped four Velium swords to the ground. "Lets get on with 
this, I haven't all day." Loral smiled to himself as she continued to 
walk past him towards the front of the keep, not even bothering to 
conceal herself from the guards ahead. She was right, he nodded, they 
had a mission to accomplish.

Deep in the icy lands of the Eastern Wastes, surrounded by tons of rock 
and a platoon of Kromrif soldiers, Fjloaren Icebane seethed. He had been 
in charge of this fort for almost five months now and there seemed to be 
no sign that he would be brought back to Kael and promoted. Five months 
ago he had been offered his own command, his own garrison of troops and 
his own fort. Instead of the great stronghold of Wakening Lands, or the 
forward outpost in Greater Divide, he was given command of the worst 
post he knew of, the outpost of Eastern Wastes. Instead of immediate 
promotion and honor of leading armies against the Coldain, Fjloraren 
spent his days bargaining with the horribly stupid Ry'Gorr orcs or 
sending out raiding parties to destroy the lumbering Ulthork and the 
occasional Snow Griffin. Only the most incompetent soldiers working for 
the Kromrif were ever sent to this fort and it drove Fjloaren mad to 
know this. Fjloaren pretended to study a map of the area in his hut, 
while he stewed over this horrible turn of luck. He had no idea that in 
a short twenty minutes he would be dead.

Guard Kazul's feeble mind couldn't comprehend why this lone woman would 
walk so boldly towards the front gates of the outpost he guarded, but 
there she was. Dressed in green robes and carrying a long staff, the 
figure walked up as if she belonged in the place. He looked over to 
Faroth, the other guard, and smiled at him. Kazul then saw the thin 
tendrils, thousands of them, that laced Faroth from the ground all the 
way to his neck like a package of meat, paralyzing him. Kazul, finally 
realizing what had happened, reached for his own sword just before his 
head exploded.

Although angered that this attack had come as a surprise, Fjloarin was 
happy to be in battle once again no matter what the circumstances. He 
lifted his great battle axe from the table and in three steps was 
outside of his hut. The blast of fire greater than any known in nature 
almost blew him back into his hut. Outside, a single figure unleashed 
the flames of hell upon his troops. Azile turned towards another guard 
who rushed out of the hut next to Fjlorain's, exposing her back to him.

Fjloarin had been passed up many times for promotion for his blind 
ferocity and rage but he wasn't as stupid as his superiors thought. He 
carefully walked behind the wizard and raised his axe high. Before he 
could cleave the wizard in two from the top of her head to the ground 
below his kneecap burst. Roaring with rage and pain, Fjloarin fell to 
his good leg and faced his attacker. Loral Ciriclight stood ready to 
battle the giant. In his hand was a shining mithral mace of the 
Fier'Dal, the standard weapon for the priests of Tunare, which replaced 
the dark mace he once held. Loral called Tunare's retribution and an 
eruption of energy blasted Fjloarin hard. Fjloarin stood up ignoring the 
crunch his knee made and slashed at the cleric. Loral barely avoided 
getting severed in half as the huge axe glanced off of his transparent 
shield. Fjloarin slashed again and Loral ducked out of the way, but not 
before taking a cut across his shoulder and chest. A kick from Fjloarin 
sent Loral sprawling. Loral rolled to avoid another cut from the huge 
axe, but had no where left to go. Fjloarin raised the axe one final 
time, smiling when he imagined wiping Loral's remains from the blade 
when his chest exploded outward. For a second he stood there, the four 
foot hole in his armor spewing smoke into the air. His axe fell out of 
his hands to the ground and he toppled face first to the ground. Loral 
stood up, looking at the hole which had burned through the giant's back. 
Azile's expression hadn't changed since he had seen her walking towards 
the fort before. Loral called upon the power of Tunare and healed the 
wound on his chest and shoulder. Together they walked into Fjloarin's hut.

The council meeting was still raging when the doors opened up, splashing 
sunlight into the great hall. Loral stepped through with Azile behind 
him. The ambassador of the Kaladim dwarves, a scarred retired general 
now a diplomat, explained the minds of the dwarves. They were ready to 
wage war on behalf of their distant cousins, the Coldain, and hoped that 
the elves would help their cause. The Fier'Dal chancellor explained that 
their forces could not be spared until more of the situation was known. 
Loral knew that this indecision would change as the information he 
carried came to light. The room went silent when he walked to the main 
table and dropped the documents from the Kromrif outpost on the table. 
He turned and addressed all the members that sat in the large hall.

"There is no longer a question of our involvement in this war my 
friends. We no longer have a choice. The Kromrif are at this moment 
preparing a siege greater than any they have unleashed against the noble 
Coldain. They are preparing for war against Tunare herself in the Plane 
of Growth."


-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



