From -622907560703378561
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,910a21b636e46944
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-28 13:19:28 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!peer1-sjc1.usenetserver.com.MISMATCH!ps01-sjc1!news.webusenet.com!pd2nf1so.cg.shawcable.net!residential.shaw.ca!news3.calgary.shaw.ca.POSTED!not-for-mail
X-Trace-PostClient-IP: 24.66.170.198
From: ryouseika <nobody@nowhere.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Help with leveling
Message-ID: <MPG.17adf1a37d9b17fb989756@shawnews>
References: <uk8a0vdkvl5k04@corp.supernews.com>
X-Newsreader: MicroPlanet Gravity v2.50
Lines: 236
Date: Sun, 28 Jul 2002 20:19:28 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.64.223.206
X-Complaints-To: abuse@shaw.ca
X-Trace: news3.calgary.shaw.ca 1027887568 24.64.223.206 (Sun, 28 Jul 2002 14:19:28 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 28 Jul 2002 14:19:28 MDT
Organization: Shaw Residential Internet
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:217376

In article <uk8a0vdkvl5k04@corp.supernews.com>, realmoe@hotmail.com 
says...
> Im a level 10 ranger and new to everquest. This is my first week playing and
> im trying to level. I am looting in black burrow and cant venture far by
> myself. I am killing, selling, going back, and killing more to get better
> weapons and armour. I watch some hit gnolls for 30 and 40 damage, one guy
> for 110 points of damage. I am whacking away for 13 and a kick for 8.

*sigh* Welcome to EQ Untwinked.  Join the crowd.  :)  I have a rogue who 
was hitting for one third or so the damage that a twinked rogue 5 levels 
below me was getting.  And in case you don't know what 'twinked' is, 
it's a character, usually an 'alternate' that someone with a high-level 
character plays, that he drops very very VERY nice stuff on, because 
most people don't enjoy going through the first 20 or 30 levels more 
than once.

If you're getting frustrated with BB, you *can* try running across the 
continent.  I started typing out a guide, but it's incorrect in places, 
so instead, I'm going to paste it below and add corrections.  Keep in 
mind this is a tough journey.  It'd be easier if you wait until level 
15, and had your invis spell, but I know I was sick of the Qeynos area 
before I was level 9, both as an SK and a shaman, so the choice is 
yours.

A tip before you even start: go to http://www.eqatlas.com/ and print 
yourself out some maps.  Then go to http://www.eqmaps.com/locsheet.php3 
and look up the locs of where the zone point is in case you get lost 
somewhere.  EG the loc of the West Commons zone in Kithicor is 1350, -
1030.  If you don't know how to use loc, ask and learn it.  Learn it 
NOW.  I spent ages of time being lost and confused because I couldn't 
get the hang of it. :/

How to get from Qeynos to Freeport

by

Ceeb the travelin Monk
[with corrections by Ryou]

Introduction

    Travel from Qeynos is relatively safe once you know the pitfalls 
facing you and how to navigate some of the more confusing areas. The 
most dangerous areas on this trip are West Karanas [not true, West 
Karana is one of the simplest runs - now, Kithicor on the other hand...] 
and Runnyeye the goblin caverns. Most of the creatures are more than a 
handful for level 4 - 7 players and some creatures giving level 18 
characters a run for their money.

Qeynos Gate to Qeynos Hills

    Ok so you are ready to make your run(and I do mean run) from Qeynos 
to Freeport. First thing you should know is that this takes a really 
long time. If you are successful your first attempt plan to spend a 
couple of hours making the trek. Before you leave have at least 4 water 
and 3 rations. You can restock in Rivervale.....if you make it. Ok head 
south out of Qeynos. You won't go far and you'll hit the Qeynos Hills 
zone. There is little to no danger here unless you are level 3 or below.

Qeynos Hills to Western Karanas

    Once you zone into Qeynos Hills follow the path towards the Karanas. 
[follow the path, take a right turn when it splits] This part is also 
relatively safe. Follow the path until you hits the Western Karanas 
zone. Be careful of the rabid grizzly's that sometimes happen upon the 
path. They attack anything!

Western Karanas to Northern Karanas

    Ok, now the fun begins. The Karanas are a vast plain upon which some 
very nasty stuff hangs out. Be prepared to see Hill Giants, giant 
spiders, giant beetles, bandits, grizzly's, and scarecrows (be careful, 
from a distance they look like normal players with a torch, up 
close.....well....I've never seen one up close). Once you enter this 
zone you have two choices, path or river. Paths are extremely dangerous. 
Lots of nasty things spawn near them, hang out on them, or cross them. 
However the river is on the edge of the zone and as you will see 
exploiting the edge is the best way to go. Head south to the river and 
turn left keeping the river on your right. Follow the edge of the river. 
This is where you can put your character on autorun [autorun, in case 
you don't know, involves hitting the numlock key] and make a few minor 
course adjustments from time to time. Generally I have not found alot of 
baddies on the river's edge but always be on the lookout (don't go make 
a sandwich while you're autorunning the edge!). You will (i promise, 
although it will seem like forever) eventually reach the Northern 
Karanas zone. Zone through!.

Northern Karanas to the Canyon of ?? [wrong. Northern Karanas to Eastern 
Karanas]

    Well congratulations, you are a third of the way there. Now it gets 
tougher. The river edge still offers alot of security but you need to be 
more watchful. There are two bridges across the river in this zone. The 
first one you come to [known as 'the stone bridge'] leads to the South 
Karanas zone (if you consult your map you will see where it is, south 
and to the right of Qeynos). Don't take this bridge. Also be careful 
prior to reaching it [no, be careful *after* passing it - the raiders 
are a few hills past the stone bridge] as a band of raiders are 
permanently camped on the rivers edge before you get there. Travel on 
past the first bridge until you reach the second one which is wood. 
Cross the bridge into the Canyon of ?? zone.

Canyon of ?? to the Runnyeye
[Completely wrong.  I have no idea how he skipped a zone yet still 
described it properly below.  Eastern Karana to Gorge of King Xorbb, aka 
Beholder's Maze]

    Once across the bridge turn left and get next to the river again. 
Follow the river until you hit the edge of this zone. Sometimes there is 
a Cyclops standing in the water so go around him. You'll know you've hit 
the edge of the zone when you see a druid camp to your right at the base 
of some mountains. Climb up these mountains as high as you can and 
follow them east (as you climb up turn right, turning left will dump you 
into the river). Follow the mountains until you come to the entrance of 
the canyon. At this point you should be "forced" down onto the ground. 
Enter the canyon and stay to the right. [WAY to the right: climb as far 
as you can up the wall to your right. keep following it until you come 
to the entrance described at the end of this paragraph.] At your first 
opportunity to turn right do so. In this part of the canyon you will see 
goblins, muddite men, and whoa! minotaurs!. This is not confirmed but I 
believe the minotaurs will not attack unless provoked [they do attack, 
I've had one or two on me at lower levels, luckily a high-level bard 
friend was dragging me around at the time] but I would not try to find 
out. Instead climb up the canyon wall on the right side. You will be 
forced down in a few places but that's ok. Make sure nothing bad is 
below you and quickly run past that spot. Get back up on the side as 
quickly as you can though. This is a tough part and you will most likely 
have to time creature crossings below you to navigate successfully. If 
you run through here with no thought to planning you will die. When you 
reach the end of the canyon you will see an entrance in front of you. 
This is the entrance to Runnyeye, the goblin caves.

Runnyeye to Misty Thicket

    Ok, now is where I make everyone who says Runnyeye is a terrible 
place to cross through mad. It isn't. It isn't even close to terrible. 
It's a 3 on the danger scale. The problem is if you make a wrong turn 
you can become lost and even build up a goblin train behind you. Here is 
the secret. When you go into the caves make all left turns. It takes 
less than 30 seconds to run through here. Which means even if you pick 
up a goblin upon entrance unless your HP is really pathetic you'll make 
it ( I know a level 2 wizard who made it and they have very low HP). 
When you hit the next zone you'll come out in Misty Thicket.

Misty Thicket to Rivervale

    Can you say cakewalk. Misty Thicket is very open but can be very 
dark at night. However with careful planning you'll be able to avoid 
most everything. [There are two goblin warriors guarding the exit of the 
cave into Misty Thicket.  You MAY be able to take them, you may not.  
However if you hit 'auto-run' and run straight out of the cave, you'll 
soon see a large stone wall.  Turn left and follow it until you come to 
a door in the wall with a couple guards.  They'll take care of your 
train.  You keep going.  There's a pathway once you go through the door, 
follow it and take the left turn when it splits - much easier than just 
heading vaguely east, especially as you probably don't have your sense 
heading trained too high] Head east. You should see the entrance to 
Rivervale after a little while of running. If you get lost don't worry. 
You have returned to the land of players and someone will be happy to 
point you in the right direction. Oh by the way, congratulations, you 
are halfway there! [At this point, it'd be a good idea to have someone 
show you the soulbinder in Rivervale, and bind yourself there.]

Rivervale to Kithicor Woods

    While your in Rivervale pick up some provisions if you need them. I 
don't take anything with me when I go but I'll usually slay a couple of 
fire beetles along the way so I can pick up some water. Find the exit to 
Kithicor Woods [when you exit the tunnel from Misty Thicket, turn right 
and follow the wall] and zone into Kithicor. [Do NOT zone into Kithicor 
at night.  Even the 'follow the wall' strategy isn't 100% safe here.  
Being bound at Rivervale takes the sting out of death, but why waste the 
time?  I've heard many rumors about safe times, but never had a problem 
following the general rule of avoiding Kithicor between the times of 5pm 
and 9am.  If you happen to hit Rivervale at night, just grab a book, sit 
at the zone line to Kith, and wait till daytime.]

Kithicor Woods to West Commonlands

    When you come out of the cave turn right [uh... this is the most 
complicated and long way to get to West Commons I've ever heard.  
Instead of going right, turn left, climb up the wall as high as you can, 
and follow it.  It'll lead you to a path through the cliffs that will 
take you straight into West Commons.] and follow the zone edge like 
before. Be careful here, especially at night. I have found ghouls up 
high on the zone edge before. Follow this around, you'll be "forced" to 
the ground. There will be a rocky canyon entrance to your right. This is 
the entrance to High Hold Pass. Now if you are level 15 and above by all 
means go in have some fun. If you aren't, go in and commit suicide. The 
only people I have heard of who have navigated this successfully had 
invisibility or some kind of speed spell. Keep going straight to the 
other edge of the Kithicor zone. Be watchful of HG's as they sometimes 
end their patrol here. Climb up the zone edge and turn left. Your sense 
heading should indicate east. Follow this edge all the way to West 
Commonlands.

West Commonlands to East Commonlands

    Continue to use the zone edge formula. [Following the left edge, 
you'll run into an orc camp and a derv camp.  You can take a wide route 
along the orc camp, and the dervs should be non-KOS to you as you 
haven't killed any yet.  But the safer wall is on the other side.  Turn 
right when you come out of the passage from Kith and follow it until you 
see a little camp.  Give the camp a WIDE berth and climb up the desert 
wall behind it.  Turn left and follow the wall until you zone into EC.] 
Watch for griffins, skeletons, ghouls, and pumas along the edge. Zone 
into East Commonlands.

East Commonlands to the Freeport West Gate

    You are basically home free at this point. You will see and inn to 
your left. Feel free to come off the edge and down to the inn. You can 
then follow the path to the West Freeport zone. Once you zone keep 
running and you'll hit the west gate. Congrats! you made it. Hopefully 
you didn't die and only had to do this once. Now last but not 
least.....BIND TO FREEPORT!! Unless of course you are sick in the head 
and want to do this again! lol [Now that there are soul binders, here is 
a better idea - when you zone into East Commons, continue following the 
wall (make sure you're as high as you can get when you pass those little 
undead ruins, and nothing there should aggro you) until you see a large 
cave.  Follow the cave.  You'll see a big area with a fire and some 
vendors, turn left and you'll see that the cave continues.  Keep running 
until you zone into North Ro.  When you've zoned in, follow the cave, 
and when you exit, turn left and follow that wall until you zone into 
East Freeport.  Follow the left wall again until you find the entrance.  
Go through the little courtyard and go around the corner of the first 
building.  On the porch there is a soulbinder.  Get him to bind you, and 
your journey is complete.]

Be careful,

Ceeb

******************

Ryou


