From 1903983590044919221
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,951e739ee42f9bce,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-01-01 16:18:19 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!crtntx1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!intern1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 01 Jan 2004 18:18:16 -0600
Date: Thu, 01 Jan 2004 19:18:13 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Phun with Phinny
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <_p-dnZU2w61VJWmiRVn-hw@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 114
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.19
X-Trace: sv3-NQVmowmFWGdXWIgQ3aK0sycsrlUFDBgh8bkW6HoJr0gjP3oBccq3Qw0NIpH64BsMoIIyeHDpt8Xkpjv!tvmCCf1D0E0ezn1U5ZjORJOPmQ+nN/+1inqyyVaJ/XnF+DyprprhznW6vJgU7kd+DOXpfym4exc=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13949

Got a tell from a wizard out of the blue, asking if I wanted to come 
kill Phinny.  Sure, why not, I'm up for anything I haven't done till I'm 
bored with it.

Not to mention I've been LFG for most of an hour.

So off I go, Magus to BB, run to DC, summoning lev ring on the way, fly 
to near the kedge entrance and dive... it takes me Longer to find the 
entrance using the LOY map than it used to using my "head south and 
dive" plan back in the days when my cleric used to do Phinny nearly 
every pop for guild epics

Inside, I'm all alone.  Well, what the heck, I hit my 10 minute no drop 
invis and go exploring.  Its a maze, and the LOY map is of no practical 
help, I don't know where I'm headed or what it should look like on the 
map really, and I don't know what to look out for, and the map isn't 3 D 
really, I can toggle the height filter on and off but can't really 
figure out much from it.

Eventually the wizard zones in, another wizard in tow, and comes to get 
me, I've found Princess Aurelia, which is apparantly close indeed to 
Estorelia (misspelled I know) who -does- see invis.  So I get led the 
rest of the way down, where I COTH a druid and a beastlord in.

We start to buff up, when suddenly the original wizard drops dead, we 
have two seahorses in camp... my pet's on one, no LOS to nuke with, 
looking for a good spot to shoot from when the druid evacs us.

Here would be a good point to mention that I'm not a fan of this idea; 
evac doesn't have a fantastic range, and it does fail, and I don't think 
any of us were really ready to solo two seahorses... but this time it 
did work out all right, the four who weren't dead were all at the zone line.

I -got- POTG and IOS, then invised up again and had the other wizard 
lead me down.  COTH'd the beastlord and druid again and we got set up 
while waiting for the wizard to get back (I'd tried to talk him into 
swimming down holding his breath and having the druid EB him on arrival, 
but he insisted on looking for an EB instead)

Once the wizard finally arrived and got COTH, he looted up, turned 
around and went back out to invite a second druid to fill out the group. 
    Then he tried to lead druid back in, druid got lost so I COTH'd the 
druid.  Wizard got back, we buffed up the rest of the way, and started 
pulling.

Sort of.  It was clear we had no "pulling class" person here, nor 
anything close to it.  Consensus was 65 beastlord would be the way to 
go... but he wasn't too clear on what to do.

Somewhere in here a 65 wizard shows up, I'm told he's the other wizard's 
guildleader.

At any rate, eventually he pulled a seahorse, we killed it, repeat 
repeat, repeat, then he was sent to pull Phinny.  Did so... and of 
course got nuked so his pet went in, and he couldn't get it back out 
smoothly what with Phinny summoning him... and his pet was low enough 
level that the cleric seahorses added.  Phinny finally cooperates once 
the pet dies.

Now for the fun.  Wizard A summoned and dead.  Druid A summoned and 
dead.  Wizard B summoned and dead.  Druid B summoned and dead. 
Fortunately, while this is happening, seahorses also die, and beastlord 
slows land; I go thru 3 pets and all my mana nuking while the beastlord 
spends his time tanking and healing himself like he was a shaman or 
something.  Mystery wizard is nuking too.  For added fun, my EB drops 
mid fight and I have to scramble to click another stone (lazy mage, 
everyone should have an EB item by their 50s!)  Drop Phinny, pet solos 
the last seahorse (I'm sure no help, OOM as I am) and we're done.

Can't loot Phinny..which means, little surprise, that the wizard 
outdamaged my nukes, the beastlord, plus one of my three pets.

Later I do manage to loot Phinny, he has only the enchanter wand, 
fusible ore, and some words; no epic item and... no cash.

Now the CR.

They consented the Guildleader wizard, who was going to pull bodies to 
the zone line.  But he only dragged back to the safe spot where I was.

He also ported the beastlord out, BL disbanded.

Then a long wait, after which wizard B arrived in zone needing an 
immediate COTH: he didn't have an EB but was able to loot one off his 
body.  Good thing, because shortly after three swordfish showed up and 
chased him around till he was almost dead, I managed to get two off and 
onto my pet but the third wouldn't cooperate, finally the GL wizard 
nuked it to death.

Original wizard makes it in on his own, then one of the druids shows up 
and gets COTH... and ends up dry looting by mistake, so she disbands and 
gates out. Then I'm told the wizard GL is logging in a cleric to come do 
rezzes.  Another EB stone goes by.  Finally the cleric shows up... not 
getting a COTH.  Rezes up everyone, leaves, and the rest of us leave.

All in all, about 3 hours for a 15 minute fight, I'm down 8 pearls but 
did end up with the trash loot off Phinny (its droppable here on FV, 
maybe I can make my 40pp back)

It was a fun lark, of course its easy to feel that way as one of the 
survivors.  I didn't end up putting any of these people on my friends 
list, though, which is really a "if these people are on check to see if 
they're interested in a group" list; they have to be both fun and competant.

What really nags at me, though, is Phinny's body.  No cash on it at all. 
  And no epic item.  How likely is that?  I thought he always dropped 
something... but maybe thats not true.  But no cash either.  Makes me 
think the GL looted first.

A GL Ninjalooted us?  Fun stuff if so.

Splendid One, 58 Gnomage, Fishslayer, Firiona Vie




