From 2651760675574803627
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8929e79f03ea6c8f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-06 11:48:00 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!netnews.com!xfer02.netnews.com!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!news1.atlantic.net!not-for-mail
From: "Tukka Yoot" <tukka@atlantic.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3lYZ7.1113$6q2.388416@news2-win.server.ntlworld.com>
Subject: Re: EQ features wish list
Lines: 143
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <4M1_7.41$Lp1.14351@news1.atlantic.net>
Date: Sun, 6 Jan 2002 14:46:23 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.208.10.61
X-Complaints-To: news@atlantic.net
X-Trace: news1.atlantic.net 1010346112 209.208.10.61 (Sun, 06 Jan 2002 14:41:52 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 06 Jan 2002 14:41:52 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:153850

> I would LOVE to see in EQ a restriction on the auction command. To
help
> build more of a community, I would love to see it being restricted
to zones
> with a market place. Like freeport. So if someone wanted to do a
/auction
> they have to be in the freeport market to do it. This would make a
real
> collective point for people to go 'shopping so to speak.
> One of the most popular places for people to yell auction is the EC
Tunnel.
> So again that could be made a market area, where the 3 traders are
already.

  This is how it is on Firiona Vie.  Net result is that most people
just trade between their friends, or use out of game messages boards
to do their selling.  Once the bazaar goes live, however, I expect
more people will be using it.

> Another thing would be to make the language roll playing across all
servers,
> why? Again to add that extra bit work to make the game a little bit
more
> roll play without making in die hard.

  It's "role playing", and if you really want that experience, just
play on FV.  Communication is necessary to roleplay and personally the
language barrier is one of the things I hate most about Firiona Vie.
I can't do animated custom emotes because of the language barrier.  I
can't roleplay with a good portion of the population because of the
language barrier (though using power-teaching methods I've managed to
alleviate much of that barrier.)

> TLC - I dislike the way it was done because I play Solo a lot. Not
because I
> wish too but because I live in the UK. And when I am on its hard to
find a
> group.
> But I do wish they would put some limit on looting like if your over
a level
> the items you loot that would be of no use but to sell would become
no drop
> for them. IE if you needed the loot for yourself great, that might
stop
> farming.

  I agree that this would be the idea way to do it, but I don't know
if Verant's coding wizards are up to the task.  Not only that, but it
would probably mean having to go back and re-flag and re-tool a whole
bunch of quests and quest items.


> Oh and id love to see a spam killer, like yahoo messenger has, puts
a limit
> on the number of msgs you can send in a specified time.
> So no more newbies shouting 'SoW need for corpse run' 30 times per
min. This
> would only need to be set for /shout /auction etc. Normal type need
not be
> affected.

  Never really thought this was a problem.  Only in heavily populated
zones does it become and issue, and then usually only with specific
people.  Still, you have easy means by which to filter out a specific
channel, or ignore a specific individual if you wish.

> Notice boards, there are notice bored in EQ ya know! Yea true, but
most
> people don't know it. Why not put the notice boards at the entrance
to the
> cities, you could have official notices, and the player notices. All
the
> notice boards could be linked by magic so posting one notice on any
board
> would appear on them all. To stop people spaming on them or just
being
> silly, put a charge on posting like 2gp. Low enough for a newbie to
post but
> high enough to stop a newbie spaming.

  I agree, I wish there were more of these.  Currently they are only
in the human cities, and some of them are fairly well hidden.  I don't
know if I'd link them all together, it might be interesting to see
what the local boards each end up looking like.

> Corpse Zone - I don't know if this is already possible. But can you
tell
> easily what zone your corpse is in? Not where it is in the Zone but
what
> zone ie - EC Zone. Why? Well for example I like to explore a lot, I
tend to
> wander round zones just so I know what is where etc etc. I also use
invis
> and go deep into zones I really shouldn't. And get killed a lot for
doing
> that. Thats all fair, tiss my own fault.
> But one day I did one of these expeditions, and had to log before I
could go
> and get my corpse. Now when I did relog a few days later, I could
not for
> the life remember what zone I died in!

  I don't think it's that unreasonable to expect players to remember
where it is you died.  Afterall, that's usually the sort of thing that
sticks with a person.  Though it probably wouldn't be too much trouble
to put in a "You have corpses in:" bit in the /charinfo command.
Afterall, it seems a bit silly that a command called /charinfo only
tells you where you're bound.  It sounds like a command that'd tell
you a lot more than that. :)

> Another gripe is the rare quest items, ok it fair to make a quest
hard. For
> example the Hafling Skin quest where you have to get bear skin,
shark skin,
> polar bear skin and a gator skin. OK not hard huh, within 1hr I had
all
> skins bar the Gator skin. 3 months! Later and 1000 or so bull gator
deaths
> no gator skin. Its so silly, why not just make all the quest items
harder to
> get but not just one so rare it just never spawns unless your
luckier than a
> lottery winner.

  I think this is the trend on most new quests.  But I think the
reason is that Verant wants "control" over how many of "Item X" are
released in to the game.  The easiest way to do this is for them to
create well-defined bottlenecks.  This is especially the case with
quest items that aren't NO DROP.  If Item A, B and C each take 3 hours
to get, then that's supposedly 9 hours total it takes to complete the
quest.  However, with a little help, these items can be obtained
concurrently and the quest can be completed in as little as three
hours.  But if Items A and B drop every 20 minutes and Item C drops
every 9 hours or so, then, on average, you can be assured the quest
will always take at least 3 hours.  The other items are just to give
the quest "flavor", but Item C is where the real "challenge" of the
quest lies.

  I'm not saying I like it, and like I said, I think Verant is trying
to get away from that sort of quest because they are beginning to
realize we don't like it, but that's why I think it is the way it is.




