From 4253931521868732768
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b2c686bda5240b2f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-28 04:25:17 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news-xfer.newsread.com!bad-news.newsread.com!netaxs.com!newsread.com!grr!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3D6CB0BA.7BBD8388@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Group dynamics question
References: <UgOa9.321099$s8.5620667@twister.tampabay.rr.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 82
Date: Wed, 28 Aug 2002 11:18:25 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.30
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1030533505 66.109.234.30 (Wed, 28 Aug 2002 07:18:25 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 28 Aug 2002 07:18:25 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:226529



Alana V wrote:

> Hi all, I'm currently playing my first EQ character, a level 16 Rogue, and
> have kicked and scratched my way to this point all alone. I've avoided
> groups because, quite frankly, I don't know exactly what is expected of me
> in a group situation. (Dumb, I know, but at least honest.)
>
>   Anyway, I finally joined a small group the other night (lvl 18 warrior and
> 14 cleric), and off we went to kill things. We ended up at one of the Orc
> camps in the Commons, and it all went downhill from there. My understanding,
> limited as it is, was that the cleric couldn't take much damage and so
> needed to be protected while he kept the warrior and I healthy.
>   We ended up getting slaughtered, at least the cleric and I did, because
> the warrior was looting everything as soon as he killed it, and I couldn't
> keep everything off of the cleric. I ended up just backstabbing everything
> that jumped on the cleric, then fighting it as it turned on me, but that
> didn't last long.
>   The cleric died, I died shortly afterwards, and the warrior (grrrrr)
> immediately asked us both to group again. I declined, and haven't tried the
> grouping thing again since then.
>
>   My question is: What is a low-level rogue's place in a small group? What
> am I supposed to be doing to help everyone out? Sorry to sound like such  a
> git, but I'm still pretty new and clueless.
>
>   TIA for any help or advice.

While its possible for  a rogue to solo, (I'm told hard headed ones can
do so all the way up to 60) its entirely backwards for you to do so,
more so even than for a cleric to solo.

As a rule, you have fewer HP and lower AC than any other melee
class.  Getting hit means taking lots of damage (due to your AC) and
not being able to stand up to it for long (due to your low HP)  This
is unimportant compared to the other thing;

Backstab is your claim to fame.  WIth backstab you can do astonishing
damage on a regular basis, with no need to meditate back mana like
a nuker would.  Trouble is, you need a back to stab.  Mobs you are
fighting are very polite, they turn around to face you.  This means you
get at best one backstab per mob until its beat down so far its running
away.  This doesn't add up to a lot of damage, its repeated application
that adds up.  Further, it doesn't give you much chance at skilling up,
since you are doing it so infrequently.

Get a group, and use one of several tactics:

Main Tank: someone else, with Good AC and Lot of hp, stands
in front of the mob and keeps its attention while you flail away at
its back and slide a backstab in whenever it comes up.  Evade
as needed.

Hate Kite: this works great with a druid partner, although you can
work it lots of ways.  Partner angers mob, who chases him while
you follow chopping and stabbing away.  When mob switches
to you, your partner blasts it till it changes its mind again.  Mob should
be snared for this.

Fear Kite:  Snare mob.  Fear it.  Walk after it as it saunters away,
oblivious to your stabbing.  You -can- do this solo, with a snare
proccing weapon and instill doubt... but instill doubt works so
rarely that its not what I'd call a plan... Now I do imagine a group
of 6 rogues might be able to get ID off reliably enough between
them to have some fun

Secondary Tank.  You tank the mob despite your being somewhat
wimpy.  Backstab gets ready, you evade, mob turns on your partner,
you stab and get aggro back.  Your partner is "secondary tank" and
can be any class, since he won't have to take a pounding very long;
I used to do this as a cleric with rogue partners.

At any rate, the point of all these tactics (you can probably come up
with others, or variations on these) is to get a back exposed each
and every time your Backstab button pops back up.  A discussion
of weapons should probably ensue... if you aren't rich I might suggest
looking into a Grimling Pick they seem to be common and cheap,
and should do appreciable BS damage.

Bergh



