From 780358105910797507
X-Google-Thread: fb739,65d94f48b9ba8b24
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <teapray@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: A heartfelt apology...
Date: Sun, 17 Oct 2004 13:01:16 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <4172B36C.7A3555F7@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <JUrcd.4248$1f.2104@tornado.tampabay.rr.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 103
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:19628

Dick Correa wrote:

> I did not know what 'top posting'  was.  I do know now, which is why I
> sent the "Testing" message to see if I would raise someones ire to make sure
> my assumption was correct.  I did. I'm truly sorry and it won't happen again
> and thank you for bringing it to my attention.

   Lance is right, you are a quick learner.  Many people who top post
become very defensive when they are asked to stop.  Some become contrary,
saying things like "I like it better, so the rest of you deal with it". 
These people often end up on ignore lists.

> I have also noticed that, through my own fault, I have eroded my own
> credibility.  I reply to posts like a whiny child who has had his lollipop
> ripped from his hand.  No one wants to listen to the rantings of someone who
> only attacks and never has a valid or an alternative point.  I plan to
> remedy that.

   Excellent.  Your earlier posts had the tone of, well, a ranter.  Someone
that hates EQII with a passion so great they make it there mission in life
to stop anyone else from trying it.  Ranters tend to be very closed minded
on the subject at hand, saying the same things over and over again.  Also,
they tend to be way more passionate about the subject at hand, a video
game, than others would feel it warrants.   They tend to end up on ignore
lists as well.  

> I hope this apology is accepted in the spirit in which it is given.  Thank
> you for tolerating my ignorance and shortsightedness.

    I accept it in the spirit given.  However, you still have a credibility
issue.  I have no doubt that you are on a few ignore lists right now.  And
people will read your new posts through the filter of the tone the remember
from your other posts, at least for a little while.  All of this can be
overcome with time, if it turns out that you really are interested in a
dialog rather than one sided "I'm right and everyone else who likes the
game is wrong wrong wrong!" stuff we have been hearing so far.  This group
does love to have discussions.  However, it is hard to have an engaging
conversation with the petulant and close minded.  

  Alot of what will be discussed about EQII will be things that are matters
of  opinion.  You might hate the crafting system.  Bob might like it.  I
will read both opinions, and then decide for myself when I actually try
it.  I would bet that not to many people are going to say to themselves,
"Well, Bob likes the crafting, and Dick hates it, so I better not try the
game!"  And just because some has a different opinion of you about
something doesn't mean that they are calling you a liar.  I love chocolate
ice cream, but I don't yell at the lady next to me for buying the clearly
inferior strawberry stuff.


> As for the game, I plan on three or four posts to explain why 'lag' to the
> degree it is in EQ II is a sign of poor planning.  What 'beta' really means
> from a programmer (me) with 20 plus years expreience and why what Sony is
> doing is so very dangerous and will ruin a project.  I will explain a melee
> class, and how Sony has said one thing but it just doesn't seem to be
> working out that way. Perhaps some explanation of 'artisan' and what Sony is
> presenting to the public, and what is real are two different things.

   Sounds interesting.  But I would like to point out that you don't have
the definitive say on things like "what a melee class is" or "what is an
artisan".  Just remember that these things are in your opinion, and others
might, and probably will, have opinions that differ from yours.  Your being
a veteran programmer might put an interesting spin on these discussions,
and I look forward to seeing that.  But in this newsgroup, being a
programer doesn't make your opinions more valid than someone else who just
plays the games, rather than making software.

> Lastly, I don't want anyone to misunderstand me in reference to EQ II.  At
> my house, we have looked forward to this for over a year.  Things that were
> presented to us from Sony made us all excited.  Even when we first started
> playing I was thrilled and had great fun.  It was so wonderful.  I even
> bought the domain 'baubbleshire.com'  because I was going to put up this
> wonderful web site with a real halfling feel.  You can check, I have it a
> godaddy.com.  However, as the days wore on, and then the move to Anotonica,
> well, lets just say it made us all very sad at what we were seeing in game,
> as well as how the develeopers, as well as Sony handled their 'beta'
> testers.

   I kinda gathered the gist of that.  Yes, the pre-marketing hype did seem
to be bit undeliverable.  I can see why you might be disappointed.  And I
have no great love for SOE either.  I have no trouble believe they might
have mishandled beta and other aspects of the game.  Still, I find it hard
to believe that EQII has no redeeming features either.  I could be wrong on
this of course, but it just doesn't seem likely to me.

   So, good luck with your new perspective.  If you plan on just lecturing
us on how much the game sucks, then be prepared to get tuned out.  If you
want to have an actual discussion, one where you can concede some points as
others who like the game concede others, then I'm looking forward to your
continued participation.

-- 
Annie

AGE FAQ:
http://webpages.charter.net/lenny13/age.faq.htm
http://tinyurl.com/yvud6

Mirrored at:
http://www.derfy.net/agefaq.html
_______

If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


