From 8436865548303146600
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8831d54d31ebf25f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-19 12:06:58 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!easynews!news.easynews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Quindell <lewiszephyr@cotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Shadows of Luclin expansion New Skills for over 50 players
Message-ID: <h4qivt08keds78iiaph6fhkmdicstomgj1@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.553
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 349
X-Complaints-To: abuse@easynews.com
Organization: EasyNews, UseNet made Easy! - Test our service with our FREE trial at https://www.easynews.com/trial/trial.phtml
X-Complaints-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
Date: Mon, 19 Nov 2001 20:06:54 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:137015

I hope this hasnt been posted yet... I did not see it... well Here
goes.



The following information was provided on the Safehouse Forum by
Vaslin.  It contains some of the information known about the new
skills which will be released with the Shadows of Luclin expansion.

Note: None of the information listed below is guaranteed.  Items
listed may change or be removed before the expansion is announced.
Some abilities may not be released until after the Luclin expansion
goes live.

The list does however provide some exciting ideas for what might be
available to players who purchase the Luclin expansion.  For
information on how these skills will be acquired click here.

Unknown/Miscellaneous

Acrobatics - This ability will reduce the damage taken from falling. 
Physical Enhancement - This ability will give the player additional
improvement in their Natural Durability, Avoidance Boost, and
Mitigation Boost abilities. 
Body and Mind Rejuvenation - This ability will give the player 1
additional point of mana and hit point regeneration. 
Strong Root - This ability will give the player a lure save root. 
Mass Group Buff - This ability will turn your next group buff into an
beneficial area effect spell. Hitting everyone within its radius. 
Spell Casting Fury 2 - This ability gives the player an increased
percent chance to critical with direct damage spells. 
Extended Buff - This ability increases the duration of beneficial
buffs by an additional 20 percent. 

Warrior

Bandage Wound - This ability will give the player increased healing
capabilities through bandage by 10, 25, and 50 percent. 
Warcry - This ability will allow the player to give their entire group
immunity to fear for a period of time based on skill level. 
Area Taunt - This ability will allow for the player to taunt
everything in a small radius. 
Rampage - This ability will allow for the player to attack everything
in a small radius. 
Flurry - This ability will allow for the player to have up to 2
additional attacks off of their primary hand. 

Rogue

Purge Poison - This ability will remove all poison affects from the
player. 
Purifying Tonic - Moderate Poison and Disease Cure 
Quick Throw - This ability will allow the player to have additional
throwing attacks on one throw. 
Throwing Mastery - This ability will give an increased chance to
critical by 5, 15, and 30 percent. 
Double Riposte - This ability will give the player an increase chance
to execute a double riposte 10, 20, and 30 percent of the time. 
Poison Mastery - This ability reduces the chance of failing on an
poison combinations by 10, 25, and 50 percent. Once one point is
applied to this ability, the player will no longer fail in poison
application. 
Shadow - This ability will remove the player from all hate lists. If
the player is out of immediate combat, this ability will also make
them invisible similar to their hide ability. 
Adv. Trap Negotiation - This ability will reduce the reuse times on
sense and disarm traps. 

Monk

Return Kick - This ability gives the player the chance to do a flying
kick attack on ripostes in addition to the normal riposte attack. 
Rapid Feign - This ability reduces the players reuses time on feign
death by 10, 25, and 50 percent. 
Chain Combo - This ability gives the player a chance to string a
number of special attacks together. 
Purify Body - This ability removes all negative affects from their
body except for fear, charm, resurrection affects. 
Critical Mend - This ability gives the player a chance to do a super
mend 5, 10, and 25 percent of the time. 
Dragon Punch - This ability will give the player the ability to proc a
knock back spell off of Dragon Punch. 

Bard

Sonic Call - This gives the players song the ability to do direct
damage with a stun component. 
Snake Charm - This ability gives the player the chance to charm an NPC
as long as they have mana. The spell will follow normal level 49 charm
rules. 
Jam Fest - Allows the player to sing their songs at a higher casting
level. Note: This does not allow them tossing songs that are higher
then their level. 
Instrument Mastery - This ability allows for specialization and
improved use of all instrument types. 
Brass Instrument Mastery 
Wind Instrument Mastery 
Percussion Instrument Mastery 
Scribble Notes - This ability will reduce the amount of time it takes
to memorize a song. 
Singing Mastery - This ability allows for specialization and improved
use of the specific instrument type. 
Extended Notes - This ability will give the song increased ranged of
10, 15, and 25 percent. 

Shadowknight

Enhanced Vampirism - This ability gives the player increased damage
off of their self buff lifetap procs. 
Death Peace - This ability moves the spell Death Peace to a hotkey
freeing a spell slot. 
Leech Touch - This ability gives the player a life tap harm touch. 
Super Harm Touch - This ability gives the player a low resist Harm
Touch. 
Unholy Steed - This ability will give the player the ultimate unholy
steed. 

Ranger

Endless Quiver - This ability allows the player to shoot magical
arrows that scale in damage based on skill level. 
Fletching/Bowyer Mastery - This ability reduces the chance of failing
on an fletching combinations by 10, 25, and 50 percent. 
Archery Mastery - This ability gives the player to increase their
archery damage from 100 to 200 percent. 
Dual Mastery - This ability increases the players chance to use dual
wield successfully. 
Innate Camouflage - This ability allows the player to become invisible
without the need to memorize a spell. 

Paladin

2 Hand Bash - This ability will allow the player to bash with any
2-handed weapon. 
Fearless - This ability makes the player permanently immune to fear
spells. 
Holy Steed - This ability will give the player the ultimate holy
steed. 
Act of Valor - This ability will allow the player to transfer all of
their hitpoints to a target PC. 
Slay Undead - This ability will turn the players crits into massive
damage when fighting undead monsters. 
Improved Lay of Hands - This ability will turn the players Lay of
Hands into a complete heal. 
Pally Stun - This ability will allow the player to have the chance to
stun NPC's with spells up to level 60. Normal resist rules apply. 

Necromancer

Call to Corpse - Allows the player to cast a no component summon
corpse spell. 
Transmute Flesh to Bone - Allows the player to turn any non-magical
meat or body part item into bone chips. You must hold the item on your
cursor. 
Mass Fear - Allows the player to cast an AE low resist fear spell. 
Dead Mesmerization - This ability allows the player to cast an AE low
resist undead mesmerization spell. 
Life Burn - This ability allows the player to cast a low resist direct
damage spell equal to that of their current hitpoints. The player will
be set to 1 hit point and their will be a mana cost to the spell. The
life tap component of the spell will happen over time. 

Magician

Free Pet - This ability removes the component cost of summoning pets. 
Unsummon NPC - This ability will allow the player to unsummon or
banish all summoned NPC's in a radius. 
Improved Reclaim Energy - This ability will increase the amount of
mana returned to the player when reclaiming their pet. 
Elemental Form - This ability will allow the player to turn into this
elemental type gaining many of the benefits innate to the NPC. 
Air Elemental Form 
Earth Elemental Form 
Water Elemental Form 
Fire Elemental Form 
Frenzied Burnout - This ability allows the player to cast a buff on
his pet that will cause it to go bezerk doing increased damage. When
the effect wears off the pet will explode damaging everything around
it. 
Increase Attack (ATK) by 200 (L1) 
Increase Armor Class (AC) by 90 (L1) 
Increase Strength by 100 (L1) 
Increase Attack Speed by 99% (L1) 
Quick Summoning - This ability reduces the casting time of summoning
spells by 10, 25, and 50 percent. 
Pet Lay of Hands - This ability allows the player to cast a Lay of
Hands type spell on their pet. 
Restore Companion - Increase Hit Points (HP) from 34 (L1) to 1981
(L60) 

Enchanter

Gather Mana - This ability allows the player to recover all their
mana. 
Jewel Craft Mastery - This ability reduces the chance of failing on an
jewel craft combinations by 10, 25, and 50 percent. 
Permanent Illusion - This ability allows for the caster to zone
without losing their illusion. 

Wizard

Nexus Gate - This ability gives the player an instant cast evacuate
spell to the Nexus. 
Improved Familiar - This ability gives the players familiar increases
hit points and defensive capabilities. 
Mana Burn - This ability allows the player to do low resist damage
equal to that of his current mana. 

Shaman

Rabid Bear - This ability turns the player into a Rabid Bear, boosting
all his offense capabilities. 
Illusion: Bear 
Increase Attack (ATK) by 200 (L1) 
Increase Attack Speed by 99% (L1) 
Increase Strength by 100 (L1) 
Increase Dexterity by 100 (L1) 
Increase Cold Resist by 50 (L1) 
Alchemy Mastery - This ability reduces the chance of failing on an
alchemy combinations by 10, 25, and 50 percent. 
Quick Buff - This ability reduces the casting time of beneficial
spells with a duration by 10, 25 and 50 percent. Some spells may be
excluded. 
Cannabalize IV - This ability will give the caster a new canabalize
spell. 

Druid

Dire Charm - This ability gives the caster the chance to permanently
charm an NPC. The spell will follow normal level 49 charm rules. 
Enhanced Root - This ability reduces the chance that the NPC will
break root against direct damage spells cast by the player with this
ability. 
Quick Direct Damage - This ability reduces the casting time on direct
damage spells by 2, 5 and 10 percent. 
Exodus - This ability gives the caster the ability to cast an instant
casting no mana cost evacuation or succour spell. 
Quick Evacuation - This ability reduces the casting time on evacuation
and succour spells by 10, 25, and 50 percent. 

Cleric

Purify Soul - This ability allows the player to cast a spell that
cures all ailments except for charm, fear and resurrection affects. 
Turn Undead - This ability gives a player a AE spell against undead
that starts out just doing damage and finishes with banishment. 
Bestow Divine Aura - This ability gives the player the ability to cast
a Divine Aura spell on a PC target. 
Celestial Regeneration - This ability gives the player the ability to
cast large heal over time spell at no mana cost. 
Innate Invis to Undead - This ability allows the player to become
invisible versus undead without the need to memorize a spell. 
Divine Resurrection - This ability allows the player to provide a
resurrection that provides 100 percent experience return. 

Melee/Hybrid Abilities

Avoidance Boost - This ability increases the players avoidance ability
to melee damage by 2, 5 and 10 percent. 
Mitigation Boost - This ability increases the players mitigation
ability to melee damage by 2, 5, and 10 percent. 
Finishing Blow - This ability gives the person a chance to finish a
fleeing mob off. The NPC must be below 10 percent health and fleeing.
Note: non-warriors must first place 1 skill point into Critical Boost
before this skill will work. 
Fear Resistance - This ability gives a bonus resistance to fear type
spells of 5, 10, and 25 percent. It also increases the chance of
breaking fear. 
Critical Boost - This ability increases the chance to land a critical
hit. Percentages are dependant on class. 
Improved Natural Durability - This ability increases the max hitpoints
of the player by 2, 5, and 10 percent. 

Pure Caster/Healer Abilities

Spell Casting Deftness - This ability reduces the casting time of
beneficial spells with a cast time greater then 4 seconds. Percentages
are approx. 5, 15, and 25 percent. 
Spell Casting Expertise - This ability removes the possibility for the
caster to fizzle a spell. First level removes chance of fizzle on
spell below 20, second level below 35, and third level below 52. 
Spell Casting Subtlety - This ability reduces the amount of hate
generated by a spell by 5, 10, and 20 percent. 
Channelling Focus - This ability increases max channelling to reduct
the chance of being interrupted. Percentages are approx. 5, 10, and 15
percent reduction in being interrupted. 
Spell Casting Fury - This ability gives the caster a chance to land a
critical hit with their direct damage spell. Percentages are 2, 4, and
7 percent increase chance to critical. 
Mental Clarity - This ability increases natural mana regeneration by 1
point per skill level. 
Spell Casting Reinforcement - This ability increases the duration of
beneficial spells by 5, 15, and 30 percent. 
Spell Casting Mastery - This ability gives an increased chance of
making your specialization skill of that spell casting ability. This
works for all spell casting types. The result is a less chance to
fizzle and greater chance of reduction of mana cost for the spell.
Percentages are 5, 15, and 30 percent chance of reduction. 

Healer Class Skills

Healing Gift - This ability gives the priest a chance to cast a
critical heal by 3, 6, and 9 percent. This will double the healing
value of the spell 
Healing Adept - This ability increases the max value of healing spells
by 2, 5, and 10 percent. 

General Skills

First Aid - This ability increases that max that you can bind wound by
10 percent for each skill level. 
Improved Natural Lung Capacity - This ability increases the amount of
air you have by 10, 25, and 50 percent. 
Improved Natural Metabolism - This ability decreases your food
consumption by 10, 25 and 50 percent. 
Improved Natural Regeneration - This ability raises your regeneration
ability by 1 point per skill level. 
Improved Natural Run Speed - This ability will slightly modify your
base run speed. This modification does not stack with movement rate
spell effects. 
Improved Natural Disease Protection - This ability raises your base
Save Vs Disease by 2 points for each skill level. 
Improved Natural Poison Protection - This ability raises your base
Save Vs Poison by 2 points for each skill level. 
Improved Natural Magic Protection - This ability raises your base Save
Vs Magic by 2 points for each skill level. 
Improved Natural Cold Protection - This ability raises your base Save
Vs Cold by 2 points for each skill level. 
Improved Natural Fire Protection - This ability raises your base Save
Vs Fire by 2 points for each skill level. 
Improved Natural Charisma - This ability raises your base Charisma by
2 points for each skill level. 
Improved Natural Wisdom - This ability raises your base Wisdom by 2
points for each skill level. 
Improved Natural Intelligence - This ability raises your base
Intelligence by 2 points for each skill level. 
Improved Natural Dexterity - This ability raises your base Dexterity
by 2 points for each skill level. 
Improved Natural Agility - This ability raises your base Agility by 2
points for each skill level. 
Improved Natural Stamina - This ability raises your base Stamina by 2
points for each skill level. 
Improved Natural Strength - This ability raises your base Strength by
2 points for each skill level. 

   Quindell
   40 Cleric
   Altered Dreams
   Quellious


