From 3806869687789688650
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,319d9f31d1f2d518
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-17 16:17:54 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <bob@DELETETHISplanetperez.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Stacking Shamans (shamen?)
Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2003 16:15:47 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <vrip5jrrkq0u65@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <bob@DELETETHISplanetperez.com>
References: <WY7ub.3082$y5.204040@nnrp1.ptd.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 110
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7864


"Lance Berg" <emporer@dejazzd.com> wrote in message
news:WY7ub.3082$y5.204040@nnrp1.ptd.net...

> So, having recently hooked up with Winterfury, a 52 shaman, I'm
> presented with a problem.

And at level 52 it's about time we finally hooked up, lol!. It's always a
little bit awkward at first meeting people you "know" in game. There's the
uncomfortable possibility that they will suck or that you will suck and then
what to do about it. Fortunately, we got past that initial phase ok.

> Principle shaman jobs are haste, slow, heal, with DPS coming in a
> distant fourth.

Aye, but hey, don't forget the buffing, it's one of our hallmarks. As a
Mage, you don't see as many buffs as the fighters, but before every battle
I'm giving each of them STA, AGI, STR, DEX, HP, AC (less often because they
usually have Temp/Virtue), MR, PR, and DR. I get random requests also for
Shrink ("twice, please, and my pet too please"), Regen, Pack Shrew (for the
SoW and/or the Ultravision). I usually try and give everyone the STA, HP and
AGI if I can. As bcarshaman correctly points out, the usual practice is to
fully buff going in and I rarely rebuff fully unless there's a big battle
coming (as in Assassination or named fights) and then only if time and mana
allow. I've got an Extended Enhancement IV item so my buffs last a good
amount of time, but key buffs usually will fade during an LDoN. Having a 2nd
Shaman who can distribute the buffing responsibilities could make a
significant difference in how well-buffed our fighters are staying.

>  Healing might be a legitimate use for two
> shaman, neither is really all that at the job thus far; I think 52 is
> barely Superior Healing level?

Aye, we're just getting into Superior Healing which is around 550hp or so,
but between my Heals and Stoicism I can hold down MH jobs when required, but
it's not nearly as fun. ;-) But TWO Shamans will have healing covered
easily.

> And of course each has a pet, which isn't terrible dps considering its
> practically free.

Dogdog is great. Not only is he extra DPS, he's a nice little distractor for
those RARE times when adds get out of control (lol). He's saved my butt many
times by dying for his favorite cause: me.

> SHaman, though, get their best Damage efficiency out of DOTs, which
> don't generally function so well in a group.

My poison DoT (Envenomed Bolt) delivers 1132 over 7 ticks for 230 mana with
a casting cost of 230 mana, a 6 sec casting time and a 110 DD blast at the
outset. This is the one I reach for if I'm using a quick DoT in a group.

My Disease DoT does 1215 over 21 ticks for 300 mana and 6 sec casting time,
with a 60 DD blast. This one takes too long be very useful in most LDoN
situations but has the advantage of stopping any mob regeneration. For some
mobs, regen can be a real pita and this shuts it down.  Frankly, though, I
don't use this much unless there's a big boss battle or I'm soloing since I
can stack it with EB.

I've got a couple of useful nukes: Blizzard Blast, which does 430 Cold for
200 mana, 5 .3 secs to cast, and Shock of Venom, 460 Poison  for 230 mana at
3.9 to cast. SoV is the one I reach for first and the one you saw me using
last night.

> In a group, we'd be substantial DPS and decent healing, get us a real
> MT, preferably a paladin to supply lulls and still more healing power,
> and we'd still have room for two more DPS, or a DPS and a mezzer.
> Doesn't seem like a bad deal really.

Hell, I think we'd rock. Now that you can do LDoN with 3 I've been real
tempted to try out various combinations of three to see what works and how
much experience we can get. You know how unreliabe pickup groups can be. I
imagine guilds and other well-established groups already experience this,
but I often think how nice it would be to have a reliable group of partners
I could count on and whose styles I could learn to rely upon. Having just
come back to the game after a long absence, I don't have a guild to rely on
and I'm just getting to know others on the server now.

> Stacking the two shaman with Teapray and Lenny means yet another angle,

Don't forget, I'm in the same situation that you are: I'm holding at 52
because I'm waiting for a couple of friends to catch up. My main online
partner is very reliable and a very solid player, but he's also in the Navy
and every once in a rare while gets called out to sea for a couple of weeks
at a time so these last two weeks I have been without his company but he'll
be back. He's got a Monk 46 and a Cleric 52 and he gets back this Friday so
I expect to be actively grouping with him again shortly. We also have
another friend who has a warrior 46 who we would like to see catch up so
that the three of us can participate in Vox/Naggy raids, something none of
us has ever done. And then there's Rumbledor here in the newsgroup whose
Bard is knocking at our door at level 44. We have *lots* of options here.
;-)

> Funny how building a group out of who you like, instead of what classes
> would be best fit can make you think of things in a new light.

And that's what's great about EverQuest, eh? After playing Star Wars
Galaxies for the last 7 months, I really came to miss the rich class
distinctions that make this game what it is. It's funny, because it's this
very specialization that often gets thrown at EverQuest as a complaint and
although it does often make finding a group a pain in the ass, it just as
often provides the richest rewards when everything comes together and you
leave your group thinking "I want to group with these guys AGAIN"!

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Mystic of 52 winters
Citizen of Firiona Vie





