From 7410946290099706086
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ea58dea4bd959565,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-17 08:40:23 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: Stormguide@hotmail.com (Horus)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Finally redeemed ourselves to the Wayfarer's Brotherhood
Date: 17 Oct 2003 08:40:23 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 140
Message-ID: <48a72f2a.0310170740.68619b46@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 206.111.223.180
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1066405223 18285 127.0.0.1 (17 Oct 2003 15:40:23 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 17 Oct 2003 15:40:23 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:3027

For a while, I thought that the wayfarer's brotherhood was going to
confiscate my adventure's stone. I had visions of the adventure
recruiter, when requesting an adventure, falling over in maniacle
laughture proclaiming that he wouldnt trust me to collect bone chips
in a newbie zone. For a while, I felt very defeated in LDON.

When LDON was launched, me and my 2-boxing wife (62SK, 62ENCH,
62Shammy, 62 Cleric) were excited at the prospect of having a dungeon
to ourselves and conquering this expansion (sometimes of course with
friends). We didnt have to wait for pickup groups to form, we had our
own group, so we were all set. I seem to remember when they first
announced LDON, SOE stated that the minimum group size was 5, and
later it was brought down to 4. SO naturally we were thrilled when the
final group size was 4.

Our first dungeon was with an eager friend in Miraguls. The excitement
brimmed and we proceeded to kick instanced booty. I dont recall the
mission details (we took whatever was given first to us), but we
failed miserably. No deaths, just didnt even get NEAR the goal. But it
was still fun and still excited about the expansion.

15 missions later, nothing had changed. Well thats not true. Our
excitement of LDON became "tainted". Constant defeat will do that to a
person. Sure, we were getting drops and decent loot (which seems
really nerfed now), but felt like the Cincinatti Bengals of LDON.

Looking to console myself, I searched message board after message
board hoping to find others experiencing hardship in LDON too. Misery
loves company! Well, needless to say, I didnt really find much company
(LOL).

We (me and my wife) concluded that its just impossible to successfully
2-box in LDON. We werent satisfied with that though. We were
determined to find out how we could complete one.

Usually we are pretty laid back and very conservative. We step
carefully but surely. We were never "on the edge" type of players. We
moved ahead when we were ready and comfortable with doing so. A
recipie for failure in LDON.

So we went back to the drawing board and started to scheme and plot on
how we could start becoming successful. We tried to identify our
"bottleknecks" and where our failings stemmed from. Each new mission
we tried something new. Sometimes it would help and sometimes it
wouldnt. Here are some of the things we tried (maybe this will help
others - not that anyone else is really having troubles with LDON now
heh)

My SK usually never used his pet. Mostly it was because deep pulling
with a pet can be a pain. Its annoying to run back to the spot
thinking the mob is just behind you, when your pet ran off after it
and is now at the mob taking one for the team. Spamming the zone with
back off messages usually wouldnt save the poor guy. But in LDON every
little addition to your DPS can pay off, and usually now in these
dungeons, your entire group is on the move an in the mobs faces so
this isnt a big deal now.

At the start, my SK was 61. At 62, a WONDERFUL spell became available
to me.. Zevfeer's Bite. This was one of the tide turning events in our
rather colorful LDON history. Being able to give some mana to the
whole group during each battle has really made a huge difference.

The combination of Banshee Aura, Cloak of Ahkeva and the shaman damage
shield potion has added to our DPS. Its really nice they all stack. We
originally tried not slowing the mobs to maximize the DPS done by the
damage shields, but the drain on the clerics mana was too great. We
also tried a comination of lesser slows, but the full slow seems to
work the best. The cleric often doesnt have to heal my SK and allows
her to melee more (more on that later).

Ive spent recent AA points on increasing my DPS (as opposed to more
defensive skills). I was hesitant at first spending more than 2 points
on combat fury - Im still not sure I should get the last level of it,
but so far so good. Any suggestions on other AA's to increase DPS for
a SK?

I also upgraded some equipment on him (had kind of crappy equipment)
most significant being a WindBlade. Nice seeing crits in the mid 500's
now. I have alot more work to do on his equipment but its progressing
nicely.

Pulling tactics have changed alot as well. During the battle, Ill have
my enchanter pacifying as we fight (if need be). If the mob turns to
flee, Ill just let the pets (I include my wife as a pet *grin* - If
she saw this - shed smack me hard lol) finish it off and go get the
next one. This saves tons of time and keeps things moving at a nice
pace.

My 62 enchanter was a real problem. Getting him more involved in the
LDON scheme has been a challenge. Chanters are not known for their
DPS. But I had to figure out SOME way to get him more integrated with
things. I NEVER used his pet before, seemed kind of pointless. How
wrong I was.

WIth the addition of Arcane Rune at 61, his pet suddenly became very
useful. Now, often, Ill actually tash pull with the chanter, which his
pet immediately jumps in to save the day. I can turn the mob on the SK
very quickly and then move ahead and prep the next pull. The chanter
pet actually deals some decent damage. I havent parsed it or anything
but it seems to be on the level with the shaman's pet, which is a huge
bonus. This may produce laughture, but Im thinking of spending AA
points on the Animation Empathy skills in PoP advancement. Seems to me
that would be a boon for LDON chanters. To be able to get his pet
involved in each battle without risking life and limb seems appealing
to me. So Im rushing him to 63 and building up 7 AA points to use to
get the /guard and /attack commands for the pet. Also Tranquility is a
bonus at 63. Otherwise, I save his mana for pacifying/mezzing and the
occasional nuking/stunning a healing mob (that and using theft of
thought on casters). Im open to suggestions on other techniques for
chanter DPS.

With my wife's characters, the Shaman has done some things in
adjustment. Besides making sure I have a flowing supply of the damage
shield potions, she regularly casts Avatar on the SK. OMG its WELL
worth the emerald cost, as he often hits for near his max each time.
She'll melee the mob too and is the official ML ;).

One big difference with her characters is having the cleric melee now.
WOW - shes a little dynamo with that summoned hammer (Hammer of
Divinity I think it is). The amount she procs is amazing. Shes not
just a healing bot - but an integral part of the DPS. Obviously she
has to stand back and heal occasionally - but its only occasionally.
Now she has some 1100 point nuke! Sheesh - shes going to put my SK out
of business. Between KEI and ZB, shes always brimming with mana
(except when I go up against a caster mob that dispells, and dang it -
no matter how i seem to arrange the order of the buffs - they always
seem to nail the expensive ones).

In our last 18 adventures, weve only lost 1 (guess which type was the
loss... yep... collect). And not just slaughter missions, weve done
assasinates and rescues (have yet to succeed a collection yet - but
havent tried too many of them) And this was even with a problem I had
on my chanter's system that locked up at LEAST once an adventure. So
it IS possible to have success in LDON 2 boxing.

So now the wayfarer's brotherhood has stopped giggling when we arrive
at a camp. Were a little wary tho still about levelling up to bump us
to the next tier (the level 65 tier). Were finally having consistant
success with the level 60 tier dungeons. How much harder are the 65
dungeons?


