From -8924589272996781997
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2c0bae035345fc7f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tale of Loral: Chapter 53: Natimbi
Date: 26 Oct 2004 11:50:57 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 123
Message-ID: <1098816657.552033.49170@z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.80.55.74
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1098816661 23477 127.0.0.1 (26 Oct 2004 18:51:01 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 26 Oct 2004 18:51:01 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com; posting-host=192.80.55.74;
   posting-account=WDcinhMAAADcvkKBmXXfehYblo0NN7Cr_KfkHiVTV22R7IgxdvF6Yg
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:20959

Tales of Loral
Chapter 53: Natimbi

Violet clouds swam across the dark sky. Hills rolled green and thick
over the lands. The temples of the Taelosians lay scattered across the
hills. Each ancient temple was a vault of priceless and unseen magic.
Statues to gods long forgotten guarded the once sealed doors of the
temples. Infesting these temples of nobility and light were the
Muramites.

They stood in sharp contrast to the beauty around them. Powerful beasts
of orange skin and white hair roared in battle lust. Huge werewolves
the size of giants wielded massive axes. Scarred gray-skinned assassins
knocked barbed arrows in huge bows. And behind them all the black-robed
priests floated on atrophied legs with telepathic serpent enchanters
slithering at their sides. Few worlds could endure the perfect savagery
of the Muramite hoards. There was only one last hope for the survival
of Taelosia, the adventurers of Norrath.

Loral stepped onto the stone dock of Natimbi. He brushed back a rogue
lock of his white-gray hair and looked out over the strange lands and
the sky above them. A breeze of hot air blew over Loral from the deep
river valley. Every sight, every sound, and every smell told Loral one
thing.

He was no longer on Norrath.

Loral traveled to the outer planes many times. Weeks in the Plane of
Nightmare, Disease, and Torment trained Loral's senses to detect the
changes between worlds. The differences were far more subtle here than
in the alien worlds of the outer planes but they were there. Loral
could not place when he shifted out of Norrath and into this strange
world. Somewhere in the black night and unrelenting storm of the
Abysmal Sea they had sailed across the ethereal plane and to this alien
land. Perhaps the Grozmok Stone led them across the gray spaces between
worlds.

Dozens of adventurers gathered at the familiar quarter-dome bent-wood
Wayfarer tents. Loral saw a small elf-like being half the size of Loral
with a rounded face, almond-shaped eyes, tall pointed ears, and white
hair pulled back into a topknot. Loral recognized the creature as a
Taelosian, the small native beings of this war-torn land.

"The Wayfarer's wave him like a flag." Loral heard the gruff voice and
turned to the speaker, a human swordsman, who stepped up next to the
elven cleric. "Come see the plight of Taelosia and bleed for their
liberation." Deep scars, only weeks old, lined the man's face. The
armored swordsman's left arm was gone at the elbow. "The Kings of
Freeport had a parade for us when we left. They gave us jewels and
flowers and told us what a great adventure lies beyond the seas. Then
this land devoured us."

The swordsman looked to Loral with dead gray eyes. "I left for the lost
temples with seventeen companions. We made it as far as the Hanging
Gardens. Four of the demon-dogs, the Ukuns, hit us like a wall of
knives. Only I and two others survived.

"They sent us here to seek the power of Taelosia but we find only
death." The man walked up the stone gangway and stepped onto the
Wayfarer's landing skiff. He sank to the benches on each side of the
craft, his shoulders sagging and his head down.

A cry from the camp shot a line of adrenaline down Loral's spine.
People in the camp shouted and pointed across the river. Loral looked
in the direction of their horrified gazes and saw the hills of Natimbi.

One of the hills moved.

Loral shook his hand and looked again. It wasn't until the huge beast
turned its head that Loral understood what he saw. It stretched over
two hundred meters from tale to head, and naerly forty meters wide
across the chest. It took four huge steps. The vibration in the earth
followed a few seconds later. It tilted its head to the sky and opened
its massive mouth.

"My lady Tunare." In response to Loral's whispered prayer, the beast's
cry broke across the camp like thunder. Wooden struts in the tent
quivered. Rocks on the shore cracked against each other. People dropped
to their knees and covered their ears.

"Impressive, ain't she?" Loral turned and relief flooded into him.
Stonehewer the stout dwarven paladin stood leaning on the cross guard
of his double-bladed sword. The high-elf, Illudar, stood behind the
dwarf holding his own sword over his blue-armored shoulder by the
scabbard in a style known to the swordsmen of the east. Like Loral,
Illudar's hair was pulled back in an efficient battle ready pony-tail.
Both of the Healers United paladins smiled at Loral's expression.

"They call her the Queen." Another of the creature's cries rolled over
the camp.

Loral could almost see the black poison of the Muramites flowing over
these once green lands, creating mutated beasts like this one from
simple rock-lizards. Somewhere deep in the mountains a rift to a world
of darkness spilled poison and shadow over Taelosia like a festering
sewer.

Loral looked to the Taelosian in the Wayfarer's camp. This land could
be Faydwer. The Taelosians could just as easily be Koada'Dal. Perhaps
in fifteen or twenty years it would be Felwithe that filled with the
diseased clouds of the Muramites.

Loral saw the look of defeat and sadness in the eyes of the Taelosian.
Perhaps Felwithe was right to send him here.

"There is a city entrance to the north-west." Stonehewer seemed to have
already concluded this debate for himself. The fire in Illudar's eyes
spoke of the same conclusion. "The Taelosian's call it Qinimi."

Loral looked again at the massive beast standing on the horizon of the
alien landscape, a beast that would crush Felwithe to the ground in a
day.

"Let us go."

The three armored adventurers began their trek along the foreign shores
of Natimbi. They did not see the shadow flowing through the cracks
between rocks that followed behind them.

This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License. Screenshots and
proper names copyright 2004 Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc.
Contact Loral at loral@loralciriclight.com.



