From 1513429645994628006
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,56d2beab7b0a9a7c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-08-12 02:11:18 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!in.100proofnews.com!in.100proofnews.com!elnk-atl-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!prodigy.com!prodigy.com!newsmst01.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr23.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!938f8985!not-for-mail
From: "Shawn" <skex_relbore@yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <vj6qcul2v1le1f@corp.supernews.com>
Subject: Re: Rangers suck.
Lines: 161
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <Da2_a.511$7k6.208@newssvr23.news.prodigy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 12.210.18.76
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr23.news.prodigy.com 1060679459 ST000 12.210.18.76 (Tue, 12 Aug 2003 05:10:59 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 12 Aug 2003 05:10:59 EDT
Organization: SBC http://yahoo.sbc.com
X-UserInfo1: OP]WRTOG^ZRSP_@YMZJ\_Q\@TJ_ZTB\MV@BT]_MIJQR@EPIB_VUKAH_[MTX\IS[K[NGYJJFNOFZR_G[BUNTAOQLFE^TEHRPI]PZZRP_BMDSFQFL_]CBHXRWCMDCUZAZN@D_AKMNLEI]MWHCSXL^]NNC__CZFGSGHYYXWPFG@SCAVA]\FT\@B\RDGENSUQS^M
Date: Tue, 12 Aug 2003 09:10:59 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:296506


"Phillip Stout" <phillip55@gci.net> wrote in message
news:vj6qcul2v1le1f@corp.supernews.com...
> No, they do! I've been playing a Ranger since January and leveled him to
35,
> and I'm surprised at how much I suck. Can't take hits worth crap, easily
> outdamaged by most other melees, has the casting ability of a level 15
> druid, but, oh wait, I HAVE TRACK! Oh, yay, I can track stuff. Yipee.
>
> Why is it every other hybrid has a super-cool innate ability? SKs get
> harmtouch and Paladins get lay of hands. Rangers get track. Track sucks.
> Well, maybe that's not true, it's helpful, but it's no harmtouch or LOH.
> Every other hybrid gets an ability that can help them during a combat
> situation. Why don't rangers?
>
> So I'm seriously considering retiring my Ranger, but I thought I'd come
see
> what everybody thought about rangers. Do you like Rangers? Are they
helpful?
> What are the pros and cons of being a ranger?
>
>
>

Well lets see. I've been playing a Ranger off and on for I guess its four
years now. Lets be clear about something.

RANGERS MOST CERTAINLY DO NOT SUCK.

Some people suck at playing them.. In fact probably damn near everyone sucks
playing them when they start. They are probably the hardest melee or hybrid
class to play well. However if your willing to put in the effort they are
about the most versitile class in the game.

Upto about 50th tanking ability isn't too different from one class to
another and a ranger has a wide array of abilities and tools at their
disposal. You can pull agro like no other when you want it. Tangling weeds
is fast and pretty much instant hate snare is a big agro generator as well
and has the added advantage of stoping runners. Roots are great for agro
control and what we call Gheto crowd control. Say you get an add TW the
bastard run it off a bit root it back off and go back to the main fight. You
can take enough hits for that.
You have heals that while kind of weak for your level can still be the
difference between a whipe and a win. Not to mention that when you are
grouped with a Can capable shammy you can play mana battery to help with
their state of perpetual oomness.
You get damage sheilds that can help take down mobs faster by either casting
them on yourself or on the MA if your not tanking. You get pretty much the
most coveted ATK buffs in the game especially post 50 when you get Strength
of Nature (later Tunare) and the Predator line (which is like crack to monks
and rogues) Hell every raid I'm on I can count on a dozen tells for SOT and
SOP.
Also Rangers are the kings of travel. I know I know druids and wizzies get
those ports but poping instantly to a stack of rocks near your destination
while fast is not really traveling. In my time I've traveled through damn
near every zone. I've run across Antonica snuck through Kith, Taken every
boat in the game (each way) did a fighting run through Sirens grove (ok I'm
65th level so I could pull that off thanks to good gear and raw killing
power)
I'll admit I've had my moments and I'll say this be glad that you didn't
have to live through the post Kurnak pre Luclin Era when we really did
pretty much SUCK and getting a group was pretty much a question of how much
pity your friends had for your, Or even in the pre Kurnak age when you cost
your group a 40% exp penalty if they grouped with you.
Even then however a well played ranger got respent. Now post Luclin and
Alternative advancement a Ranger is King of the post 60th world. Once you
get your 45 AA for AM3 and EQ then .. well lets just say that my mother told
me once that the best revenge is success and as a Hunter revenge is oh so
sweet. Suddenly rouges and wizards are giving you evil looks when you start
criting for upto 1k damage per arrow depending on your bow. And when you pop
Trueshot mobs melt like candles in a furnace.
You go from being a speed bump to generally the last person standing telling
your groups to consent so you can drag their corpse's for the CR.

It is of course a long hard road and not for the faint of heart but the
reward is great for those willing to take that road.

The trick though is to become as knowledgeble as you can of your
capabilities as well as those around you. Know what strategies to apply
where.

For instance sometimes even with our inherent disadvantages in the damage
mitigation dept it can still be more efficient for a Ranger to tank over a
plate class. Particularly if you've got good enough gear and they are either
poorly equiped or significantly lower in level.
Agro control is really the most important skill in the game, that doesn't
just mean keeping your agro down but also can mean keeping it up high.

Here's an example. Say you're in a triad group one with the big three Cleric
(healer) Warrior (tank) and Chanter for CC and haste/slow. You're playing
puller. Now say your tank is poorly equiped or poorly played and has a hard
time holding agro so everytime the chanter slows or the cleric heals the
bady makes a be line for the offending character and don't kid yourself this
happens alot especially at the lower levels and in the upper end of the game
most groups really prefer a Knight for tanking duty precicely because of
agro control issues.
This is a case where a ranger can shine as a tank. Because even though you
may be a mana sponge to keep alive it is still more efficient for the group
to be able to consentrate their heals on one target rather than multiples.
And any ranger worth his salt can hold agro like glue. Slows get cast sooner
reducing over all damage Heals are concentrated on one target so mana isn't
wasted saving the slowers bacon nor on keeping the cleric alive and well
either. Elimination of that ping pong can at times be very worthwhile
(though admittedly it can sometimes be difficult to get people past their
prejudices when it comes to rangers) so many people hear old jokes about
rangers not being able to tank or how generally a plate class is a superior
tank and don't understand the mechanics enough to know when the exceptions
to these rules exist.
A good ranger will know these and be able to judge them. Hit the rangers
glade http://interealms.com/ranger/ forums section for futher help. This is
a great resource where you can gain from the combined experience of hundreds
of skilled and capable rangers who will happily give you pointers on how to
be more effective.

So basically the pro's of a ranger is ultimate utility and a great amount of
Flexibility. and in the end game you are serious damage from a distance.
A ranger is the king of outdoor pulling (track snare harmony and a bow give
you a serious advantage in said environment) Monks can kiss my Elvish ass.
We have a fair ability to solo post Panic Animal (though personally I
discourage it as a main means of getting xp. grouping is where you learn the
really escential skills that will make a great ranger still its nice to have
the option for those days when you either just can't find a group or are
feeling anti social)
Our Buff lines are very much coveted by certain classes every melee in the
game will want the Predator when you get it and the pure melee's love SoN
and SoT.  For Pure atk we are the king of buffers.
Our melee damage is only second to monks and rogues. Equivelently equiped a
warrior will not outdamage you. Monks are close depending on equipment it
can go either way but Rogues get backstab and if they can use it you'll not
match them in melee range.
We can tank effectively in some circumstances and can pinch tank pretty much
anywhere.
We can provide rudementary crowd control.
Snare learn it love it be it. Rangers snare thats the first job in any
group. Oh yeah and tell the damn druids to stop friggin snaring or stop
bitching when the mob tries to goble them up :)
OH yeah and lots of experienced Rangers who are willing to help give
pointers and provide mentoring to help you play to the best of your
abilities.
One of the most useful epics in the game. I still use Swiftwind and can't
think of anything that could ever replace it in my offhand for archery
purposes (40 raw atk is NICE)
I'm sure there are more but I'm running out of gas and need some sleep


Cons
A bad reputation caused by issues that have long since been corrected and
agravated by the actions of poorly played rangers (which is probably the
biggest pet peeve of older rangers)
We come into our power late in life. Lower and mid levels can be a serious
trial of patience skill and tenacity.
Beast lord pets
Beast lord got our epics and get it easier
Beast lords ;) Ok I hate beasties so sue me /grumbles something about taking
a ranger wishlist and creating another class.
EarthCaller is damn near unatainable (unless the drop rate in hate has
seriously been upped since I last played)

ok all I can think of for now time to hit the rack




