From 3926503565002834474
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7fb267090a5177e0
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-06-11 13:35:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!tethys.csu.net!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews2
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Patch message 6-11-03
Date: Wed, 11 Jun 2003 15:11:27 -0500
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 103
Message-ID: <bc82d3059s@enews2.newsguy.com>
References: <vh1eevgoorif70fcgj2oprlo6a1f69jcne@dafox.den.com> <bc7jdq02ja9@enews2.newsguy.com> <3EE7635C.50400@nottospam.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-946.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:287312

"kaev" wrote:

> However you play your characters, don't lose sight
> of the most important thing, which is to continue to
> supply us with the occasional narrative here. All
> other considerations pale into insignificance in
> comparison!  ;)

Hehehe... will do!  Currently Monual's life has been pretty dull... farming
elemental mobs as best we can, which isn't that great sometimes.  The
upgrades to the elemental mobs really hit us hard as we'd had *no*
opportunity to farm elemental mobs before.  Rampages and the like hit us
hard.  We're trying, and we're making slow but steady progress.   But we
also do end up killing the same mobs over and over again.  I think just
about every plate-wearer was Sol Ro gauntlets by this point.

Marrtuk's life has been much more interesting.  =)  His Windblade is now
beginning to do signficant damage, and I've come to really enjoy using
Instrument of Nife to take down undead mobs.  I could write journals about
his journeys to Gunthak and High Hold Keep in search of mobs to kill.  He's
had some things happen to him that never happened to Monual.  =)

> Group Marrtuk!

Hehehe... I figured this was going to be a common response.  =)  The whole
reason I created Marrtuk was to do some soloing for those times when Monual
can't find a group.  It's just nice to be able to go where I wanna go and
not have to worry about finding the perfect group to take down mobs.  He's
grouped a grand total of two times (not counting getting buffed).  Both
times his XP accumulation rate slowed down significantly.  Bah with that!
This, of course, may change now that he can't get KEI.

> A well played Paladin is tremendously group-friendly, as
> an MT, as an off-tank, as a root-parker, as a caster life
> assurance provider, as an enemy caster neitralizer, as a
> back-up healer when main healer is a Druid/Shaman (or
> overwhelmed Cleric, happens even to the good ones
> sometimes).

Heh.  I have to admit there's a world of grouping experience I'm missing out
on.  I have quite diligently maxed out my taunting skill despite having
hardly ever grouped.  I set up a stunning macro as both a way to deal with
casting mobs and as the preferred way for paladins to get and keep aggro.
I've read all the grouping strategies to be found on the Paladins of Norrath
message boards.

And none of that can substitute for actually playing in a group and learning
how to be effective there.

So I have to admit that if I truly want to learn all aspects of being a
melee, I do have to bite the bullet and start LFG.  My problem is that the
whole reason I created Marrtuk was so that I wouldn't have to LFG.  =)
We'll see, though.

> Paladins are not particularly good soloers, and post-40 soloing
> with my Paladin was pretty boring most of the time even with KEI).

I recently tried to camp the skeletons at the Combine outpost in DL.  Alas a
47 beastlord was already there.  She graciously offered to share the camp
with me, and I in turn helped decrease her downtime by healing her and her
warder.  One thing I noticed: with my twink gear and ION and KEI, I could
kill the same mobs much faster than she could.  In fact, I gave up on
sharing the mobs because there simply weren't enough for us to share since I
could kill them so quickly.

Of course, maybe that merely shows that Beastlords aren't particularly good
soloers, either.  =)  Still, the Paladin message boards are full of
suggestions of where paladins can solo all the way through 60.  And with
this latest patch increasing the range of blue mobs, I should even be able
to get to 65.  I had a guildmate who was a 65 pally with tons of AA, and
he'd done most of it soloing or duoing.

So I think pallies can be effective soloers.  Perhaps not in the same class
as bards or necros or mages.  But enough to get by.  Certainly far better
than Monual can manage.  =)

> Anyhow, in case you haven't figured it out yet, I'm urging you to
> play Marrtuk in groups!

=)  I have to admit that I kinda miss the group dynamic - being able to
chatter about stuff as we're killing.  Still, I have to balance that against
the time I spend LFG and the possibility of getting into a bad group where
my XP rate goes way down (if not in a negative direction altogether).

I like your idea of duoing, though.  I'll have to see if anyone else has a
40ish twink they wanna work with me on.

Thanks for the feedback, kaev.  =)


-- 
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Archon of Rodcet Nife
Silent Tempest

Marrtuk
Paladin of Mithaniel Marr

Drinal server




