From 8695505542781391415
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b087bd68999351bd
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!newsfeed.earthlink.net!stamper.news.pas.earthlink.net!newsread2.news.pas.earthlink.net.POSTED!1f59bfd9!not-for-mail
From: Michael Johnson <myaddy@san.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: My analysis of where GoD went wrong.
Message-ID: <5c4db01dji8u7n4jru8dos6lvhbk9qnhhv@4ax.com>
References: <c958mm09uo@news4.newsguy.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.92/32.572
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 182
Date: Fri, 28 May 2004 02:09:37 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.179.232.225
X-Complaints-To: abuse@earthlink.net
X-Trace: newsread2.news.pas.earthlink.net 1085710177 209.179.232.225 (Thu, 27 May 2004 19:09:37 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 27 May 2004 19:09:37 PDT
Organization: EarthLink Inc. -- http://www.EarthLink.net
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:3917

On Thu, 27 May 2004 12:32:12 -0500, "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
wrote:

>Well, while I still play EQ and continue to keep playing for a long while,
>my interest has definitely waned.  One of my guildleaders will be going to
>San Diego to talk with Smedly about EQ.  I posted this on my guild forums
>and thought I'd post it here, too.  This is what I think SOE did wrong with
>GoD.
>
>First, I truly think they made a big mistake in making CR's so difficult in
>GoD. No graveyards, no nearby place to bind, blue see-invis mobs that could
>one-round a naked cleric... this was very discouraging. Perhaps we got
>spoiled by PoP... we could bind in a zone (PoTranq) with no aggroing mobs,
>zone into wherever we had died, and either wait for our corpse to GY or ask
>some necro or SK to make a quick and easy journey to the zone to retrieve
>our corpses for us.

>Try asking someone to run to Yxxta to retrieve a corpse for ya or rez ya. =/

Refresh my memory.. yxxta is a raiding zone right?

Its kind of expected that if your guild is rated for there.. they
didn't just LEAVE YOU THERE.. and if they did.. well.. maybe you
deserved what you got.

>The problem is that SOE removed many of the difficulties associated with
>CR's... then promptly reintroduced them in the next expansion. That was
>highly discouraging to people who had gotten used to the ease of CR's. And
>it was so unnecessary. Why did they do that?

Can I please get some cheese with that whine, sir?

You are expected at some point to ride this bike without training
wheels, son. They put them back in the game because GoD is meant to be
challenging content. It isn't meant to be a retread of PoP nicities.
If you want to go swim in a couple year old shit.. anything in PoP or
old world is your oyster.. GO HAVE FUN.

But at some point.. please grow up and realize that at some point you
are expected to actually play with some talent and skill... and if you
don't like that.. maybe a lesser mmorpg would be best for you.. one
that caters to your defeatist tendencies.

>That fueled players' suspicions that developers were people who didn't
>actually play the game and had no real idea of the impact that their design
>decisions would have on our EQ experience.

And the people playing the game have been complaining loudly about the
dumbing down of the game. Reverse that for a challenging expansion and
the same people cry a fucking river. How dare you put back in CR's
after we've grown used to having none!?

>The other major problem is that they finally fell victim to their own
>mudflation. Every expansion had been adding more and more AA's and more and
>better weapons / armor / spells that made players into mini-gods themselves.
>Heck any 65 player could solo Naggy if it weren't for that
>aggro-and-get-TL'd thing. With so many people spouting full sets of Time
>gear, the next expansion had to be extremely difficult to be at all
>challenging.

What did you think.. 300hp items would suddenly drop off trees in the
new expansion while your raid scooped them up geared in ornate? You
need the gear to get the gear.. that's how it has always been.. its
how it will always be.

>So they introduced all those max-hitting spell-resistant mobs.

Max-hitting because your tanks didn't have the AC to get up to or over
their attack? Big surprise. Gear your tanks, stupid.

I understand there were issues with knights being sidelined until
patch.. but warriors still were good to go.

>Trials became nightmares as one little mistake meant a wipe and the
>subsequently difficult CR.

The CR for trials weren't that hard. Sewer at least.. can't speak much
about beyond that.

>Boss mobs became time-consuming ring events.

OMG.. Boss mobs being ring events?

Not like.. oh say.. THE AVATAR OF WAR?
Vzyh'dra(sp) the Cursed?
Vulak?

BIG SHOCK THERE. They've only been in the game since Velious. The main
difference is just in complexity.

>And Uqua... goodness. Reduce us to wimps, force us to wipe over and
>over again, make it so that a mistake halfway-in makes you have to start
>all over again. It became extremely discouraging.

Learn from your mistakes and adapt. Yeah.. you can't throw caution to
the wind anymore and you have to play at a level of precision that you
and the afk raiders of the world are not used to. You can't phone your
play in anymore. Your raid will learn and then trivialize the content
over time.. especially as they get better gear.

>And that leads us to the next mistake I think they made: time commitment.
>They made things *have* to take hours and hours to do. Like Smith Rondo, we
>can't just set up CotH near where we're going to fight him... no, we have to
>clear to and kill several mobs to get the drops we need just to trigger him,
>then clear to where we need to fight him. What SOE failed to realize is that
>this isn't fun. Smith Rondo may be a fun fight when you actually get to
>trigger the event, but the time it took just to trigger everything... ugh.
>People had to stay on for long periods of time. EQ became a job, not a
>diversion.

For guilds that do high-end content.. the members do EQ as a job. They
don't like to admit its a job.. and its how they entertain
themselves... but if you lookup the requirements for any high-end
guild that is at or say.. Plane of Time.. they allready expect you to
be on in the evening to midnight hours. Say 5-6 hours a night. GoD at
the high end was meant to cater to that segment of the game.

>SOE failed to take into account that forcing people to stay online for hours
>to finish one event is not fun.

HAHAHAHAHAHA.. you have never been in a high-end guild son unless
ebayed. People aren't forced by SoE to be online for hours.. they not
only do it willingly.. its the only way a guild can advance in the
game. If events take a half an hour to accomplish.. they do 5-10 of
them in a sitting.

>Sure, make it challenging, but don't make it *that* long.

GoD didn't start this.. PoP did. The Rathe Council takes a minimum of
around 2 hours if things go perfect, 4 hours if its your first
attempt. And the event, while an absolute dog to do, is my favorite in
the game.

>Dragging an event out makes it much less fun for those who
>have to go through it.

And when you finally succeed and trivialize the content you feel like
you've actually accomplished something.. and i would say.. got better
at raiding. You upgraded your skills to the challenge.. and met it. If
that isn't something you desire go play Tetris.

>And then, finally, the other thing that made GoD not so much fun: everything
>was the same. Every trial was going through the same stone passageways to
>fight the same blue golems. PoF, PoE, PoW... those each had unique looks.

I'll give you that one. There is way too much code and graphic sharing
in the game in order to try to cut costs. Gone are the days when
Everquest was touted based on the fact that each zone was made from
scratch. Now its just jigsaw puzzle pieces inserted to make a
different maze. As a result.. what ends up occuring is that the
instanced zones blend into each other. They don't feel like physical
places. Kael Drakkal for me is a place... or the Temple of Veeshan..
or Sleepers Tomb. 

Lost Dungeons of Norrath was the worst in this respect.. did anybody
feel that the named 'zones' in each faction were physical places? Do
you know them by name or just the faction.. ahh.. this is an EF
dungeon etc. Just another regenerated maze to run through.

>Add all that together and that means SOE made a series of poor decisions
>that leeched the fun out of EQ.

For me.. few expansions and even the original game compare to the
Planes of Power. It was one they truly nailed and without it EQ
wouldn't be what it is today.

>At this point, I'm not sure how much they can fix GoD. They've already done
>quite a lot by making CR's a lot less dangerous. I'd suggest they go a
>little further by making it possible to bind at the zone-line of most of the
>GoD zones and re-instituting graveyards.

They probably will institute gy's for cry-babies like yourself. There
are certainly quite enough of you guys to go around.

>But how do you change the sameness of the trials or the time commitment
>required by raids in GoD? Not certain.

Sorry.. but the debate for time commitment required by raids was
dictated by the guilds. Whether or not the GoD raids last that long..
the guilds that play the high-end content will be on that long.

-MJ


