From -5438163358819828275
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,73a61e1cadeac280
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-03 06:31:19 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!tank.news.pipex.net!pipex!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3C3468D5.1426EAB1@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Information needed for an Ignorant Cleric on first Vox Raid.
References: <tom83uoiocr2bk3pci94e2mfecv783hc94@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 134
Date: Thu, 03 Jan 2002 14:21:53 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.90
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1010067713 66.109.232.90 (Thu, 03 Jan 2002 09:21:53 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 03 Jan 2002 09:21:53 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:152909



Quindell wrote:

>         Ok title says most of it.... I have only been on one other
> raid and it was to Tower of Frozen Shadow (ToFS).  Which ended within
> 5 min with Everyone being dead except a Necro.  A second guild had to
> come in and rescue everyone.
>
>         Ok I have been invited on a Vox raid, as I understand it... I
> will be going to permafrost.  I know about the begining... Junk buffs
> first then good ones (because vox strips 5 buffs at a time I hear).
>

This is not something to concern yourself with.  Vox requires serious
planned buffing, and the raid leader will figure out what that entails
exactly.

It is done by "buff circle," a curious little practice used when facing a
large
single target with time to prepare.  Once you get the Ice Giants cleared
out (there should be a group or two assigned to doing this as the rest
of the raid forms up, and it should be done as quickly as possible, so
they aren't repopping during the fight) everyone will form up in a line,
remove all buffs, and walk one at a time as called thru the buff circle.

Buff circle consists of a line of buffers, each assigned one or two buffs
to cast.  They are arranged in order, so that (as you suggest) the "crap
buffs" (cheap low level stuff you don't need, which can be lost to the
cancel magic effect) are on first, the good ones second, and the good
ones with short duration last.  Walk that line, stopping at each till told

to move to the next, and then hail the next buffer.

When you are fully buffed, log out and go to the chat room established
for the purpose.  Everyone fully buffed, the leader will call for you
to log back in, form groups, and go as soon as possible, so that buffs
don't wear off.

IF you are given a position in the buff circle (unlikely at 49) you need
to make a hotkey for your buffs, something along the lines of

/cast 1
/pause 3
/cast 1  (this bit is in there to prevent fizzles from messing you up
/pause 36 (or however long cast time is on your buff)
/say %t you have recieved Shield of Words, please move on to Bergh
(of course substitute the name of your assigned buff and the next
buffer in the line)

>         If you have any info that can guide a 49 Cleric to success, if
> not to just ensure I dont make a fool of myself, Your time would be
> appreciated.

Vox Raid:

Before you go, get your best Vox Gear ready.  This means Resist
Cold and Resist Magic... as a cleric, do this at the cost of AC and
yes, even wisdom/mana.  Having 3/4ths your normal mana pool
won't make as much difference as the fact that you are alive to spend
it... or not having blown half your mana keeping yourself alive.  If you
are in IG group or Buff circle you might want to wear your normal
gear till time to log out... but -bring- that Vox Gear.  Heck, you
have a little time, might try to buy some in EC before going.

Ice Giant groups arrive a little early, and go in and slaughter IG with
a will, clearing the area.  They take several hours to respawn, so
the rest of the raid can form up and move around without having
to batttle level 45 critters.  Key is to kill them in as short a span
as possible, and get the raid ready and done with before repop...
the opposite of normal practice where you kill more slowly in order
to spread the repop out to make future killing easier.  THe other key
is to form up, buff up, kill, split, and get cleaned up before repop!

Everyone else forms up in the "buff rock" area, disbands, gets buffed,
logs out, and waits in chat.  This must happen as quickly and smoothly
as possible... see IG repop above

Groups should be established firmly beforehand, or at worst in
chat.  When you log in, groups need to form up  as quickly and smoothly
as possible, and report ready to raid leader.

When the balloon goes up, follow up to just outside the boulder
leading to the Lady's chambers... and then stay put.  Lead group goes
in and pulls her out to the center of the room and establishes aggro,
then other groups go in.  For some time, only melee and bards
should be in the room.  If you are grouped with a bard, you may
need to dash in, hit him with a heal, and run back out... bard resist
songs are important to keeping your group alive.  You not staying
in the room under the whithering onslaught of Vox Breath is also
important.

There are three healing strategies for Vox, your raid leader should
tell you which to use.  One is for injured tanks to run out to healers...
this lets you heal them without dealing with the AOE yourself.  In
my experience it often fails because tanks aren't good at knowing
when to run for help.  The second is for you to run in, toss a heal,
then run back out.  This means getting hurt and (with poor resists)
badly... but at least not continuously.  The third is to go in and
use group heals till mana runs out.  If Vox is killed quickly and you
have a melee heavy group this one actually has its advantages;
you and everyone else gets healed, just as the AOE damage is
coming in and hitting all of you.

Unfortunately, at 49 you dont have Heroic Bonds, which is the best
group heal for this strategy.  HB is large, but efficient and low
aggro.

Lets see, what else?  Hmm, expect some deaths... be ready to
stick around for some time to get everyone resed; it won't take
too long if you succede, but if you fail this can be ugly and time
consuming indeed.  Don't run around in there, there are lots
of pitfalls and you can aggro some fairly nasty spiders and critters..
while they wouldn't normally be a large problem, all resources
need to be concentrated on the Lady, and a bunch of these
disturbing things can easily lead to complete wipeout.  If you
-do- fall in a pit, just stay put and die or gate out of the zone
entirely.  Stay in the zone and they will come find you... and
if the raid fails the Lady will summon you and kill you in her
chambers eventually.

Don't expect loot or exp.  Its barely possible that something
good for a cleric will drop... if it does you will be rolling
for it against at least half a dozen other clerics, more likely
against the 20 or so raid members who can also use it.  You might
also be in the group that gets the kill... killing One mob just isn't
going to be great exp though even if you do get it.

Have fun, die cheerfully, and hope the epic stuff drops for
your friends.

Bergh Brelltender
54 Vicar, Morel Thule



