From 1754489797495521330
X-Google-Thread: fb739,920361429a03fa60
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 12 Jun 2007 07:13:59 -0500
Date: Tue, 12 Jun 2007 08:13:53 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.12 (Windows/20070509)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Back online (Terris Thule)
References: <mvCdnX3LcIvOkvXbnZ2dnUVZ_v6tnZ2d@dejazzd.com> <f86dnXKtEYhSUfHbnZ2dnUVZ_jWdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <f86dnXKtEYhSUfHbnZ2dnUVZ_jWdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <caWdnTQRqomaE_PbnZ2dnUVZ_u6rnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 136
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.36.156
X-Trace: sv3-EyiOpAVuHnBYRgmW9IVf/N2X5OQ67036r/x+imEn1tuR7cWFy6OxKM5ltGw2l/wOUdehDtl3yecN+Qy!VSnR8emfbYR3vp4tf9L884Wwq7svtJ1x3ld5iAHnnPgF0wtFtb2YCRL+OdeC9QVgQLaVYK1sjVe9!lrzCBRN95I0=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.34
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11400

Started out yesterday working on ROS faction some more.  I brought along 
some pants that have a clicky PB AE, so I was able to quit working so 
hard to make sure I have damaged every mob; just work on pulling as huge 
a swarm as I can handle, then click the pants to do some damage to every 
mob in it; this avoids having them kill themselves on my DS before I get 
around to smacking them.  I also put the pet on Hold until I stop 
moving, because he tends to end up stopped somewhere toe to toe with one 
of the first mobs I aggro, not that he can't take them, but it seems, I 
dunno, untidy.

I'm getting a ROS faction hit for every single kill in there, but that 
still seems glacially slow, I've wiped the whole zone dozens of times 
now.  ROS is the last item on the list of faction hits, I suspect that 
this means its the smallest of them.  And for all the affect it's 
having, I suspect its a single point per kill.

After a short while, I was asked to replace a warrior in MPG.  Now I 
have to admit that even though I played some during the OOW era, I 
didn't actually go to any of the OOW zones other than a little while at 
WOS.  So I had to get directions, which weren't that difficult to 
follow.  By the time I got there, though, the group had suffered a near 
total wipe, leaving only the bard.  Hung out for quite a while at the 
zone in, got trained and FD'd the mob off, the usual.  Then the ranger 
started moving, which I figured meant I could follow... turns out there 
are see invis mobs out there if you take a wrong turn, which I did, and 
ended up dead... should have just waited for the mage to get back, get 
there, and COTH me, I guess!  We finally got set up and fought for a 
while, those mobs are pretty tough on my out of date gear, and I ended 
up dead a couple times.  We hadn't been at it all that long, a half hour 
perhaps, when the cleric had to log, so we had to call it.

By now the guy who was running that pickup hedge raid (and had run 
several others during the past week) was forming a pickup Terris Thule 
raid, which was his goal in doing the earlier raids.  With only an hour 
or so till raid, I just hung out, mostly afk fixing dinner and the like. 
  I did make a point of keeping a set of "dummy" buffs up; actually real 
buffs I like to run anyway, but keeping them in the front 5 buff slots 
so I don't end up with things I really care about like KEI or Virtue or 
Focus in the easily dispelled slots.  I've learned that while the guild 
raids are generally tightly controlled, on these pickup raids the buffs 
can come wildly out of order and often well ahead of official buff time.

Eventually we got formed up, with what ended up being 9 groups, ranging 
wildly from 48 to 68.  Buffing was a bit of a nuisance, since the raid 
leader was asking people not to burn their MGB, and the level spread 
meant there wasn't a lot of duplication of high level buffs.  The job 
did end up getting done, but it took a while, and a lot of screaming to 
not MGB.

Moving thru PON to the TT entrance was pretty painless, unlike our runs 
to the Hedge.  The raid force was so overpowering that no effort was 
made to avoid aggro, we just moved to a point, stopped and killed all 
adds, moved again, repeat.  There was some confusion over who was 
offtanking, at least on my part, I might have missed the instruction 
when given.  Eventually, I just did it myself.  I'm spoiled by guild 
raiding, normally I use HOTT to determine if the mob I have selected is 
beating on a tank, and keep looking till I find one thats beating on a 
soft target.  But in this pickup situation, I didn't recognize names; if 
it wasn't on the MT I grabbed aggro and kept a death grip on it.  Had to 
kill a mini boss at the entrance, who dropped a part that would 
apparantly let you bypass the very raid we were in the process of doing, 
Heart of the Tyrant.

Inside, things became much more straightforward.  A ranger went out and 
pulled two mobs at a time.  I targeted the one not targeted by the MT, 
aggroed it and OT'd.  Nobody complained, so perhaps the instruction I 
missed was the one designating me as OT.  I don't know if it was because 
the puller was good at his job or not, but his pulls were always pairs, 
and it was a simple matter of moving down a long serpentine valley to 
get to the stonehenge building where Terris Thule resides.

Our first run at her didn't go too well, to be honest.  We tried to 
debuff her before engaging, as if she were perma rooted... but she's 
not.  Instead, she's Tethered; she can move around inside her building, 
but when she comes out the exit, she gates back to her start position. 
What we didn't know was that when she does that, she also clears all her 
debuffs!  Once we gave up on that and went in, things didn't go much better.

Here's the drill; you've got a tethered mob, so you still have to 
control positioning.  At 75%, a dozen or so Dreamling mobs spawn, and of 
course tear into the healers when heals land on the MT.  Then at 50% TT 
procs a massive AE that removes every buff from everyone in her room.  A 
bit later, at around 35%, four gargoyles atop pillars in the room come 
to life and similarly tear into the healers if not aggroed.  And finally 
TT Enrages, which is a pretty minor concern.

Well, I was designated as kiter for one of the gargoyles, and also as 
Tertiary Tank, backup for the backup.  I commented that this wasn't the 
best plan I'd heard, but went with it.  We planned to deal with the 
"butterflies" by using a warrior to AE taunt them over to the enchanter, 
and have him AE stun them all while druids and wizards PB AE slaughtered 
them.  This plan failed utterly, the butterflies ran rampant in all 
directions, killing people right and left, including the MT; low HP 
aggro meant that when he happened to get low on HP, boom every fly went 
straight to him.  And to his replacement.  And to me, as TA.  I got a 
rez, took over again, died again.  Got a rez, backed out of the room and 
managed to get some mana back before my replacement dropped, went back 
in and took over.  By now we had some semblance of order back in things, 
so I was getting some healing, plus I popped a discipline that makes 
every blow I land heal me for as much damage as I do the mob, and 
swigged a heal potion at a bad moment... I lived thru the massive debuff 
(I barely had any buffs anyway, fresh rezzed and nobody spending mana on 
buffing me up) and all the way to the gargoyles.  Which went as badly as 
the butterflies, kiters weren't able to keep the gargoyles from hitting 
me when I got low on HP, which was frequently in my unbuffed state. 
There was some pandemonium trying to get things recovered, but it just 
went south from there.  Luckily we managed to camp a cleric, so another 
try was doable.

After a long recovery (getting bodies back out was pretty tricky, and 
then some of the remaining ones got Graveyarded) we set up to go again. 
  This time we changed the plans a bit; I was no longer a kiter, instead 
I was just TA.  We had the warrior engage and then debuffed TT where she 
stood.  When the butterflies popped, everyone but the MA peeled off her 
and we OT'd them all.  At Massive Debuff, everyone got out of the room 
in good order (actually, that went well the first time, too, I was just 
MT at the time) and piled back in.  One of the kiters went LD, and the 
lead CC called me in at the last moment, since the MA and SA were both 
alive.  Luckily, my MT, OT, and Kiter spell loads are pretty much the 
same thing; ways to annoy the crap out of the mob, and lifetaps to help 
survive.  The gargoyle atop my pillar went live as scheduled, I aggroed 
him and took him outside the building and then ran circles around it, 
pausing occaisionally to refresh aggro and make sure he was still on my 
butt (Somehow during the shuffle, I lost the ability to use HOTT, 
probably group and raid leader don't have the leadership ability for 
it).  Kited around till TT went down, then kept kiting while the other 
gargoyles and a couple adds we'd picked up were killed.  Brought in my 
follower, which we killed as well, and we were done.

Of course there was drama over hailing the projection out of turn, 
hailing more than once (which apparantly no longer matters) distributing 
the loot and so on... but all in all, pretty smooth, and one more 
backflag out of the way without having to trouble the guild to do it for me.

Lance Berg
Berg S'Corpse, 67 SK, Combine


