From -1488719514116579611
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bc620a88faae7037,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!statler.nntpserver.com!news-west.rr.com!news.rr.com!news-server.columbus.rr.com!cyclone2.kc.rr.com!news2.kc.rr.com!tornado.rdc-kc.rr.com.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: Larry Laffer <private@aol.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Transcript of Stratics Dev Chat from 1-31-06 5PM PST
Message-ID: <6uj0u1tjl10q7k9mss7k888hrid1oslbrc@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 3.1/32.783
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 391
Date: Wed, 01 Feb 2006 06:03:05 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.128.13.181
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: tornado.rdc-kc.rr.com 1138773785 72.128.13.181 (Wed, 01 Feb 2006 00:03:05 CST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 01 Feb 2006 00:03:05 CST
Organization: Road Runner High Speed Online http://www.rr.com
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:1634

Sprite: Please send those questions to [QT]Cale or [QT]Brekkee - to do
so type /msg [QT]NICKNAME My question here.  Please only send
questions to our QT's as those sent to myself or the developers will
not make it into the lineup.
 
Sprite: The full logs will be posted on http://eq.stratics.com after
the chat.  We'll begin with a quick intro from our guests...now would
be a good time to send in those questions!
 
Rashere: Good evening everyone.  I'm Travis McGeathy, Lead Designer
for EverQuest.
 
Maddoc: Welcome everyone, I'm Jason Mash, an Assistant Lead Designer
on the EverQuest Team. :)
 
Vahlar: Good evening! I'm Holly Longdale, EQ Designer.
 
Raghnell: Hey everybody, I am Chris Lena, still Producer of EverQuest
 
Rytan: Hey everyone, Im Ryan Barker assistant lead for the EverQuest
design team.  Generally responsible for spell and game system design
and developement.
 
Ngreth: Hello!  Adam Bell - Associate Designer in charge of
Tradeskills :)
 
Vahlar: Oh ya. Some call me the Lore Lady...
 
Sprite: *Jenico* will this be the last expansion and how high do you
forsee the level cap going up to?
 
Vahlar: Nope. This is far from the last expansion. In fact, we're
always looking into the future to bring you newer and better
things...even things never tried in MMOs before.  The level cap is
always something we're looking as far as character advancement is
concerned, so I can pretty safely say that we'll take players beyond
level 70 at some point.
 
Sprite: *Kyden_ZEK* whats going on to prevent the use of MacroQuest2
on zek and other servers
 
Rytan: Although Zek is usually the place where much of the macroquest
and other hacking issues are first seen, its not the only place those
types of exploits are happening.  We have several members of the
coding staff that spent a great deal of their time foiling hacker
programs that can come up on any of the servers..  I cant speak to the
specifics of our action plan, but I can tell you that we are committed
to making EverQuest as hack free as we possibly can
 
Raghnell: Is Rytan ok?
 
Rytan: Speaking from my personal PvP experience, nothing makes me
madder then player using a hacker program to gain the upperhand.
 
Rytan: sorry guess I got cut off there "I cant speak to the specifics
of our action plan, but I can tell you that we are committed to making
EverQuest as hack free as we possibly can."
 
Sprite: *jisahl_fennin* will the new mount have the same speed as the
boar mount, or will this one be faster
 
Rashere: For the Prophecy of Ro warhorse, I'm planning to allow you to
turn in the claim item along with a normal bridle and receive a
warhorse that moves at the speed of the horse summoned by that normal
bridle.    So, you can either use the base speed warhorse or get
yourself a faster one through the turn in.
 
Sprite: *Croix_FV* Will progression through PoR be mainly instanced
with some static content, like DoD, or mostly static content, like the
PoP model?
 
Vahlar: The progression through this expansion is a pretty interesting
blend.  We've taken a different approach this time as there will be
some competition in some access and progression quests mixed with
instanced content so that at any given time guilds and players can
advance in several different ways.  You won't always need a raid to
complete all parts of the progression. Groups will also find content
that will allow them to progress and access zones.
 
Sprite: *Adraun_Xegony* regarding the abilty to destroy walls. How
exactly is this going to enhance gameplay. What purpose is in mind for
destroyable walls?
 
Rashere: These new destructible terrain features are really all about
interaction with the environment and letting players get more involved
with the world around them.
 
Rashere: For instance, in one of the news zones, you can take out
entire enemy encampments, tearing down their walls, tents, and even
destroying their siege weapons as you drive them off the battlefield.
You'll also find yourself assaulting a great keep, fending off enemies
while you work to destroy the doors to the keep and gain access to the
inner courtyard.
 
Rytan: plus kicking in a door is just cool.
 
Sprite: *Nemorath* Will PoR contain any new PC races? Specifically are
there any plans for new athropomorphic races like the Vah Shir?
 
Vahlar: We're always looking at options to liven up the game and bring
new content to new players and new options for our existing ones.  So,
yes, somewhere down the road it may happen, though we couldn't stick a
date on it.  As for the type of race, another race that's not strictly
humanoid is always an option.  Believe me, every time the subject
comes up, there's a huge variety of suggestions.  I won't tell you my
favorite except to say that it ticked...and
 
Rytan: is bixies!
 
Vahlar: ticked...and tocked.
 
Sprite: *Dexar* How many spells can we expect to see in PoR per
casting class, and what level range will they be?
 
Rytan: Each class is getting between 2-3 new spells and/or abilities
in PoR.  Several of these spells will be examples of the new trap and
sphere of influence system that is also a part of this expansion.  The
method of acquisition will be similar to the one used in DoDH and will
all be for level 70 characters.
 
Sprite: *Obsqura_AB* What kind of different high end raid type
missions/tasks/expeditions will there be from the Theater of Blood?
 
Rashere: We're actually going old school with Theater of Blood.  The
zone is set up to be reminiscent of the old Plane of Fear, a zone that
requires several groups to succeed in, but greatly rewards success. In
addition, there are a number of raid encounters through the other
expansion zones and several mini-boss encounters in Theater itself
that lead up to the actual final raid instance in Deathknell.
 
Sprite: *Shroudy* Many of us are reaching the limits of shrouds and
their abilities. To extend their usefullness and give us more reason
to continue to play them, will Prophecy of Ro provide any expansion
paths for Shrouds in the form of Gear or other abilities?
 
Rytan: We dont have any new shroud features planed for PoR, but we
would like to expand their functionality in the near future.  This
would probably take the form of new shrouds that could be unlocked as
higher tier shrouds, or even as quest rewards in some cases.
 
Rytan: There are however several new monster missions that are planned
for PoR that use a variety of new monster types that we think players
will very much enjoy.
 
Sprite: *Jenico* is it true that the skill level trival rate is going
to be raised?
 
Ngreth: If you mean, will the tradeskill level cap be increased, we
currently have no active plans to do so.  That does not mean we will
never raise the cap...
 
Sprite: *Dexar* With monster missions making exp so easy to get,
shouldn't we get more aa's in PoR?
 
Rashere: The XP gain from monster missions is tuned around them taking
about an hour to complete and rewarding about an AA to someone at
level 70.  In that time, you could gain several AAs in other zones.
The xp gain in a properly tuned monster mission is less than you'd get
elsewhere.  The problem we've run into is players finding ways to
complete these missions far faster than intended.  We're addressing
those specific instances and will be adjusting the xp
 
Rashere: We're addressing those specific instances and will be
adjusting the xp per mission to better fit how long they are actually
taking.
 
Sprite: *ocher* What do raiding guilds have to look forward to in this
new expansion?, and are the raids geared for anguish+ guilds ?
 
Vahlar: With each expansion we continue push the limits of the raiding
guilds as much as we can to provide new challenges and events to
conquer. And provide rewards. PoR is no different in that respect.
Each expansion's end-content will always take you that next step in
difficulty.  You won't be disappointed.
 
Sprite: *slacklikeme-DB-DRo* Is the buff filter going to be similar to
setup like the audio triggers?
 
Rashere: In order to block a future buff, all you'll need to do is
click a buff you have on you and choose the "Block this buff in the
future" option.  From that point forward, that buff will not be able
to land on you anymore.  There's another window you can bring up that
lists all the buffs you've blocked, so you can allow them to land
again in the future if you like.
 
Sprite: *Tet* Some middle range players might feel a tad overwhelmed
with the current number of AAs in the game and the levels, are you
holding back on AAs because of this?
 
Rashere: In general, we try to do AAs every other expansion to allow
time for people to catch up a bit.  It's definitely intimidating to
look at the ever growing list of AAs and realize how far you have to
go to get them all.
 
Sprite: *oiingo* With the new expansion's release just around the
corner, can we expect that the current version of the Demiplane of
Blood is likely how the zone will remain?
 
Vahlar: Yes, the zone will remain that way as part of the storyline
for DoD.  I will say though that PoR is an extension of the DoD
storyline and Mayong's influence on the world is only just beginning.
 
Sprite: *chellethecat* Rumor had been that we would be seeing new a
new class and possibly a new race with this expansion, but as this is
not the case, is this something we might be able to look forward to at
some point later on?
 
Rytan: A new race is definitely a possibility in the future, but I
very much doubt that well be adding any more classes to EQ.  Current
class balance issues are complicated enough without adding yet another
facet to an already incredibly complex system.
 
Sprite: *Yaxa* Lore question: Wasn'T Druzzil Ro orginally a Demi-God?
When did she ascend to full godhood?
 
Vahlar: Yes, Druzzil Ro was a demi-god, but through a variety of acts
and developments over time that I don't have time to discuss here, she
earned herself higher status.  I will try to discuss this on the EQ
Live lore boards if you want to post your question there as well.
 
Sprite: *[PVP]Pinhedd_ZS* the overall size of this expansion seems
somewhat small, is there anything else being done in order to entice
players into purchasing it?
 
Raghnell: With instancing the old way of using zone count as a measure
of expansion size is becoming less accurate.  There is a lot of
content in this expansion.
 
Raghnell: That being said we are also adding entire new ways to use
this content with traps and destructable objects.
 
Raghnell: We want to be careful about expanding the world too much in
zone size and try to concentrate of adding depth.
 
Sprite: *Obsqura_AB* Are there any plans to put any alternate
advancement points the Prophecy of Ro? I noticed that there was a post
saying there might be a few.
 
Rashere: I'm considering adding a few new AAs to support and enhance
the new features, like the player-set traps, but that would be the
extent of it.
 
Sprite: *dendory* do you plan to redo all of the old world / kunark /
velious? and increase the rate, since at the current pace we're
looking at a 30 yearsprocess?
 
Rytan: We do plan to redo as many of the old zones as possible when we
have time.  However, we also feel that players also want new areas to
explore, so its a question of balancing resources.  I think youll be
very happy with the improvements weve made in the Ro desert for PoR.
 
Raghnell: I would like to add one thing.
 
Rytan: Moving forward well most likely use that zone as the basis for
what a revamp should look like.  Assuming the feedback from the player
base is as good as it has been so far in beta.
 
Raghnell: Heck yeah we want to redo the whole world...but it might
take a while.
 
Raghnell: But definitely expect more revamps this year
 
Sprite: *Llaffer* Is something going to be done to make DoN Cultural
silk tailoring more in-line with the rest of the materials?
 
Ngreth: Yes.  On the top of my "As soon as I have time" list, is the
DoN cultural drop rate issue.  So it will be the first thing I work on
when I get a bit of time.
 
Sprite: *Kyvthulhu* It's been stated that Prophecy of Ro is going to
feature the "come back of the gods", noteably mentioning Rallos Zek
and Druzzil Ro, Rallos specifically asking for your aid against
Sullon.  Will there be advances in the story explaining Sullon's
personal background?  And will players who have factioned and now have
maximum Mayong Mistmoore faction be allowed to aid him?
 
Vahlar: The gods have turned their attention back to their children
and the mortals, but in the face of a threat to them and the world.
You don't actuallyhave the entire story in your question.  What
Norrathians are going to be asked to do is to make right what they
made wrong.
 
Vahlar: This story goes far beyond Sullon Zek.  It's a really
interesting and involved story.  And there are no plans to have anyone
be able to side with Mayong in the near term.  He's a threat to the
future of Norrath for the moment and even though you might consider
yourself an ally, he certainly doesn't seeyou the same way.
 
Sprite: *KyrosKran* Following up on Rashere's comment, will allowances
be made for knights with holy/unholy steeds to obtain the new warhorse
model?
 
Rashere: I'm hoping to be able to give knights a special upgrade to
their signature mounts, but I'm not sure its going to work out yet so
it will have to be a nice surprise if it does.
 
Sprite: *GneissGuy-Rathe* How does Prophecy of Ro fit in with the lore
of the prior expansion? Where are these new lands and missions in
relation to the rest of Norrath, and what's it got to do with
Freeport?
 
Vahlar: This expansion was actually created a little differently than
others in that it is a direct extension of the DoD story.  Mayong's
ascension is a great threat to all and parts of that story involve
every zone in this expansion.  Freeport was a good focal point for
this story to launch from with a connection between the Academy of
Arcane Sciences and Druzzil Ro and her Plane of Magic.
 
Sprite: *Egras_Zek* You mentioed a way to turn in old horse for new
style with /claim. Is this also the case for the Glowing Drogmor and
Seru Horse?
 
Rashere: I'm still debating on those.  Those are loot items that
represent a very specific creature, namely the fastest drogmor and
horse available to most players, so I'm not sure if you should be able
to turn those in and get a really fast warhorse instead.  If you have
a strong feeling about it either way, I'd encourage you to start up a
thread on the EQLive forums and voice your opinion.
 
prite: *KyrosKran* PoP included the seer to allow you to track your
progression.  GoD and later do not have such a tool.  Will there be
some way to track your PoR progression, and do you plan to add in such
methods of tracking for prior expansions?
 
Rashere: I'm still debating on those.  Those are loot items that
represent a very specific creature, namely the fastest drogmor and
horse available to most players, so I'm not sure if you should be able
to turn those in and get a really fast warhorse instead.  If you have
a strong feeling about it either way, I'd encourage you to start up a
thread on the EQLive forums and voice your opinion.
 
Rashere: lets try a different one...
 
Rashere: I don't think we've done anything nearly as complex as the
PoP progression recently.  It's a good idea, though, and something
we'll look into.
 
Sprite: *knight1b* HIi what would be some reasons for me to buy PoR
being a Non level 70 as it seems so far that all the content and new
items/ablitys are going to be restriced to level 70 players
 
Rashere: There's actually a sizeable amount of content in PoR for
people below level 70.  While the new zones themselves start at around
level 50, we've also added quite a bit of new content to instances
within Freeport that cater to a lower level crowd.
 
Sprite: *Elddar_Heart* question: How will the Elddar Forest be
accessible? Isnt the former Forest now the desert? Thanks (love the
lore in PoR keep it up)
 
Vahlar: With Druzzil Ro actively intervening in the affairs of
mortals, she has used her arcane power with the help of Tunare, to
open a portal through time to the pristine Elddar Forest that existed
prior to Solusek Ro raising the world and creating the Serpentspine
Mountains and dry the forest.
 
Sprite: *Leni* hi, i played eq pre velious, and stopped around
discord. when i left my char was deleted but i kept a 40ish sk on. i
tried to come back but i found leveling nearly impossible, espically
since i've moved onto wow. Has the level up progression to 60 (70 now
i guess) been simplied towards more solo players, and is the game
still gear based?
 
Rytan: Seeing as how youve been gone a while I think youll find that
theres a number of features that weve added along the way to make the
game more enjoyable and in many ways easier to find a group.  The
monster mission and shroud system with DoDH is one thing youll
definitely want to look at as an option for grouping and gaining
experience when you cant find like level players.
 
Rytan: In addition, we realize that there is a gap in the progression
curve between 20 and 50 that we very much need to remedy.  Wed like to
provide a new progression path for players to move towards the upper
levels of the game more easily and with more enjoyment.
 
Rytan: It's definitely a resource management issue, but we feel that
it's very important to show new players all of the more advanced
features that we've added to make EQ a better game over the years.
 
Sprite: That will wrap it up for tonight. Id like to thank the
developers for coming! The log for tonights chat will be up shortly on
http://eq.stratics.com
 
Sprite: Thank you all for joining us! You can join #EverQuest to chat
more about the game.
 
Raghnell: Thanks everybody!
 
Ngreth: Bye!  Have a great evening!
 
Vahlar: Thanks!


