From -7827176568940178690
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,264168e270c08b81
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-29 21:12:17 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "josh" <noemail@addy.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Magicians vs Necros
Date: Tue, 29 Jan 2002 21:09:12 -0800
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <u5f05g6qt0ikd4@corp.supernews.com>
References: <a37qc501qv8@enews3.newsguy.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 77
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:161986

If you really want to solo, necro... all the way.  not to say mage cannot
solo, they are rather good at it.  this thread will prolly end up being a
mage vs necro flame war, but whatever hehe.  i play a 60 mage and have a
necro friend.  here is why i say necro for soloing:

1. FD... feign death is a HUGE advantage over any class that does not have
it... you can explore more and do stuff that is normally very dangerous for
anyone without FD.  Say you're kiting and you get an add or two that you
can't handle... any other class you're pretty much gonna have to run for
zone or try to gate while you're pet is still alive.

2.  Lifetap.  this is great. many times ive taken enough hits with the mage
and after the end of a fight I've had to sit on my ass waiting for my life
to go up... with a necro, you just suck it out of your enemy... or just
safely suck it out of a green mob.. yes you can tap 1000 hp off a lvl 1 rat
even though he doesnt have 1000 hp =)

3.  Self Clarity... necros get call of bones at 34 (if i remember
correctly)... this is exhanges hp for mana (which you just get back after a
few lifetaps anyhow) and speeds downtime up tremendously.  Mages have to
wait till their 40s to get mod rods which give a mana back in exchange for
hp when you click on it, without the benefit of being able to lifetap to get
your hp back =/

4. You can solo very well without a pet. When you're soloing with a pet and
the pet does half or more dmg to the opponent, your pet gets a nice chunk of
that exp... 50% if im correct.  While you can dump mana in nuking to
outdammage your pet as a mage, its just not very mana efficient and you will
have long downtimes.  A necro can snare/root and drop a few heavy dots and
kill the enemy with ease without the pet and get 100% of the exp.

5.  Summon corpses..  Say you get smoked way down in guk or some other nasty
part of the zone.  Grab a coffin and just summon your corpse to your feet.
aka, lazy boy's cr.

The advantage mages have are they are more group oriented. they can summon
cute little things like arrows and bandages for people.  Their nukes also
make them more desirable in groups.  Necros are good in groups, better than
mages imo since they can play backup mezers if chanter dies... they can feed
mana to healers, they drop a lot of dmg in dots if the mobs have a lot of hp
and take more than a minute or so to kill.  they can fd if they get too much
agro.  unfortunately necros have problems getting groups even moreso than
mages since few people understand what they can do for the group.  Mages get
a kick ass spell at 55 too called Call of the Hero, or CoH/CotH for shot.
This allows the mage to summon a party member to their side.  Say a puller
goes far and gets too many adds and is dying... the mage can coh the puller
back to his side and clear aggro as well.   This is also extremely useful in
high level raids... since nobody ever shows up on time, you setup a CoH
chain where one person gates to zone and invites the late ppl then you CoH
them back to where your guild is camping.

hope some of this helps.

"Chaos" <fdsa@fdsa.com> wrote in message
news:a37qc501qv8@enews3.newsguy.com...
> Hey all,
> I got a couple questions for you awesome eq fanatics. First off, I have a
16
> Druid who, although is a lot of fun to play, isn't doing it for me right
> now. I like him a lot, but sticking to just one character ain't fun, I
want
> a bunch.
> So, I decided that I am tired of going with a healer type. Also, I really
> wanna solo, so I figure that narrows me down to a Magician, or a Necro (I
> really want a pet for once that doesn't turn on me in a few minutes)
> What are the pros/cons of these two classes, in comparison to each other.
I
> know the Necro is considered to be the soloing god, but why?
> Finally, for these classes, what are the best races? I am thinking dark
elf
> for both, but I dunno if I want to go over to the dark side just yet.
> Thanks for any responses or advice,
> Chaos
>
>




