From 8638891477531511266
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8f5eb1dc334d35b6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-24 17:44:59 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news-han1.dfn.de!news-lei1.dfn.de!newsfeed00.sul.t-online.de!t-online.de!skynet.be!skynet.be!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Well...should I start?
Date: Wed, 25 Sep 2002 00:44:03 -0000
Organization: Institute of Lawsonomy, Department of Suction and Pressure
Message-ID: <slrnap21mi.7ah.reply_in_group@tzs.net>
References: <%84k9.51$Kf1.129727@news.uswest.net>
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.7.4 (Linux)
Cache-Post-Path: tzs.net!unknown@tzs.net
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.3.3 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 68
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:233289

In article <%84k9.51$Kf1.129727@news.uswest.net>, Kyle wrote:
> kind of has me sold.  I can honestly say that I was REALLY into DAoC,
> Dungeon Siege, and Diablo II for a while but I never have even played
> Everquest.  I think now is the time because my computer isn't exactly a
> speed demon (Athlon 850MHz, 256MB PC133, GeForce2 64MB) and I kind of want
> a game with great gameplay to tide me over until I build my new computer
> in January.  By then I'll be ready for games like SWG, EQ2, and AC2.
> Thanks!

You can download a free trial version of EQ.  It just has the original three
continents, but will let you play for a month.  So, there is no reason not
to give it a try.

Here is what to expect.

1. You'll find EQ a lot more social than DAoC.  There are zone-wide
broadcast channels, and people chatter a lot.  DAoC is much more silent,
unless you are in a chatty guild.

2. Character differentiation in EQ relies more on equipment than it does in
DAoC.  So, where you spend your time in DAoC worrying about how to allocate
spec points, you'll worry in EQ about acquiring equipment.

3. EQ equipment can be "NO DROP", which means you can't give it away, trade
it, or sell it to a vendor.  You might find this to be an odd concept, if
you've not played a game that does this before.  (Hell, it IS an odd
concept).

4. Aside from fishing poles, EQ equipment lasts forever.  This means that as
people get better equipment, they often give their old equipment to their
low level alternate characters, or too friend's alts, or even to strangers
(except for the NO DROP stuff, of course).  Starting new, without friends
already playing to "twink" you, means you are going to be in equipment that
is significantly wussier than other low level people.  Just keep in mind
that when you see someone way better equiped than you, it doesn't mean
you've not done a good job of getting stuff.

5. There are two interfaces available for EQ.  I don't recall if the trial
version allows the new interface or not.  The old interface is pretty
primitive.  The new interface is nice.  By default, it is in many ways
reminiscent of the DAoC interface, and it is fully skinable, and many good
third party skins are available.  (DAoC still has way better mouse control
of the camera, though).  So, if the trial version doesn't allow the new
interface, don't let the interface turn you off.  You *will* like the new
interface when you get the full game.

6. Downtime.  EQ has a lot more downtime than DAoC (or pretty much any other
game).  A pure melee character in EQ, without being twinked significantly,
usually has a tough time soloing, because of the downtime--it takes a long
time to heal after a fight.  Casters do better, but still sit on their ass a
long time.  A caster fighting things that have relatively low HP for their
level is looking at 5 or 6 minutes, at least, sitting between fights getting
mana back.  If you like to solo, choose your class carefully.

7. Basic mob strategy is the same.  In both games, you'll find the roles of
tank, healer, crowd controller, etc..  Mob AI is quite a bit different,
though.  EQ mobs are noticably dumber, but are more likely to zerg you.

8. Tradeskills.  Want carpal tunnel syndrome?  Take up an EQ tradeskill.
However, since the best EQ equipment is mob-dropped, not player-made, there
is no compelling reason to take up an EQ tradeskill.  There are some quests
that involve items that you have to make using tradeskills, and some of
these items are NO DROP, so it is not pointless, but it is not necessary,
either.

I say go for it.

--Tim Smith


