From -8548257405680490866
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8a4c2a243ecd359d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-01-10 06:22:21 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!fr.ip.ndsoftware.net!news.primus.ca!news.primus.ca!nntp-post.primus.ca!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: Andar Broment <andar@iprimus.com.au>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.6b) Gecko/20031208
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: We Have Been Forsaken. (Jan. 10 Storyline Lore: The Pantheon Displeased)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.134.35.180
Message-ID: <40000a99_1@news.iprimus.com.au>
Organization: iPrimus Customer - reports relating to abuse should be sent to abuse@iprimus.com.au
Lines: 95
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: 127.0.0.1
Date: Sun, 11 Jan 2004 01:22:15 +1100
NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.134.67.67
X-Complaints-To: news@primus.ca
X-Trace: nntp-post.primus.ca 1073744265 203.134.67.67 (Sat, 10 Jan 2004 09:17:45 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 10 Jan 2004 09:17:45 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14851

The Pantheon Displeased

Kizrak the Tyrant, a champion of Rallos Zek, settled down for the night 
on a bed of concrete in Oggok, shunning creature comforts.  He lay there 
in the damp cold surrounded by dark stone walls with no blanket; no 
light.  He found solace in the irritation of the pinching plates of 
armor under his back.

As he did every night, Kizrak closed his eyes and relaxed his mind so he 
could properly focus on his prayers.  Having had an affinity for his god 
for hundreds of years, he found it easy to sense Rallos Zek as he 
prayed.  He fancied that, on occasion, he would have dialogues with his god.

As the clammy world around him faded from awareness, he felt himself 
fall into a state of ethereal openness.  He freed his mind's voice and 
began his prayer, asking Rallos Zek for the strength to continue to help 
any chosen warriors find their way to the Realm of Heroes through 
worship and war.

As he recited the prayer, he felt something out of the ordinary.  In his 
mind, the vast universe that Kizrak prayed into began to close in on 
itself.  He felt a strong presence.  A booming voice crashed through his 
subconscious.  It was Rallos Zek himself.

"There is no longer a place for mortals in the hearts or minds of the 
gods!  The insolence!  The arrogance of those that prayed to us and then 
dared to enter our homes and attempt to kill us!" the God of War 
bellowed.  "We turn our backs on you foul mortals.  We gave life.  We 
imbued our children with our own powers and we answered prayers.  Well, 
no more!"

"My almighty Warlord, what is your will? What would you have me do?" 
Kizrak asked through his thoughts.

"There is nothing to be done.  We have chosen to ignore the prayers, the 
sniveling, the begging," Rallos Zek roared.  "Mortals believe themselves 
powerful as gods, so much so that they challenge us.  Us!  So be it.  If 
they are so powerful, they have no need of us!  Hence forward, the 
prayers of our despicable children on Norrath will be ignored!"

As quickly as Rallos Zek's presence came, it left.  Kizrak's mind was 
immediately silent.

Kizrak sat up with a start and opened his eyes.  He knew all too well 
what the ire of the gods could bring upon mortals.  He had watched his 
own brethren, the ogres, reduced to slovenliness and ignorance for 
daring to attempt to usurp the power of gods.

The pantheon of Norrath had finally come to agreement on an issue -- 
that the arrogance of mortals, their own children, must be punished.

Kizrak, a devout warrior, wanted to let all of the foul mortals of 
Norrath know what they had done.  He left Oggok that night and wandered 
into the Feerrott toward someone he had all but forgotten.

"Drizda Tunesinger, I have a message for you and the Antonican bards to 
pass along to all Norrathians," Kizrak said.

Drizda, a messenger for the League of Antonican Bards for years, was 
extremely taken aback.  She had been dodging ogre bouncers for years in 
the Feerrott while delivering messages.  Now cornered by Kizrak, she was 
not about to argue.

"What words would you have me spread across the lands?" she said.

"You tell the arrogant and proud of Norrath that the pantheon is angry. 
  Mortals have become too bold in entering the planes of our gods.  The 
prayers of all Norrathians will no longer be answered.  Mortals will be 
punished for their arrogance," Kizrak bellowed.

"This cannot be true!  What of those who pray and give offerings to 
their gods?  What of the devout and loyal?" Drizda wept.

"Rallos Zek himself told me.  The actions of the many have outweighed 
the efforts of the few.  Tell them -- tell them all!  The children of 
the pantheon must walk alone," Kizrak said, abruptly turning and walking 
away.

Drizda quickly journeyed to Freeport to tell Felisity Starbright about 
Kizrak's news.  Felisity considered the information for a moment and 
then set to work to spread the news.  She had already heard rumors that 
week that some paladins in the Hall of Truth who called upon Mithaniel 
Marr for strength and guidance were getting nothing but silence in return.

With great sadness and worry in her heart, Felisity could not deny the 
validity of the tale.  With the help of her students in the Marsheart's 
Chords, over one thousand letters were crafted and put in satchels to be 
delivered to every city in Norrath by her network of bards.

------------

What to Expect? A letter in your inventory will probably appear on your 
cursor next time you log on. telling us more.

[PEQ]Muskie


