From -9128908324650622310
X-Google-Thread: fb739,701f7eb55d0a9af6,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!cyclone.bc.net!news-in.mts.net!news1.mts.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Mudd E. Bogg <fake@emailaddress.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Thinking of playing EQ for the first  time? Might want to check this out.
Message-ID: <5d9eg0pgf5gt24sn9f973ga4gi3l2dasqv@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.93/32.576 English (American)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 72
Date: Tue, 27 Jul 2004 23:23:34 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 207.161.59.67
X-Complaints-To: admin@mts.net
X-Trace: news1.mts.net 1090988697 207.161.59.67 (Tue, 27 Jul 2004 23:24:57 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 27 Jul 2004 23:24:57 CDT
Organization: MTS Internet
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11405

This was on the Betoxxlous Server:

While hunting in Rathe Mountains I pulled a Hill Gaint near the tower
to my group. I had hit it with the Necro spell 'Insideous
Retrogration' (sp) and was bringin it back. I noticed the mob's hp
were going down. This didn't bother me as it had happened before, I
just assumed an over eager player saw on and attacked without checking
to see if it was dmg'd first. Well instead of the little drop in hp
this was going down a little too much. I turned around and saw a tiger
pet attack my mob, then run off, then attack it again, and kill it.
Before I could type anything the owner, Lanla (63-65 beastlord), came
in and looted what should have been my kill. I did a /ooc asking them
not to killsteal. I then got a message from another person in zone
that they done the same to them twice. I suggested submitting a
/petition and got 'lmao Yeah right'. After thinking abut this I
decided thats about all its worth. So stupid me did a /who gm all and
saw 'GM_Raimeya'. I had the misfortune to summon this piece of work
regarding the ks. They came to zone I guess because I got a message
saying they (Lanla) were no where near me. At this time I had rooted a
hill giant on the side of the hill. I made it to the top and low and
behold, the killerstealer 'Lanla' was right there. I send the GM a
message saying they are right in front of me, but before I could
finish it the hill giant came and paid me a visit. I rooted it again,
moved a little ways away and sent the message to the GM. They replied
that I 'ran straight for them'. I may be over sensitive but this
sounds like they are accusing me of instigating the killsteal. First
off I had no idea where this person was I was more intent of bringing
home the hill giant for killing. Second if the GM had any sense they
would have realized that I couldn't see squat on the hill UNTIL I
stopped to answer their first message. I was originally at the bottom
when I rooted the hill gaint. When I got to the top, stopped, and
tried to reply the KS'er was in front of me, moving. The root let go
and I started to bring the mob over to my group and as my luck would
have it the tainted spawned dead on top of me. Now I had 2 mobs
beating on me real good. For the last time I rooted the Hill giant and
brought the Tainted to group. Sadly the root gave out yet again. I
made it to the valley but the tainted was on me as was a cyclops. I
managed to kill the tainted, another big mistake, as the corrpt spawns
right afterwards. With 31% health and jboot buff I turned to run to
zone. 2 stuns and a nice bunch of hits later I was at my bind point
naked. I sent a message to the GM explaining that my having to answer
the message got me killed as I wouldn't have been anywhere near the
tainted if I hadn't and could I get a 100% rez. No responce. about 5
mins passed and I made it back to my corpse. I did a /who gm all and
guess what. 'Raimeya' turned tail and hid. Good conduct for a GM. I
emailed Soe several times explaining this incident. Only respose was
the usual garbage form email stating URLs I should check out first,
none of which pertained to killstealing or death by GM. I finally sent
them an email stating I would not be renewing until this matter is
remedied to my satisfaction. 1 week later nothing. I sent them an
email saying I have uninstalled EQ, thanked them for allowing this
conduct online which is supposely against their own rules, and hoped
they enjoy losing a 'good' player due to the actions of a 'poor'
player and 'pathetic' GM. 

Its a no-win situation. To quote Wargames "The only way to win is not
to play at all"

No flames required, I don't need your synmpathy nor your ridicule. I
named these 2 and the server they are on for the benefit of others who
don't want this to happen to them. My quitting EQ was the only
sollution as Soe wouldn't even respond to me. This sucks since I blew
$70 on the software and too much on the monthly fees. Not to mention
the time 'invested'.

Thinking of play EQ, EQ2, or some other Soe game? Then be prepared for
situations like this and the Customer Support you get.

In the unlikely event I actually do get a 'non-form' email from Soe I
will post it minus my name and email addy for your perusal.

Have fun and stay the hell away from anything Soe produces!


