From -4871003422381336421
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d98e4c72713413da
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-28 06:51:12 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: k2wrpg@hotmail.com (William Sattler)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Need more quests that suck up cash
Date: 28 Dec 2001 06:51:11 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 125
Message-ID: <13e83210.0112280651.45cc8b37@posting.google.com>
References: <d2zU7.1257$Ya1.721816@paloalto-snr1.gtei.net> <3C2473A3.3000704@hotmail.com> <VJGV7.5331$2q2.603949083@newssvr17.news.prodigy.com> <13e83210.0112271453.1e729851@posting.google.com> <3C2BAB6B.444B473E@2omar2world2.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.34.197.69
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1009551072 15951 127.0.0.1 (28 Dec 2001 14:51:12 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 28 Dec 2001 14:51:12 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:151419

Well, I think the problem we see in Norrath is that everyone there is
paying dollars to play, and since everyone is paying who want to pay
money to have a player that is the Norrathian equivalent of a burger
fliper. Everyone is paying and figures that they disserve some level
of coolness for their dollars.

Personally I'd like to be a farmer in The Commonlands or Karana, but
can I do that? No. Ok, guess I'll have to settle for being a merchant.
But even this is hard because near infinite supplies of raw materials,
and a limited demand. See the problem with trade skills is that they
are far too easy to learn. If everyone has > 50 tailoring skill then I
can't make money selling bandages. See a real economy can only support
so many people with a specific trade skill. If many people obtain a
skill the market becomes flooded and no longer profitable. People stop
practicing the skill because the investment no longer has a return.

In Norrath though you can become an accomplished baker by just
starting in Freeport at level 1 save all your batwings and fish, and
make fish rolls, and you haven't invested much of anything (other than
your time but its a game so that doesn't count). People don't stop
working on their baking when there are already lots of bakers. Since
many people are proficient in many trades they can make almost
anything they need and don't need to rely on another&#8217;s skill. BY
allowing a player to only choose two or three trade skills (as few as
possible to force dependence on others, but enough to allow career
flexibility.) You force a dependence on others.

Here is the trouble. If a world requires other players to have a
healthy economy, than the first few players will have a miserable
experience because the economy is bad. So now you don't retain
players. The population never grows beyond the point needed to support
a healthy economy. So we perform a little trick here skills must
degrade if you don't use them. Then you make the number of skills you
can improve a function of population. The greater the worlds
population the few skills you are allowed to develop. This allows
early players to get by and have a reasonable gaming experience but
allows the trade skill system to correct itself as more players
arrive.

As far as a finite amount of wealth well, if the amount never grew
then there would be problems because the number of players would grow,
but the money wouldn't. So we again fix that by making the total
amount of wealth a function of population. Now these are just
discussion numbers and they don't mean a thing. Say a complete set of
the best equipment costs 10K, but there is only 5K per player in the
world. This makes it very hard for a player to get the best stuff.
(this is good because it gives high levels something to work for that
they are unlikely to obtain, combined with deterioration of items,
hard to maintain.) So as long as total wealth is a function of
population inflation is stopped dead in its tracks. This allows the
population to grow. This is probably a good time to point out that the
quantity of money in a system is not related to the health of an
economy. The amount of time spent performing labor is a far better
measure. The cost of an item is not measured in dollars or plat, but
instead the amount of time required to create that item. The shorter
the time required, the healthier the economy. A real world example of
this is the American economy during WWII. During the war, production
skyrocketed. Why? Because unemployment dropped like a rock. Prior to
the war near half the population didn't work, but during the war Rosie
the Riveter went to work and the amount of available work hours
doubled. (Thanks Rosie!) Because there were more hours of labor,
America was able to produce previously unimaginable quantities of
goods. With this in mind it is obvious that anything you can do in
Norrath to promote players to spend more time on a trade skill, and
less time on Kill/Loot the healthier the economy will be.

What is the best way to encourage a player to do something? Give them
Experience points for it. You could have a player that is level 50,
but has never left Qeynos. They might be a master baker and brewer,
but have no combat skills. The assumption that most RPG designers make
is that you have to fight to improve. This is wrong. Usually just
about every other problem in an RPG can be traced back to this.

Anyway as far as running simulations to test these things, well I
don't quite have enough code written to test this yet, but the more I
talk about it with different role players, the more theories I have to
test when the system is mature enough. I am hypothesizing that the
greater the population the more complex and economy has to be to be
healthy. If this turns out to be true things like trade skills will
have to be affected by population to simulate a healthy economy.

One word of warning when and if i get a system running I highly doubt
I'll be able to convince people to pay for it. This means the
motivations of players in my simulation will likely be quite different
than those of Norrathians. For example my players might be willing to
be farmers and laborers, but Norrathians who pay money might not find
being a virtual farmer should cost $10 a month. With this in mind any
'discoveries' made in a free RPG about the economy may not apply to a
pay RPG like Everquest.


-Will

TwoHead <th@2omar2world2.com> wrote in message news:<3C2BAB6B.444B473E@2omar2world2.com>...
> William Sattler wrote:
> 
> Interesting points, but now you've primed my pump and will have to
> endure commentary and questions sprinkled below...
> 
> "Nickle and diming" if you actually mean it that way is probably better
> than a few major cash sinks, with all players subject to costs of living
> rather than only those who pursue the goal of major sinks.  Tie
> combating item deterioration into a skill system and it allows you to
> foster trade skills as required in the world rather than just for fun
> and enables those of that mindset a method of play other than kill/loot.
> 
> Perhaps a system where NPCs could perform maintenance with much higher
> costs for the antisocial or trade skilled players perform the same
> service at marketable rates, but they in turn require crafted or
> purchased materials for the task.  In effect a warrior needing his
> shield repaired then leads to an armsman needing to purchase metals
> which leads to.... (smelters, miners, etc.)  Now you have not only a
> cost in coin to the owner of the item, but a chain of folks required to
> complete the task each needing to invest in materials and supplies to do
> their part of it.
> 
> So in using this system you are of course also putting a hard cap on the
> number of players in a given world?  Seems that with a finite resource
> scheme you have control over the other parts of the equation, but with
> the number of players infinite problems arise.  Are you running numeric
> simulations to test your theories for the system you are building?  Even
> with an upper limitation I would be curious to see what the effects of a
> very small and very large population have on the systems balance.
> 
> th


