From 7930624796411408566
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,16f8284ca9caef57,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-11 04:00:46 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Iksar 101. The Basics?
Date: Mon, 11 Feb 2002 06:55:57 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C67B14D.48510646@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 66
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:165344


No, I'm not teaching it. I'm asking. ;-)
Been populating the Innoruuk server lately with a series of useless
characters that I'm basically using to try out some race and/or class
combos I didn't get around to before. Started a Leezard warrior as my
very first Iksar. (Yeah, I know, warrior... blah.) So two quick
questions:

First, it seems your initial armor as a penniless newbie with no
twinking resources is Cur Scale. (More on that later. Great quest!) But
I don't know what types of armor leezards can or normally do wear. Not
sure if they get patchwork or some equivalent? What's generally the next
step up, either crafted through trade skills or hunted for? 

Second, the inevitable "where to hunt" question. My warrior is about to
level five and I know the decaying skellies, cur scale pups, scorpions
and bugs are going to start greening out soon. I'm in Field of Bone near
the guards. I dont' feel like dealing with faction issues, so I'll just
stay on Kunark. Do you go further into FoB for a while, and then maybe
Kurns? Swamp of no hope? I know zero about the newbie/lowbie areas of
Kunark as I didn't come there till post 30 with my other characters.

Third, I'm already doing (or working towards) the curscale armor quest,
the partisan quest to upgrade your pike, and the quest for the shield.
(Two of which also give you a nice eight slot backpack for free, he he).
Any other reccomendations for really good quests in the level 5 to 10
range that pay off like these do?
........
(end of annoying questions)
Some initial observations on Iksar and Kunark in general for anyone else
being a n00b there:  First off, I love the natural regen and starting
swim skill of 100. Down time is even lower in the newbie levels. 

Second, Kunark newbies actually get some USEFUL *gasp* quests at the
beginning levels! I was in shock! That curscale armor can get you some
decent newbie gear right from level one with a minimum of risk and
hassle, each turn in is *still* giving a couple blue bubs of xp at level
4, if you get a duplicate item you can sell it back immediately for a
gold and some silver, PLUS getting a gold and some silver just for doing
the turn in. (The pelts only sell for five copper to a merchant, so
eight of them would only net you 4 silver.) I've already saved up a few
PLAT off this quest at level 4, and have four pieces of differnt slots
armor, with a couple duplicates sold back.

There's also a quest for a shield you can do, supposedly at level five,
if I can ever find some damn large scorpions.  And all these quests give
positive faction hits with like four different Cabilis factions.

That's another thing. I haven't explored the whole place yet, but
Cabilis just feels so much more like a "unified brotherhood" for the
leezards. I haven't run into any equivalent of the Freeport tunnels or
Qeynos sewers where you have to worry about getting ganked in your own
home town. I like that. And Kunark seems to have been designed such that
a young broodling could go all the way from level one to sixty without
leaving the continent if they dont' want to deal with faction issues in
foreign lands.

All in all, I wish I'd started a lizard a long time ago. Lots of fun!
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
Braellaen: "Does anyone know the approx hit points of a rhino?"
Kirstin: "7. But they're *big* HP."

Thurgadin Quest Armor Guide:
http://myweb.servtech.com/~thegeorg/eq/thurgadin.htm


