From 2391154554015364704
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3fcbb79bd0587e39,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!news.moat.net!lon-transit.news.telstra.net!lon-in.news.telstra.net!news.telstra.net!news-server.bigpond.net.au!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Hicks" <nospam@forme.plz>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Weekend raids
Lines: 97
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1437
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1441
Message-ID: <ro3Pc.26834$K53.10938@news-server.bigpond.net.au>
Date: Sun, 01 Aug 2004 10:14:47 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.45.11.36
X-Complaints-To: abuse@bigpond.net.au
X-Trace: news-server.bigpond.net.au 1091355287 203.45.11.36 (Sun, 01 Aug 2004 20:14:47 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 01 Aug 2004 20:14:47 EST
Organization: BigPond Internet Services
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11969

It began in Barindu...du...du...du...du...

Anyhow, we had decided to take out Ikaav Ixvet Pox (probably since she's won
the Dumb Raid Target Name comp for the last 3 months running). Having wiped
to the Colossus of War last week (I wasn't there, no wonder we wiped), we
were armed with a call for vengeance and the apprently certain knowledge
that if you kill the two controllers within 5 seconds of each other, the
Colossus doesn't agro.

Our MT finally hit 10k hitpoints on this raid, and I surprised myself with a
solid 8k for the first time ever (strangely, 9k is looking more achieveable
than 8k did when I first hit 7k).

Anyhow, instead of an invis period we just cleared all the way to the
relevant temple. This was a little harder than most of the clearing we've
done before, since the Barindu mobs actually hit hard enough to risk
people's lives, and we even had a few deaths - myself amoung them (had one
on me and pulled an unslowed off a caster as well, nobody slowed it and my
druid healer was either out of range looking for me in the wrong place, or
just couldn't keep up with the damage being done)

In due course, however, we reached the temple and our raid leader (chanter)
targeted one tank on each of the golems inside. (Construct of War I think
they're called). I then spent the next few minutes while the temple was
cleared unable to target anything else for fear of losing my golem. Once
cleared, the eloquent "CHARGE" was called, and we rushed in to meet our
destiny.

I immediately found myself with three of the things on me, which ate half of
my HP bar before you could say "That boy needs therapy". Our druid threw a
heal on me, and was rewarded with a profound pounding. I then discovered a
most curious thing about these golems. I would almost certainly be one of
the highest agro tanks in my guild. When grouped with any other main tank I
have to tone down my pure DPS activities or obtain constant agro lock by
accident. When deliberately putting out agro, the mob invariably only has
yes for me. Not so these golems. I threw the book at them - snares, nukes,
hideous dots, and fear. Nothing worked. I may's well have been a 55 ebay
warrior with non-proccing weapons and no taunt key. I was being beat on most
of the time, but not always by *my* golem, and I frequently lost agro on him
to a healer or slower or some other target. In fact, they were running
around the place in a manner totally chaotic - or dare I say discordant.

That first time, we wiped. I went down shortly after my healer, and I don't
think we even had them all slowed. A chain reaction ensued, which ended with
a short range CR and wipe-recovery. Oh my god the insane boredom.

Anyway, on attempt #2 we assigned not only a tank but a slower to each of
the golems. If you haven't done this event yet but plan to, targeting a
slower is more important than a tank on these guys, and frankly you may's
well forget tanking and target EVERYBODY bar the other five slowers on the
first golem and take them down one at a time, accepting what deaths occur.
We more or less did this, except we also tried to offtank the other five. I
was able to confirm my suspicions about agro during this attempt, however my
target fell over in due course and the rest followed. We ate a lot of
deaths, but perhaps half our force remained standing at the end. The other
nice difference was that they were all at their spawn points when we ran in,
and agrod one by one instead of meeting us in the hall and showering us with
gifts of welcome and love.

We then cleared the Pox's room, and moved in. Our raid leaders informed us
that we would be taking the controllers down in a controlled DPS manner,
with a view to killing them as simultaneously as possible. Only a
near-simultaneous kill of these guys would prevent the Colossus of War from
attacking. After a really quite involved process of tearing these guys down
to 50%, then 10%, 5% and 1%, we achieved that near-simultaneous kill. I was
watching, and if there was more than 2 seconds in it, you can dress me in
green tights and call me a ranger.

Colossus of War then proceeded to agro. I would infer from this one of the
following possibilities:

a) you need to kill the controllers within 1 second of each other, or closer
b) the information that killing them simultaneously prevents Colossus from
agroing is in fact bullshit
c) the information used to be true, but the encounter has been changed
d) profound bad luck/bug/the unexpected

Anyhow, although the fight was medium in length (that is to say, about 0.2
THO's long) Colossus went down like a free drink. Ms Pox followed with
barely a whimper. We were using a 5-cleric chain and it looked easy. Not
that I was watching the MT's hp bar.

Some interesting loot landed including an all/all piece that was actually an
upgrade for me, so I put in and as expected, lost.

We then ate two other named who dropped relative crap, and ported out.

Our guild raids generally friday and saturday nights at 7pm EST. This,
unfortunately translates into 9am saturday and sunday mornings for me,
meaning I either miss one of the raids or go completely insane. As such I
missed the sunday one this morning, but I came back from dinner at a
friends' place saturday night to find an impromptu raid in progress. The
gang had just eaten Korucust in ChardokB, and were headed to a BoT tower to
eat Auliffe Chaoswind. If I've got time, I'll post that one too :>





