From -6696643045594496724
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,336ad2ac35f3acfb
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-25 18:51:35 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: yllaena_maelwaedd@hotmail.com (Yllaena Maelwaedd)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Question on the value of Wizards
Date: 25 Feb 2002 18:51:34 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 179
Message-ID: <fff50528.0202251851.7a0011c3@posting.google.com>
References: <nXGd8.10358$xs1.2995373@news1.news.adelphia.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.250.112.134
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1014691895 13861 127.0.0.1 (26 Feb 2002 02:51:35 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 26 Feb 2002 02:51:35 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:169832

Hi all. I've been lurking a while and this looked like as good a time
as any to delurk. :)

I'll probably cover off on stuff a few others have, but wanted to give
my perspective as a Level 52 Wizard anyway...

> IMHO wizards are good for 2 things.  They have no flexability nor offer
> anything but raw power for end game use only and emergency exits when it
> hits the fan for groups.

My general comment here is that there's a bit of a dichotomy going on
with these statements. On the one hand there's the implied wish for a
Wizard's raw power and evacuation facilities, while on the other hand
there's an implied reluctance to include them in your levelling
groups. A Wizard could probably solo to the end-game you talk about,
but they're likely to have no grouping and indoor-fighting skills at
all, and thus prove more of a liability to you than an asset. Help a
Wizard to learn the necessary grouping and fighting skills, and make
use of those skills when you *really* want them. If you don't, someone
else might, and who do you think that group-smart (we hope!) Wizard
might team up with later on? Just food for thought, anyway.

> They are great soloists -- quite easily out performing druids -- though
> druids are more famous (infamous) for this.

I was a bit of a slow learner at the soloing game. It wasn't really
until 42 that I took it up in earnest, so while YMMV these are my
observations. Soloing Levels 1 to 28 is almost exclusively
root-bombing, a less-than-reliable method. I've read about Wizards
quad-kiting slow MOBs like beetles and such at Level 16, and maybe
I'll start a project Wizard just to see how it would go. In my
opinion, any Druid would have out-soloed me during those levels.
Easily. They get SoW and Snare; we get a Root that'll probably break
when we nuke and has a chance to break every tick anyway. Soloing gets
easier for us at 29 when we get our snare, and again at 34 when we get
Circle of Force (gives us a decent quadding spell, assuming we have
the mana to launch enough of them; I never did), again at 44 with
Conflagration (which I fell in love with immediately), and once more
at 51 with a better AE snare and Pillar of Frost. In my opinion, we
don't really get a good opportunity to out-solo Druids until 51.
(Maybe I'll run that project Wizard one day and see if that opinion
survives the experience.)

But there is a couple of things I found with soloing (which has taken
about 80% to 90% of my time since about 42).
First, it can get deadly boring. Maybe it was me, but single-kiting
stuff near KC in DL, while it may have been an effective way to grind
through 45 (and 46-50 for that matter), got a bit tired. Dinging 46
was a bloody relief, let me tell you. I started soloing because I got
sick of a) shouting lfg (which is a very poor way for a Wizard to get
a group, I found) and b) running from group to group looking for a
spare spot. I found soloing to be not as hard as I thought, and
reasonably good for xp. I sort of just got stuck into the rut of
soloing and stopped looking for groups, which often broke up and
involved downtime trying to re-form, and... ah bugger it, I'll just go
solo instead.
(Since 51, however, soloing got all exciting again, but that's another
story.)
Second, and far more importantly IMO, one's group skills can get
rusty. Mine did. I soloed too much. I think I grouped a lot better in
my late 30s than I do now, although lately I've made the effort to
group more and get unrusty. I still want to nuke the crap out of a MOB
instantly, and have to restrain myself. My soloing involves making
sure a MOB (or 4) is aggroed on me, so it follows me and stays in
casting range. It would get me killed in encounters requiring a group.
So I have to get back into the don't-piss-off-the-MOB-too-much mindset
in serious encounters. (Of course I just have fun with Supernova or
PoF on trivial encounters. :P)

> In groups I usually prefer a magician over a wizard because a wizard just
> doesn't offer that much vs a mage.  A mage adds a tank to the group (via
> pet), has very powerful nukes and a great damage shield.  A wizard offers

With the exception of Levels 34 through 38, I think we always have
bigger nukes. I think ours are also always faster and more
mana-efficient, too. Over a long enough period of time, the difference
isn't probably too significant because we're both limited by the same
mana regen factors. Over very short periods of time, however, the
difference might be significant. In 10 to 15 seconds I expect I might
land more nukes, for more damage, and with less mana than a Mage. It
might be important with a bad pull situation.

> snare and the ability to nuke ONLY when the thing is almsot dead anyway.  If

I've broken myself of the habit to get in the kill-shot. I used to try
for it so that people would see that I'm contributing. Frankly, I
think I contribute more by accelerating a MOB's progress to its
fleeing stage and then sitting down again to meditate. A fleeing MOB
isn't hurting anyone and is usually a waste of probably any caster's
mana. (Note: I've not experienced a Flurrying or Rampaging MOB, so I
bet I've got more learning to do...)

But we don't only bring nukes and snares to the table. As for our
snares, though, I'll say this: they can be more useful sometimes than
a Druid's. Our snares are AE snares; in an over-pull, I can drop a
snare in the melee area and peel off unwanted MOBs and park them
somewhere, or kite them about. One snare, and I can aggro 3 out of 4
MOBs. Indoors, however, you'll want a Druid's snare as I'm just not
going to have the room to muck about like that. :)
We can dispell damage shields. If your other casters are busy DSing,
healing, mezzing, snaring, or whatever, I can strip a DS and save them
the trouble. (I did find, though, that a well-equipped Warrior and
Rogue just made this unnecessary at times.)
Give me a SoW, and I'll pull. I've got my wedgie-stick, so I can aggro
anything on the fly and probably bring it back quicker than just about
anyone. Of course, anyone else with a right-click insta-cast
aggro-inducer can do exactly the same thing. But it's just another
thing we can do.

> I use my druid, the evac can be handled by me vs a wizard.  If my enchanter

As someone else pointed out, I'm not going to drop your half-dead
Innoruuk-worshipping Necro right on top of a bunch of Druids. :)

We also get more evacuation options. I think all Druid Circle spells
have a cast time of 16 seconds. Our Portal spells also have a
16-second cast time, but our Evacuate spells have a casting time of 9
seconds. That's less time available for a MOB to interrupt our
evacuation procedure. There is a slight chance that Evacuate will
leave someone behind -- happened once; I left the Cleric behind in
Kael -- but honestly, the extra 7 seconds for the Portal would
probably have seen the Cleric dead anyway along with the rest of us,
too.
(Yeah, we decided to have an evac ready in Kael because there was only
one group of us having a bit of a poke about near the Arena.)

> is running the group, I usually don't worry about the evac or I'll get a
> druid to handle it so we have a healer / buffer there as well as nuker...

I'd be a bit uncomfortable with the notion of "Enchanter here; we
don't need an evac". True, they have the ability to reduce the
probability of needing one, but that probability is always non-zero,
say, in single-group dungeon-crawls. It's always nice to have the
option.

> My reason for asking is, of late, I've been running more and more groups
> with my Druid and Enchanter.  In these groups I hold a biase against Wizards
> due my perception of their weak offerings to a group.  They just don't seem
> to be as valuable as other classes so if offered the choice between a wzard
> vs a magician or necromancer or druid or shaman -- I'd usually go with
> almost any other class.  Their end-of-fight nuking is just to low a priority
> to worry about.
> 
> I'd just like a better picture of where they fit in because they don't
> strike me as all that great a group char (only real value is transport to
> planes and the like).

There's one type of group where Wizards really shine: a PBAE group.
For example, take a Bard, 2 Enchanters, and 3 Wizards into LGuk or
Seb. Buff up the Bard and send her out to pull a big train back to the
group. The 2 Enchanters chain-cast their AE stuns until the group
decides they have enough MOBs, then the Wizards unload with their PBAE
spells. I'd guess that PBAE groups are doable in many places. They're
a bit unconventional, though. You can substitute one or more Wizards
with Mages, or even Clerics and Druids, but at the cost of some
efficiency.

> Thanks in advance for helping me better understand this class because I'm
> fairly sure I'll be hearing about my misconceptions on this subject... ;)

So much depends on what you want in a group. If you want a highly
efficient, chain-pulling, one-MOB-at-a-time, outdoors group, then you
can certainly do without a Wizard in the group. It's more efficient to
not have us there.
If you want to go and beat stuff up with a group of friends, then they
could all be Wizards and you'd still have fun.
If you want to learn how to work with a Wizard, then grouping with one
is a good start.
Want to give PBAE a go? We do that rather well, especially at higher
levels.
We can pull aggro real quick to give your Cleric and Enchanter a bit
of breathing room to get on with getting the rest of the situation
under control.
If you're expecting a ride home (say, from Seb entrance) and don't
have a Druid handy, well...

I hope I've given you some insights into what else we can do apart
from med-stand-nuke-sit-yawn. In fact, that's probably the one thing
we don't do very well at all.


