From 4953445320972807749
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a03b81d724279132
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-18 11:20:41 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Ray Miller" <kaynekayne@bigfoot.removethis.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Is Verant feeling some Presure?
Date: Thu, 18 Oct 2001 13:15:32 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <tsu7bp8m972jb5@corp.supernews.com>
References: <tspbpesee8f3a9@corp.supernews.com> <pGiz7.522346$Lw3.31869507@news2.aus1.giganews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 108
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:127497


"Dan Harmon" <deharmon@bigfoot.com> wrote in message
news:pGiz7.522346$Lw3.31869507@news2.aus1.giganews.com...
>
> "Eq Caster" <None> wrote in message
> news:tspbpesee8f3a9@corp.supernews.com...
> > Is Verant feeling the pressure of DAOC already? People have been asking
> for
> > a European Sever for over a year and a half Now that DAOC comes out,
> Verant
> > relinquishes control and allows a new Server in UK.
>
> If I recall correctly DAOC recently announced an upcoming Euro server as
> well.
>
> Assuming - just for shits & giggles - that your conspiracy theory is
correct
> that one game is setting up a Euro server because the other game is, why
are
> you assuming that it was DAOC's idea or implementation first?  Which
company
> do you work for that you'd have such impressive inside information.
>
> In other words, shut the fuck up, no one cares about your paranoia.
>

I don't understand this extreme cynicism toward posts alluding to
competition for EQ, or why people take the time and effort to write posts
telling other people that "no one" is interested in what they have to say.
My first impulse would be that it is some sort of sensitivity about the
state of a game which has, in a sense, become much more than a game to its
players based simply on the amount of time they've invested in it.  However,
in your particular case, Dan, I can't really see that this would apply as
you are a DAoC player yourself, or if not, I've at least seen you in the
newsgroup and have made the assumption that you are.

As for inside information.  Though it is unlikely, it would be much *more*
likely for this person to have inside information pertaining to these games
than it would for you to have inside information as to whether or not anyone
cares about this person's post, or "paranoia" as you choose to call it.

A good discussion about the pressures of competition between two popular
MMORPGs is very relevant to this newsgroup and certainly may be of interest
to many of its readers.  From this discussion could stem conjecture and
ideas about upcoming patches spawned by this pressure and competition and a
fruitful discussion about the "state of the union" of all relevant games,
among other things.

Why this hostility toward this person and this accusation of paranoia?

At any rate.  I agree.  I am certain that VI feels pressure from the release
of DAoC.  Along these same lines, I imagine that VI's decision to hide the
player count of the servers is in direct response.  DAoC has boomed
dramatically in a very short time.  In VI's case I think it is very
important to them, at this point, to let neither the competition nor its own
customer's know the extent to which DAoC's release affects their customer
base.  Actually I believe VI has outright said such a thing regarding the
competition but not regarding the customers, as many consumers are akin to
sheep flocking to a bigger better deal.  Whether that deal actually *is*
better or not, the mere impression is often enough.  So, while many EQ
players laugh off the threat of a mass migration of some sizable percentage
of the EQ customer base to DAoC, I think VI takes such a threat very
seriously and sees it as a very plausible happenstance.  VI wants to hide
from Mythic the correlation between their (Mythic's) ideas and VI's customer
base.  Certainly a smart move, since DAoC is essentially the first threat of
real competition to arise.  I'm sure VI had informants in DAoC's beta and
was well aware of the quality release with which they were about to have to
contend.

While Mythic, I'm sure, very much wants its players and potential players,
though not necessarily it's competition (if there was a way to distinguish
between the two, I think they would have employed it) to know how many
customers it has acquired in this short time.  It's an impressive figure,
and they should be proud of it and use it to its fullest marketing
advantage.

As for the Euro server, Dan has an excellent point here.  There is no
telling who's idea was first.  It was very likely VI's, which Mythic caught
early on and simply worked on from the beginning.

DAoC is very obviously a clone of EQ.  Personally, at this stage, I feel
that it is superior.  The reason, I'm sure, is that Mythic had some years to
learn from any mistakes and successes of EQ.  Hopefully VI will return the
favor and steal some successful ideas back.  Hopefully they've got a few
surprises up their sleeve for Luclin, or soon after, that they haven't told
us about.  Even if not, Luclin will most likely put them back ahead on the
graphics front.  Although I've heard that Mythic is already working on an
expansion with a graphics overhaul.  (hopefully with more land too)

Also, Mythic's idea of keeping the entire development team on as the live
team was a bold and outstanding move.  Hopefully the will continue to be
able to afford to do so.

I'd like to see both games steal NWN's idea of having combat animations look
like actual combat vice flintstone boxing where each opponent takes turns
swinging their club in a repetitive fashion.  I saw some video footage of
NWN with a player and an NPC engaged in a sword battle complete with sword
clashes, parrys, feints, etc.  It actually looked like a sword fight.  That
would be a very nice touch.

The bottom line here is that healthy competition is a good thing.  And
really there is absolutely no reason why a person can't play and enjoy both
games.  Now that we have two serious contenders, let the battle begin.  :)

Best Regards





