From 1528708089069578336
X-Google-Thread: fb739,246a8b1c17807db,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2006 07:42:21 -0500
Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2006 08:42:16 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: MT
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <b8OdnZxGfu2w-XnZnZ2dnUVZ_s-dnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 126
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.48.203
X-Trace: sv3-tP9edECrG29EnLWae2mLi5yOX76sJ2MPVWNbmulK65tdVuYpKLi8ckgMRFKer/AgVi7eLpO7h0A/Fs6!UbrEEO8yMu44burweDfM7jqiNPbwD1OXunonh5gAcTBga/bKaBYd09RDSrxayBCmUF/SWTBUNI+h!38joAhUDe1w=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3561

A few days ago, there was a "straw that broke the camel's back" incident 
in the guild I was in.  I had logged on to find a raid already in 
session, and no way to get me in (which isn't a big deal, although I was 
mildly annoyed since I'd given three seperate guild mages copies of 
COTH, which is currently selling for more PP than my character has had, 
total, in his life)

Well I'm listening in to about half the chat (I'm not in raid, so I miss 
that, and haven't joined the raid chatter channel, I'm just getting the 
guild part) and talk in tells with a couple buddies.  I'm congradutating 
them, in tells, on the fact that nobody has quit the guild during the 
raid when... boom, the only one of the officers that has struck me as 
having a clue, quits.

I'm not involved, I don't even know the reasoning behind him quitting. 
But honestly, every single raid they've had, someone quits.  People have 
recently been promoted to officer who aren't even capable of playing 
their class and are on my "do not group" list.  Decisions at the very 
top seem... incompetant or worse.  There are a lot of good people in the 
guild, and there's been nothing specific done to me... but its too much. 
  By the time I've decided on this, they've wiped and are on CR, and I 
don't feel like adding to the drama, so I log out and wait till morning, 
when I drop out quietly.

I'm guildless for a day, and end up grouping with people who are either 
still in the guild or who have left recently themselves; we're all 
agreed basically that its a fine bunch of people with bad leaders, and 
there doesn't seem to be any animosity towards the people who've left.

But the next day, I'm contacted by a guy who left shortly after I did, 
and joined a guild full of other people I've grouped with a lot, so 
often that I'd applied in the past and ended up having to make a hard 
choice between that guild and the one I did join.  He'd been in the 
other guild in the past, jumped ship for the apparantly greener pastures 
of the one I'd gone with... and now decided to go back.

SO I join up, chat with some of the people I know from there and used to 
group with a lot.  A couple of us (a couple SK, so hardly an ideal 
partnership, but something) are in SF slowly hunting when someone says 
Cazel is up.  There's also a non raid forming for Hate to farm armor 
drops, but since its not a raid, and hardly anything drops in Hate for 
an SK, I figure they'll get a warrior or two to handle tanking.  But I 
dash for SRo to help with Cazel... and we arrive too late, he's 
despawned.  While I'm figuring that out, I get a raidinvite; seems like 
overkill to Raid for Cazel, but ok.  AH, no, its for the hate raid, I'd 
forgotten that SRo is the usual form up for that.

Well I'm chatting back and forth in tells with a couple people in the 
raid, trying to figure out whats going on.  I'm pretty much about to 
drop out, since they have almost five groups and don't intend to take 
any hard targets; they shouldn't need my relatively paltry DPS.  Raid 
leader asks me, in tells, if I mind being MT.

Well that changes everything.

Its my observation that SK don't get that duty very often, and I take it 
when its offered.  I look thru raid and I'm one of the highest level 
person there, a couple levels over the next highest tank.  I've moved 
from being small fish in big pond to big fish in small pond, I guess, 
which wasn't something I was paying attention to, but a nice fringe benefit.

There are five groups and only two wizards, and the raid has formed in a 
hodgepodge way; it was supposed to be only a couple groups but there's 
been a lot more interest than expected.  So there are already a couple 
groups up there, pulling and killing, when I arrive.  Nonetheless, I 
grasp the position firmly, immediately changing my assist hotkey from /g 
to /rs, and saying things in the forbidden Raid channel.  Guild has 
certain rules; if you aren't MT, Puller, RL, or MH, you stay out of raid 
chat and keep it to guild or the designated raid chatter channel.  So I 
deliberately talk in raid, using phrases familiar to me from years of 
participating in raids on other servers.  Stay behind me, wait for the 
assist call, nobody breaks mez but me, so on and so forth.  Much of it 
probably unnecessary for most, but there are always some who haven't 
heard it before, and at any rate, it should be reassuring to the rest to 
see that I know how things are supposed to work.

Then, of course, I have some trouble finding the mobs as they come in, 
initially.  They're being pulled past me, I assist so I have them 
targetted, but they're deep in the mass and hard to find.  Luckily, 
after a little initial bobbling, I figure out that this doesn't really 
matter, as I can pull them back over to me by casting on them even 
though I dont see them, as long as nobody else is aggroing them.  Within 
a couple pulls I'm fairly smooth at this, having been schooled in the 
art a couple weeks before while in an exp group in JP.

Harder is finding the adds which have been mezzed, or the ones which are 
being offtanked by the ST and TT.  I make additional hotkeys to assist 
the ST and TT, so when my target is done, I can spot what they are 
facing, go over and take their mob away from them and then call for 
assist.  And I have a generic assist key, so I can target someone who's 
hailing one of the mezzed adds, and go taunt and attack that.

The pullers have an annoying tendancy to die, and other pullers get 
called up, which means my assist puller hotkey doesn't work as well as 
I'd hope.  I end up with a socials page full of different assist buttons.

We move over to the conservatory steps after a while, and eventually go 
inside and set up for Maestro.  A warrior is selected as rampage tank, 
and we discuss the details in tells; he's going to rush Maestro, hit him 
once, and then back over to the wall on the right.  I'm going to follow 
him, steal aggro off of him while standing in that same spot.  Once I 
have aggro, the rest of the raid will enter, staying behind him, and 
assault.  This goes off smooth as butter, neither one of us dies so we 
don't have to mess with the whole "who's next on rampage" situation.  We 
also take out the spawned Hand, and shortly after break up.

Break up is a bit odd, at first it appears half the raid is going to 
stay behind and hunt more armor drops, which after all was the original 
reason for coming.  But after all the porters have left, somehow the 
will to stay fades, and we break up after all.  Luckily, I have a plan; 
the reason I was willing to stay with the porters going away... I can 
log out, and six hours later when I get up in the morning, just select 
Return Home.  I remember being trapped up here for a couple days once on 
my bard when I went LD due to a downed power line, so knowing that 
there's always a way out was really nice.  But I'd intended to play a 
couple hours longer!

The next day, the raid leader thanked me in tells for my help, and 
explained that it was his first time leading a raid, and he'd wanted to 
go with an experienced tank.  I admitted that it was only my first time 
as MT, and I'd been happy to have an experienced raid leader propping me 
up!  Guess we fooled each other.  Funny thing is, other people in guild 
chat exclaimed that this had been the smoothest raid the guild had had, 
and thanked us both.  Guess we fooled them too!

Berg, 57 SK, Combine


