From -2496616166827903839
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8a4e8435bf0390da
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-04-11 04:10:27 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.ash.giganews.com!border2.nntp.sjc.giganews.com!border1.nntp.sjc.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!newsfeed3.easynews.com!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: update me on EQ since january
Date: Sun, 11 Apr 2004 04:11:22 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <107i9t273vnbme9@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <8854c397.0404100822.7f6785f@posting.google.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 106
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:28003


"Lance" <emporer@dejazzd.com> wrote in message
news:8854c397.0404100822.7f6785f@posting.google.com...

> EQ 2 still not out, I see (CGW lists it as a June release now... any
> bets?)

Retail outlets I've spoken to say the date's been changed to September, but
I haven't tracked it closely since I'm not terribly interested yet. That may
change, but given SOE's record with SWG and EQ, I don't think I'm going to
try anything on faith. A wait-and-see approach is called for here.

> GOD seems to be out though.  I poked around a bit looking for
> information about it, but all I managed to spot was Manual's post on
> some loots he got...

GoD is intense and challenging. Yes, stupidly hard to get to but I view that
as a positive. The tension is palpable - just running to Barindu to get a
mission is a death-defying adventure and that makes it exciting. After
playing GoD I honestly can't imagine ever sitting in the HoH basement again.

> but does that mean GOD is out for those who aren't
> level 65

Most of the discussion regarding GoD revolves around the three main tiers:

Tier 1) Sewer trials in Barindu (four consecutive flagged events);
Tier 2) Mountain trials in Barindu (two independent flagged events); or
Tier 3) Kod'Taz, the crown jewel of the expansion, departure point for the
high-end trials and raids

Unlike Tier 1 and 2, Kod'Taz is not an instanced zone, it's a large, regular
zone that contains zone-ins to other instanced zones, some quite exotic (one
zone hits you with a permanent -250 to all stats, -100 to INT/WIS and
requires that you kill mobs that drop NORENT items that obviate these
effects). You cannot set foot in Kod'Taz, however, unless you either:

a) win all six trials in Tier 1 and 2; or
b) complete the Smith Rondo raid in Ferubi AND succeed in getting flagged
for both Tier 2 events.

All of these events are challenging to varying degrees, ranging from level
65 Hard LDoN at the low end to comparable to anything I've ever encountered
in the elemental planes or Time. I've made it as far as Phase 5 of Time and
I've never felt as much at risk in any of those events as I have attempting
the Ikkinz trials in Kod'Taz. This is due in large part to their being
single-group based -- there's no room for error when there's only six of
you. In all the time that I've been playing this expansion I've never seen
anyone less than level 65 successfully competing (although I'm sure someone
else can point out that it's possible and can provide examples - all I'm
saying is that I've never seen it). There are some entry zones that one must
cross to get to the Tier 1 trials, and under-65's can and do hunt there, but
these really aren't the core zones and it's pretty rare in my experience to
see under-65's doing much in GoD.

> Or does it Scale, like LDON?

See above. It scales, but the scale is from Crazy Hard to Impossibly Hard.
;-)

> Anything else fun or frustrating going on?

Many mixed opinions here. I think where I'm at now on GoD is that it's put a
hell of a lot more excitement into the game for me than I ever got out of
the old world or even PoP orLDoN. Everything else seems so *tame* by
comparison now. When I'm not raiding, I'm in GoD, it's that simple. At the
same time, I see it as likely signaling the end of the game for me. I'm
currently stuck at a bad place in Kod'Taz as I come to the realization that
the requirements of these trials are such that you must pick your classes
efficiently and carefully in order to survive and this weeds out whole
classes in some people's minds. Holy Trinities are back in vogue and I see
classes being left behind because they're not perceived to be contributing
as much. Unfortunately, Shaman is one of those classes. When you only have
six spots to go around, and Slow has been mitigated and diminished to the
point of being a non-factor in battles that last only a few seconds (GoD
mobs are typically high-damage, low-hp), it's tough for some groups to
justify bringing a Shaman along when they could instead choose an ENC and
get a 70% Slow, HUGE, incomparable DPS, and KEI/VoQ as an extra added
attraction. Or a 2nd Cleric. Shaman healing is insignificant and laughable
in this context, don't even raise the subject, even with the new GoD heals.

I'm currently stuck in a mode of doing the Tier 1 and Tier 2 trials over and
over again. It's great experience and the expeditions are fun and yield nice
loot, but the handwriting's on the wall. SOE doesn't have a very well
defined vision for Shaman any more. We are no longer the king of Slows, and
even if we were, slow mitigation has been used so much to tune encounter
difficulty that it's been racheted up to the point of being mostly
insignificant. Whatever advantage Shamans once held relative to Slow, it's
no longer of much use in the new content.

I'm happy to keep doing GoD trials to get my friends flagged to keep things
lively, and it is great experience, but I'm not sure how soon it will run
out of gas. My current hope is based on my belief that there will be new and
exciting improvements to the game and to my class right around the time that
WoW hits the stores. If not, well then WoW looks pretty damned nice.

-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Elder Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
<Resolution>
Citizen of Firiona Vie
www.magelo.com/eq_view_profile.html?num=875942





