From -6827574844905286425
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7eb51f5c068a8e07,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!arclight.uoregon.edu!enews.sgi.com!news.xtra.co.nz!newsfeed01.tsnz.net!ken-transit.news.telstra.net!lon-in.news.telstra.net!news.telstra.net!news-server.bigpond.net.au!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Hicks" <nospam@forme.plz>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: The Facts: How a casual or non-raider survives
Lines: 111
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1437
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1441
Message-ID: <WlkMc.13474$K53.2887@news-server.bigpond.net.au>
Date: Sat, 24 Jul 2004 03:05:26 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.45.11.36
X-Complaints-To: abuse@bigpond.net.au
X-Trace: news-server.bigpond.net.au 1090638326 203.45.11.36 (Sat, 24 Jul 2004 13:05:26 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 24 Jul 2004 13:05:26 EST
Organization: BigPond Internet Services
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:10877

A couple of recent threads have prompted me to post this, which will be a
summary of the steps I had to take to bring Kuloth up to a point where he
could tank contemporary group content.

The reason why I'm posting this is that it is apparent to me that most
people who are in uberguilds are completely ignorant of what is neccessary
to keep up without an uberguild, and completely *disdainful* of the repeated
requests by the masses to make it more possible to do so. (note: possible -
not easier, not easy, just possible)

At the beginning of the scale, Kuloth is level 52 and has just solo fear
kited his last 6 levels in the dreadlands, because he was sick of grouping
with idiots and assholes, and soloing was faster back then if you were good
enough at it. At this point Kuloth is the 2nd highest level person in his
guild at 52 - in a fairly large family guild.

At the end of the scale, Kuloth is 65 with 108 AA's and about 7,500hp fully
buffed. Still nowhere near even vaguely credible for a raider, but for
somebody wearing zero raid loot who has bought zero plat, not too shabby.
Here Kuloth is in a weekend raiding guild who are equal to Grummus.

At 52, the first thing I needed to do was get some new gear. I was literally
wearing stuff that had either been dropped by mobs I had been grouping, or
quested. I was wearing three pieces of Darkforge (Sol Ro quest armour) and
they were my best pieces. If you can picture taking this outfit to PoI and
trying to tank, that's where I was at.

So I went to Rathe and fear kited giants for an absolute age, literally up
until the point where I never wanted to see another giant ever again, had
actually made hot buttons for /ooc statements such as "kill ALL of the
placeholders [lengthy explanation of what and why]", and had made a large
number of friends. We are talking serious time investment.

Geared up with bazaar crap to a sub-cultural level, (a full set of cultural
armour would have cost me around 15x 40 hour weeks of fear kiting giants), I
returned to the planes and attempted to tank. I must briefly mention here
the couple of hundred hours I spent building up my enchanter alt's smithing
skill to almost 200, only to realise the project was the MOST expensive way
of getting cultural armour for my main.

At this point, I made the following observations:

a) I could barely tank PoI mobs, but a single PoD mob could 4 round me
b) A warrior of comparable level/gear had almost a thousand extra hitpoints.
A 30% raw advantage.
c) most of the tanks I was competing with were massively twinked alts of
either level 65 casters or more rarely an uberguild member. It was quite
common to lose the MT slot to a warrior 5 levels below me.
d) The entire Planes of Power expansion assumed that a tank would be wearing
VT or at least ToV gear, marginalising the 90% of the playerbase incapable
of obtaining that shit.
e) I was (rightly) expected to be able to tank by every group
f) Pick up groups were still hell - idiots, assholes, people who leave after
one wipe, people who leave after 10 minutes, spending hours looking for a
cleric, or a slower...

Remember, this was back when "snap agro" hadn't been "invented" yet. I was
doing it - nobody could take agro off me during or after a pull if I wanted
to keep it - but something like 9 out of 10 slowers refused to *try* slowing
on incoming. Nevertheless, two things bore me out:

a) 100% effective agro control
b) Removal of the need for crowd control using FD with backup RD (real
death), since adds usually wiped the whole group.

I remember taking the entirity of level 53 in a single 11-hour grind in PoD.
However, things remained utter shit until the greatest thing that can
possibly befall a Shadowknight, landed in Kuloth's lap.

My friend's Shaman alt appeared. The SK/Shaman duo opened doors.

We duo'd 55-58 in PoN, using the combination of FD/RD pulling and the
excellent slow kill powers of this duo. We then moved to Velk's and I bought
my first cultural pieces by selling multiple SCHWs. We gave Old Seb a try,
and managed to upgrade my weapon to WMBS on funds obtained from there. WMBS
remained the best available weapon for a non-uberguilder until GoD.

Then Veksar arrived. Veksar is without doubt the best new zone for
non-uberguilders Sony have ever released. If they ever want to do something
for the forgotten 90% of their playerbase, they should base an entire
expansion on Veksar style encounters. I'm talking single-groupable or
duo-able camps with named mobs that drop genuine upgrades. 59-62 were almost
exclusively Veksar levels, and the seven pieces of loot I wore from Veksar
allowed me to subsequently tank PoV to 65. Selling extra Veksar drops
allowed me to buy other upgrades.

Then came a few hundred hours of LDoN, a quested Tactics key, and some
Tactics camping, and there we are, present day Kuloth.

Now, the thing I should mention is that I immensely enjoyed that entire
process. I found some of it disheartening, but the overwhelming result of
the struggle was an excellent game, and many hundreds of hours of engrossing
playtime. So if I found it fun, what do I want changed?

Every expansion should have, god forbid, at least one zone like Veksar,
where the other 90% of the population can obtain gear, through actual
stimulating challenges, that is almost equal to the 2nd best previous shit.
For GoD that would have been near-elemental quality drops falling off nameds
in a zone you don't need a single raid to get to. I don't give a rat damn
how hard you make it, so long as it's *possible*. So much of the expansions
I keep paying for is permanently locked away - doable single-group
encounters I can't even attempt because a 72-man VT-geared raid is in the
way. By all means have the mobs quad 900's and summon, or 1500's if you have
to. We'll work it out, we always do.

We're the guys who have always had to.

Regards,
James




