From 1998642884741797836
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,312197bfdb85e5e0
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-17 15:53:00 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!netnews.com!xfer02.netnews.com!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!cyclone.tampabay.rr.com!cyclone.austin.rr.com!typhoon.austin.rr.com.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: dcd@firstnethou.com (Dan Day)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Lots of Newbie Rogue Questions and General Questions Too
Message-ID: <3c485c00.1730847@news-server.houston.rr.com>
References: <u4egiat3lajqb7@corp.supernews.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.01/32.397
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 115
Date: Thu, 17 Jan 2002 23:51:06 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.25.13.184
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.austin.rr.com 1011311466 66.25.13.184 (Thu, 17 Jan 2002 17:51:06 CST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 17 Jan 2002 17:51:06 CST
Organization: Road Runner - Texas
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:157940

On Thu, 17 Jan 2002 14:29:14 -0700, "Gotcharules" <weber@ureach.com> wrote:
>1.  I just got safe-fall, but how do I practice it-by falling down?

Yup.


>  Thats
>kind of embarrasing-anyway I've tried dropping off the lift and I either get
>hurt, or nothing happens-I'm not getting any message telling me that I have
>attempted a safe fall or anything. By the way I did put some skill points to
>it at my guild so that is not the problem.

Once you put at least one skill point into it, it has a chance
of going up any time you take any fall (even a small one) which *would*
have given you any amount of falling damage before you got Safe Fall.
So you don't have to find higher and higher leaps to raise the skill
as it goes up, and in fact won't have to hurt yourself at all
in order to get skill-ups after it gets to moderate level and
protects you as you practice.

One of the more popular methods is to just find a tall steep hill,
and then run down it, bouncing all the way.  Then run back up and
repeat.  Some zone walls are steep enough for this.  Being SoWed
helps you to zoom down fast enough for good bounces.



>2. I want to practice hand-to-hand, but of course I really suck at it.  If I
>start now, what level MOBs do I have to fight to up my skills?

Any direct fighting skill has a chance to increase when you
fight blue-or-higher mobs.  Green mobs won't give skill-ups.
There's some argument over whether light blues can or not --
I've not seen it happen, personally.


>3.  Do skills go up when dueling?  Can I practice hand-to-hand in a duel?

No.  You can, however, get fighting skill-ups by dueling
someone and fighting their *pet*, if the pet is blue-or-higher
to you.


>4.  What is the best way to practice Pick Pocket-Another embarrasing thing
>to practice-running around after rats and skellies trying pick pockets.
>What a way to make a living.  Anyway, got any tips???

Pickpocket anything you run across that won't cream you if
your pickpocket attempt gets detected and they attack you for it.
Unlike fighting skills, you *can* get pickpocket skill increases
by pickpocketing greenies (er, at least I'm pretty sure you can).

The most time-efficient thing to do is to make a hotkey that
has the following three lines:

   /attack off
   /doability #     <- where "#" is the ability number you've
                       assigned your pickpocket skill to
   /attack on

Then use this hotkey when you fight stuff -- you'll be
fighting *and* practicing your pickpocket skill.  However,
if you're in a group, be aware that you'll be taking loot
that will reduce the amount that the group will loot from
the monster after it dies.  Rogues often debate the
ethics of whether one should do this at all, or if so,
how much.  Some feel it's perfectly Rogue-like, and
one of the perks of playing a Rogue in the first place.
However, if you do it a lot the effect will be noticeable
by the reduced loot the mobs drop, and you may have
trouble getting groups if you get a reputation for
being a loot-thief.


>5. What the heck is Parry anyway?  I put some skill points toward it, but
>how do I practice it?  Is it automatic while fighting?  I haven't seen any
>messages telling me that I am getting better.

In a zillion different swordfight scenes in the movies,
you know the move where someone's about to get stabbed but
he uses his own sword to knock aside the incoming blow?
That's a parry.

In Everquest, when it happens (it's automatic, think of
it as a reflex action), a blow that would have landed on 
you without the Parry skill will instead be blocked and 
do no damage.

You "practice" it by just fighting normally, skill-ups
in Parry are automatic.


>6. At 13th I get duel wield.  When I use backstab I get an extra attack.  If
>I use duel wield, will I get three?  Or can I only use  duel wield or
>backstab but not both?

Dual Wield is automatic (and so are skill-ups) whenever
you have a weapon in each hand (once you get the Dual Wield
skill, you'll suddenly be able hold another one-handed weapon 
in your secondary hand).  Each hand will fight with its
weapon independently.

This is entirely separate from Backstab, and does not
interfere with it.

And Backstab, unlike most other fighting skills, has to be
performed manually.  If you haven't noticed already, while
it can be used simply as an "extra attack", it's most
useful if you have a piercing-type weapon in the primary
hand, and do it while the creature's back is turned to you
(almost impossible fighting solo, pretty easy in a group).
Under those conditions, the "extra attack" turns into
a true "backstab", and does enormously more damage than
usual.



