From -2423564256276025972
X-Google-Thread: fb739,98183935818199bd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!newscon02.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.net!newsmst01a.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr17.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!284a1c64!not-for-mail
From: "Eric J. Hawman" <ejhawman@ameritech.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Adastraea Invictvs
Lines: 122
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
Message-ID: <qQR8e.841$L03.454@newssvr17.news.prodigy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.23.215.229
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr17.news.prodigy.com 1113844118 ST000 68.23.215.229 (Mon, 18 Apr 2005 13:08:38 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 18 Apr 2005 13:08:38 EDT
Organization: SBC http://yahoo.sbc.com
X-UserInfo1: S[OYB[GDTZSIRVPXNKK^_T\B\JYL@DHLLBWLOOAF@YUDUWYAKVUOPCW[ML\JXUCKVFDYZKBMSFX^OMSAFNTINTDDMVW[X\THOPXZRVOCJTUTPC\_JSBVX\KAOTBAJBVMZTYAKMNLDI_MFDSSOLXINH__FS^\WQGHGI^C@E[A_CF\AQLDQ\BTMPLDFNVUQ_VM
Date: Mon, 18 Apr 2005 17:08:38 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:34815

  Adastraea is guilded again. She has been accepted as an initiate
of Invictvs, where several CotF friends ended up. Once again,
the Elemental planes beckon.
  First raid with my new guild was Sol Ro tower. Not the minis,
though; that would have taken too much time. Instead, they got
all flagged people into Solusek's chamber, then had unflagged
people click up and camp immediately, switching to alts. After
the kill was done, we came back in and hailed the PP.
  The same trick wouldn't work in Fire; they could only take
so many people, and I missed the cut. I could only XP while
watching the raid channel. They did get Fennin down on the
second try. I think they did another Fire raid later that week
as well. Which leaves only me and possibly a handful of others
to get flagged next time they decide to farm Fire on a weekend.
 Last Saturday, they had no trouble keepign me in raid in Plane
of Earth A. Four and a half hours of slaughter, now wipes, great
loot awarded, and my MA flag. We are still working on our
performance against the Rathe Council, so I may well get
flagged with everyone else.

  During the week I joined some friends from work in farming
fabled mobs in Sebilis, KC, and City of Mist. Last year, I had
Kryptic Rage to help me farm old world fabled...but they couldn't
get together in time for my Fabled Ishva Robe, and I was forced
to spend the year wearing a none-too-fashoinable Steelslave
Surgeon's Robe. This year, we got the Fabled Froglok Bonecaster's
Robe. Not as good as the Fabled Tolapumj's Robe, but we would
have to take down Fabled Trak to get to Fabled Tolapumj, and
we just didn't have the force, even when another guild joined us
and pumped our raid up to four full groups. Well, at least my robe
is no longer gimp, or unfashoinable; it's a nice dark green +100
mana and other stats. I can now routinely break 6100 mana with
only familiar up, 6655 with C6. (And, for occasional forced
tanking, just a tad over 6k hit points fully raid buffed.)
  At some points during the farming I used my monk Tosev
in the clearing groups. This got him level 46 at last, able to take
Virtue and help out in groups in PoJ, PoI, and PoN. Most likely
I'll solo him a little more.
  My TP cleric, Celune, is closing in on the magical level 44,
and the ability to cast Temperance. With C1 or C2, the undead
side of the beach in Gunthak is ideal. I have noticed that since
the last patch, Celune's regular nukes have gotten weaker, while
her undead nukes are stronger; when she qualifies for KEI,
I may be able to take her on extended solo missions to ToFS
or Lower Guk.

  I would already have her at 44 but for succumbing to the
lure of creating a character I have long wanted: a mage. I had
thought to do this on Quellious, after Phrogment got to his
mid-30s and began to quad OT. But I got impatient, and my
TP slots are full, so I had to go to the one place I had left:
Drinal, with my kitty bard and all of 262pp.
  Drinal has completed its merge with Tarew Marr. PoK certainly
seemed lively: LOTS of people were offering KEI. Other buffs
were readily available. I put my money and logged to roll a new
mage.
  Male this time, to approximate my homely looks. High Elf,
of course. Maxed int, little extra agi. Name generator gave me
Cadwen, something that struck me as being so simple and
classic it should long since have been taken. Well, no point
questioning good fortune; Cadwen he is. Off I go to kill
rodents in Felwithe again. Brings back memories of Adas and
Celune n their early days...
  Half a dozen rodents later I wonder why I haven't dinged. I
check the XP bar. A BLUE AND A HALF!?!?!!?!? WTF?
A few more rodent kills with inventory screen up - yup,
the bar is barely moving. It's like a much higher level, one
that you crawl through in DSP or OT. Something has been
seriously nerfed.
  Outside in Gfay, things are  little better, though not much.
Okay, Felwithe ZEM has been nerfed. But level 1 in general,
too. I head for the book, across PoK, and come down in
Freeport.
  Ding! No problem with the XP here. Or maybe just a small one.
A few deaths later, I get serious and grab a Temperance and
damage shield, and go to Qeynos newbie yard. Level 3 comes
at its accustomed speed, and I breathe a sigh of relief and log
for the night.
  The next day I get serious. Most of my plat is blown getting
gear I won't be caught dead in on TP: Polished Bone Hoop,
Crystal Covered Shroud, that sort. I get Temperance, regen,
damage shield, SoW, and head back to the yard. Level 3 runs
out just before the DS, and I head back to the Library in PoK
to stock up on spells.
  Conjure my first fire pet. Oops, forgot the malachite. Stocked,
I conjure a fire pet, get temp for it, and burn leather for Blackburrow,
where I proceed to set a new personal best time to level 8.
Back for more spell - uh oh, can't afford much. Air and fire
pets will have to do, and likely only one pet at 12. But I have it on
good authority that fire will not be the pet to use for the 12-16
stretch; air is better for stuns.
  Something worrisome, however; I have gained levels too fast.
Melee skills, Defense, and Offense are woefully lagging. I
hear this has to do with a bug introduced in the patch, and
may take a while to fix. Until then, no sense playing Cadwen;
when I can play him again, I will need several hours to bring his
skills up to standard. Ain't those low levels fun?

 EJH

  On Tholuxe Paells:
  [70 Wizard] Adastraea Starwind (High Elf) of Erollisi Marr
  [61 Druid] Rabotev Startree (Wood Elf) of Tunare
  [41 Warrior] Gruggoredil Dullwit (Barbarian) of Rallos Zek
  [46 Monk] Tosev Starfist (human) of Quellious
  [46 Shadow Knight] Neuveniu Sinstorm (Dark Elf) of Innoruuk
  [36 Enchanter] Nuneveiu Arworthi (Dark Elf)
  [43 Cleric] Celune (High Elf) of Tunare
  [36 Beastlord] Grukyn (Vah Shir)

  On Drinal:
  [24 Bard] Greban (Vah Shir)
  [10 Magician] Cadwen (High Elf)

  On Firiona Vie:
  [32 Cleric] Adastra Peraspera (High Elf) of Tunare

  On Quellious:
  [10 Wizard] Phrogment (Froglok) of Mithaniel Marr
 




