From 8348085963463771039
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,123819555dcffb0e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-30 14:20:16 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!priapus.visi.com!orange.octanews.net!green.octanews.net!news.octanews.net!cox.net!news-xfer.cox.net!newshub.sdsu.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!intern1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 30 Dec 2003 16:20:14 -0600
Date: Tue, 30 Dec 2003 17:20:12 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Guard killers
References: <mpOdnftzWOJqbmyiRVn-gw@io.com>
In-Reply-To: <mpOdnftzWOJqbmyiRVn-gw@io.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <O8GdnQhjaL6CZ2yiRVn-iw@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 66
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.2
X-Trace: sv3-CH9bHwbcj6tEas1J5ao0R3cYmrakKDl2lgcm4vJbOKe/SFTdy08PMME3/e3WZHZNHsFdiC2XtDLmDso!95IcPk0s5NZ3YERFOdRPCggRuty5OJFmFIaiK7b8pHNwGVvX7IvAfkuG6RWUwLjpzcb68/4wKQ==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13708



the wharf rat wrote:

> 	I've been trying to level up a new alt or two in the last 
> few days, and I've run into something that's a real PIA.  In at least
> two of the zones I tried to work in, Misty Thicket and Marus Seru, there
> was a high level player busily slaughtering the guards.  In Misty a bard
> killed the wall guards as fast as they spawned, making it necessary to
> zone to POK to escape goblin and orc trains.  And (get this) a troll SK
> had the entrance building from NL to MS camped, and when I ran through
> with a train of zelniaks spent the next 10 minutes chewing me out in
> tells for...training him!  Reported me to the GM, reported me to his guild,
> told me how he'd fix me for starting this, and so on... He was of the
> opinion that since I knew he was killing guards I had no business running 
> to that particular zone line.
> 
> 	The guard killing I've mostly seen up until now was people
> invising into a town and killing the "interior" guards, not people
> camping newbie zones and making life difficult for young chars...  Am
> I wrong in considering this, well, UNconsiderate?  Or is this a
> commonplace thing I've just missed before?  Frankly I think it kinda sucks.
> 
There are a few guards that exist to protect newbies.  These guards 
should be left alone for two reasons.  One, the poor little newbies need 
em to survive, or at least to level up reasonably quickly without having 
to zone out every couple minutes.  Two, said guards are outrageous 
undercons, and a complete waste of time to kill, there Has to be 
something better you could be doing with your time.

Other than that, though, no, I don't think there's too much guard 
killing, I think rather that there's not Enough.  Trolls -should- bop 
over to human or halfling or elf villages and wreak havoc.  Gnomes 
should take the battle not just to the orcs, but to the Ogres too. 
Oddly, though, for every troll shaman killing the guards in freeport (I 
had a lot of fun doing this) you'll see twenty out killing orcs and 
otherwise working faction so they can walk in unquestioned (and a 
hundred more who will never bother setting foot near freeport at all)

The Misty guards out by the wall are a grey area; most are certainly 
fair game, but you could argue that the couple there at the gate serve a 
"protect the newbies" function.  Most of the guards there, like the ones 
in other zones around the worlds, serve more as a penalty than a 
protection, though, "helpfully" coming over and killing mobs to deny 
newbies the exp and loot.  If a guard roams, I'm -more- than happy to 
see someone killing him (as a player, of course my character is pissed 
but thats an entirely different thing)

Marus Seru guards, though?  They are poor protection at best, only going 
after a few of the many mob types in the zone, and slow on the draw and 
not too good at getting aggro off you or at killing their prey quickly 
enough to save you from death.  Expect to zone whether they are up or 
not.  And if you are hunting anything in that zone, you are either a 
major twink indeed, or you are over level 20, well past any chance of 
claiming to be a newbie.  Even granting that newbie guards are off 
limits, this isn't an example.

On the flip side, hunt at a zone line, expect to get hit by trains. 
Forget the guards, the guy was fine killing them, but if he wasn't 
pulling them up out of the way, he's got no more reason to complain when 
your train hits him on your way to the zone than you do to complain that 
he was killing off some perfectly valid prey (even if it does happen to 
con non KOS to you and -might- have saved you from having to zone out)

Splendid



