From 5293294907138543101
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c52f5c29a107ce73
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-15 06:25:19 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newsswitch.lcs.mit.edu!nntp.flash.net!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.232.MISMATCH!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3D32CAE2.72D3978B@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Question for Druids and Wizzies out there...
References: <oM%X8.60552$xu5.25055@news1.central.cox.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 113
Date: Mon, 15 Jul 2002 13:16:12 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.232
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1026738972 66.109.232.232 (Mon, 15 Jul 2002 09:16:12 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 15 Jul 2002 09:16:12 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:212045



Kodaan wrote:

> I'm a lev 52 druid in a guild that has recently started being -able- to go
> places such as Chardok, and such, and hold our own.  However, I'm one of
> three port-capable characters in the entire guild, one we haven't seen in
> quite a while, and the other is not on all that often...
>
> So, as a result, I end up having to play taxi.  This is not something I
> mind...  As long as I gather them up -before- the event, and then, after we
> all decide to take off, dropping them off at the place of their choosing...
> However, it rarely happens as clean-cut as this.  I end up having to leave
> the fun, to gather a late-comer, or leave the fun, to take someone back who
> decided he needs to camp for the night.
>
> I end up spending less than 50% of my time at an event actually doing
> something FUN, and either porting someone out, then dragging myself all the
> way back to where everyone else is, or porting to pick someone up, and play
> escort.  Of course, I'll miss out on the fun, any no-drop items that drop,
> well, I'm just plain outta luck...  It's gotten so bad, I have come ---><---
> close to just pressing delete on the character selection screen...
>
> Any of you out there having the same frustrations?

While these are real problems, they are to some extent part and parcel
of being a port class character.  The -real- problems here is that your
guild doesn't have enough porters, and the one porter you do have isn't
a wizard, so the "getting out" part is far more annoying than it should
be.  Guild needs to recruit more porters, ideally you'll have one porter
per group, but a wizard can make up for some of that.

Now step two, group with guildmates while you exp or do single group
exp work.  When raid time comes (like five minutes before raid time)
the whole group ports in and runs over to the formup spot.  No more
killing a couple hours of your time getting ready for the raid, no, instead
you and your group get to play elsewhere till right beforehand.  No
whining 'cause everyone else is also grouped with their own pet porter
and doing the same thing.

Form a raid channel so you can all chatter about the upcoming raid and
what needs to be done to get ready for it.  One of the porters is likely
going to have to leave to pick up stragglers... who should be at DL,
NK, Tox, GFay, or Nexus, in groups.  These spots can be walked
to from almost anywhere, and are Nexus gate locations.  Preferably a
porter should be bound at Nexus since that avoids the up to 15 minute
wait for getting off the moon that can be otherwise unavoidable.

Guild should also consider making a port alt.  A level 34 druid can
port to all continents, if not to a few of the more convenient "rush"
spots, and can bind up on nexus without interfering with his utility.
Powerleveling up to 34 with strong guild support should take only
a few days.  Remember that this character doesn't need any real
skills if noone is intending to play him, nor anything at all by way of
equipment, just start him with a high wis, to Brell with his other stats.
Of course whoever is running his account might end up having fun
playing him, but in that case its his responsibility to twink him out
and get his skills up.  He'll be useful at 29 but the added utility
of 34 makes going at least that far well worth while.

A wizard would probably be just as easy to PL up, but I have no
direct experience there, nor do I know where his utility points
would be... whatever level where he can first group port, and
more importantly where he can first port to at least one location
on each continent.  You could even PL the two characters at
the same time.

Hmm, what else.  Ah, Thurgadin Gate potions.  Your guild
buddies need to start pharming parts and making them, particulary
while working on the other projects above.  EVERY character
in the game who isn't KOS to coldain can gate, either under
his own power or with this relatively simple self made potion.
Using the potion puts you right where you need to be to make
your next, assuming you have the parts in the bank.  This means
that your porter doesn't have to interrupt things in order to
port out the "oops I have to leave unexpectedly" guys.  Once
you get a wizard this isn't such a big deal, but as it stands these
guys are screwing up your enjoyment of the game for no
good reason at all, "pure casters" and priests gate out, and
melee either walk out or drink their thurg potion.

Another thing, a COTH mage.  Your post doesn't mention
whether you have one or not.  Get one.  Lead groups with
him in them.  Now when you are forced to port out to
east middleofnowhere to pick up some slob, you can just
run to the zone line and get a free ride to the raid without
moving your bind point (instead leaving it where every porter
should be bound, in the Bazaar) or at worst moving your
bind point to the zone line instead of where a Wipe will
mean a risk of chain deaths at the fight spot.  While this
sounds like its for your convenience, it also means that
the straggler (or dead guy who's body isn't recoverable)
can get that selfsame mage to COTH -him- to the raid.
PS one more level and that mage will make your clerics
forget all about C3 and manasong...

Hmm, and a Summon Corpse necro, preferably one that
can use the little stackable coffins, althought thats a pretty
high level spell.  Barring raid wipes, a decent level SK
can also handle this duty and double as a FD capable
tagger, SA, and backup tank.

What did I say?  Druids, Wizards, Mages, Necro, SK,
key elements to every raid?  Yep, what do you know,
not one of them part of the classic "must have trio" of
warrior, cleric, enchanter.  But honestly, while you can
do without, life is far far easier with these guys along.

Bergh Brelltender, 59 cleric
Srimp Scampi, 34 druid





