From 8511396676485346754
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,89507a4712b58107
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-12 06:03:01 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.he.net!dimensional.com!pulsar.dimensional.com!newsfeed.frii.net!newsfeed.frii.net!204.186.200.232.MISMATCH!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3E217339.13F1F2A3@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: People leaving?
References: <slrnb220lg.p77.reply_in_group@tzs.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 111
Date: Sun, 12 Jan 2003 14:01:41 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.161
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1042380101 66.109.253.161 (Sun, 12 Jan 2003 09:01:41 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 12 Jan 2003 09:01:41 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:257816



Tim Smith wrote:

> Interesting discussion in guild chat today.  We were talking about how we
> haven't had many events lately, because a lot of people haven't been
> playing.  Our guild leader has been talking to leaders of other guilds that
> are similar to ours (no attendence or play time requirements, most people in
> the 54-60 range, with a few under and a few over), and he said they've all
> had quite an attendence drop off since PoP.
>
> Some factors seem to be:
>
> 1. People in the military getting shipped out.
>

Ah, a hidden benefit to a Euro guild; haven't heard this once.  I was in a
mostly american guild when we went to Afghanistan and we did have some trouble
with this, but really not much, apparantly not all that many active/reserve
military play upper end EQ.

>
> 2. The PoP tiers and flag system has caused a split in many guilds.  Because
> we are a casual guild with people from all over the world, it generally
> takes nearly everyone on at a given time to do a raid.  With half the guild
> wanting to go off and do zones they've been flagged for, and the other half
> not flagged or too low level for those zones, there just aren't any places
> that interest everyone.
>

This was a problem for my guild, as the majority are european, and didn't get
POP until some time after its release, and in a staggered fashion; some getting
it shipped from the states directly, or from friends, or on staggered release
schedules.

Its still a problem to some extent, since the trials flag is a serious hurtle to
cross.  The heavy hitters in the guild are already flagged now, and fixes put in
place prevent us from getting groups of six flagged while including those heavy
hitters.  Flagging one or two at a time, maximum of two an hour... its a real
pain.  On the other hand, the rest of us are only up to POV/POS or BOT, and
flagging for BOT is an ongoing project still.

The thing is, for us, none of this impacts raids in any serious way (ok, shortly
after someone gets flagged for POJ/POS they move in and you need a crowbar to
get them out.  This only lasts a few days though)  as none of our "raid" targets
require a flag, so far, BOT flagging does but I wouldn't call two groups a
"raid", the named mobs in BOT the same, but again, not a "raid".   POI golems or
POI dragon, or the horseman in PON, are the only "raid" targets we've done in
POP at all, and we still raid Kael and TOV and FFA nameds popping all over
Luclin.  In fact we raid more and higher level targets of this nature, since
many of our POP enabled people are substantially more powerful than they were
pre-pop; 5 more levels, a smattering of more useful spells, and some nice AA,
plus the POP people who weren't even level 60 yet, all got there much quicker
than they would have otherwise.

>
> 3. Rising system requirements.  One of our main Clerics cannot get the new
> UI to work on his computer, for example.  He's out for now.
>

This was an amazing step on their part, alienating what had to be their most
loyal followers; people who's systems can't handle the New UI aren't going to
defect for any of the new games out there on the horizon!  On the other hand,
they must have done the math, seen that the percentage of people they will lose
represents less money than the costs of maintaining support for some really
outdated graphics.  You, for example, lost ONE guy..."for now",  and there's
every chance he'll save up the 50 bucks to get a little more memory or a new
graphics card and be back.

>
> 4. A general feeling that before PoP, the end was in site...work up to 60,
> start doing AA, and then have fun 'cause you are done leveling.  Now there
> are 5 more levels.  This seems to have discouraged a lot of people.
>

Those 5 levels are some of the easiest in the game.  Unlike the 50s, 60, 61 and
62 are fast short levels on the 40 to 50 scale, passed in tier one POP zones
they fly by.  Exp slows down dramatically at 63, its true, till you get flagged
for POS/POV, at which point its once more a very short time before you have
levels maxed out and can go to your "reward".  Too, 55 thru 60 are reportedly
much easier than they once were, again because exp in tier one POP planes is so
plentiful.  Under 55, finding groups can be difficult, but if your guild will
support you, I can personally testify that the same is true of the lower 50s; I
went from one yellow in 54 to one yellow in 55 in a single 8 hour day, not in a
guild group, I got in a regular group and just stayed as others came and went.
Getting in is the tricky part, which is where guild support would help.

>
> Anyone else seeing anything like this?

I haven't seen any more guild fragmentation than in any other period in the
game.  People leave guilds for a variety of reasons, some guilds polarize along
lines that break them into chunks too small to exist any longer.  The key, in my
opinion, is recruitment, keep a pool of potential applicants on simmer, blending
in only the very best when your guild seems overcrowded, being a bit less picky
(still keeping out anyone annoying or incompetant) when there's major
hemmoraging.  This is something the guild I'm in does a decent job of, although
I think they go too far; there's one ranger who is Never going to be allowed to
join, but the officers will not tell him this, so he keeps showing up on our
"applicants included" raids.  Most people, though, stick around long enough to
become more competant, or get the picture and leave after a while on their own.

Personally I think the harm done by POP is not to raiding guilds, but to casual
players; POP experience is so much better than any other, that the game
contracts down to just four zones, then at level 63 it contracts again down to
just two zones.  Yes, its possible to go to other places to fool around, but you
simply -can't- think of them as experience zones anymore.  Casual players in the
60s aren't all that common a sight, though.

Bergh



