From 2212258116452962606
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1817642fe5142127,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 14 Dec 2006 15:14:24 -0600
Date: Thu, 14 Dec 2006 16:14:21 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Stacking Classes
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <CtGdnQKTpdAtIxzYnZ2dnUVZ_sqdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 143
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.58.139
X-Trace: sv3-mSPgjI5Gw0X4GUgl0IzYXVm7aPRUMPAmMGu8XXpmuw/EyAovdspiLK975wDm8hy+YdVIt1Ny2cLg2xK!l3qNt1j0akytwE6tcj4fl3pNxa++sLh7ROk82BrviBBROzWpbbm1uCn7S2GQQaz3k/le0491FS1i!sczd4JsPZBY=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:4792

So I've been thinking about raid and guild construction, and wondering 
if there was something I was missing in terms of relative number counts.

It seems to me, most of the time, you need relatively few tanks, 
relatively few utility classes, a good number of healers, and all the 
DPS you can squeeze in.

Tanks: warriors, SK, Paladins.

Of these, warriors win out by simple measure of their Defensive disc; 
nothing an SK or paladin can do comes close to this

In fact, if you don't have a warrior, your best tank for a hard target 
just may be a ranger or monk; the ability to take an extreme beating for 
a little while once every hour or so is a lot better than anything the 
Knight classes bring to the table.

SK and paladins, then, come in as "also rans" if you don't have enough 
well geared warriors, or as "off tanks" to "tank mez" adds. As an SK, I 
can grab a mob's attention and hold it while doing a pretty good job of 
mitigating damage, holding on with relatively low healing till the raid 
can take my mob off my hands.  With a full mana bar, I can even do 
without a healer for quite a while on some mobs, lifetapping my way 
along in lieu of actual heals.  It seems to me paladins come out much 
the same.

Still, you're only going to need so many warriors in a row, you're only 
going to need so many off tanks.

Utility classes; slowers, mezzers, pullers, porters.  Don't need a ton 
of these either.  It may take a three man team to do some pulls.  You 
may want a backup slower or two just because they tend to get aggro on 
resist, and die before getting the mob slowed.  But you can be too 
reduntant there just like you can with tanks.  Mezzing, again, a backup 
or two, sure, but how often do you need large multiples of mezzers? 
Porters, one per group is handy, but with wizards, TL will let you make 
up for that to some extent, and at any rate more than one per group is 
just a waste, porter wise.

DPS though, thats the gravy.  One DPS guy can outdamage 2 tanks, or two 
slowers, or two mezzers.  DPS puts the force in force multiplier.  If 
the mob dies in two minutes, then you need tankage and heals to keep at 
least one tank alive for two minutes.  Double your DPS and you only need 
to keep that tank alive one minute.

Lets look at a 54 man raid.  Some zones allow more, 72 man or more, but 
some are limited to 54, and its a good round number for a guild to shoot 
for.  Thats 6 full groups.  Lets posit some special teams: a puller 
group, a tank group, a healer group, and three DPS groups.

The puller group has three pullers, a healer, a mezzer, and a mage for 
COTH.  The pullers are likely two monks and a ranger, or some such 
combination, the mezzer is probably an enchanter, the healer need not be 
a cleric, as more moderate heals, druid or shaman, should suffice. 
Ideally, a druid for evac purposes, come to think of it

The tank group should have a cleric, three tanks, a bard, and some 6th 
element, probably a second healer, possibly a druid for port purposes.

The healer group should be based around healers and mana for healers; 
say two clerics, a shaman, a druid, a necromancer and a bard; that way 
you have port capability, CC, and maximal power supply

The DPS groups allow for more flexibility, there are a lot of DPS 
classes. But there are three basic sorts; caster DPS, pet DPS, and melee 
DPS.  If you have the bards available, each group should get a bard, and 
the types should be segregated so the bard can supply the correct boost 
to each.

Melee type group: Rangers, Rogues, Monks, Berserkers, Beastlords,  a 
druid for heals and evac, and a bard.

Burn group: Wizards, at least one druid for heals if possible Mages, 
Necromancers, and a bard.

Bards are deliberately spread out, max one per group, because they don't 
stack all that well and tend to not benefit from each others's songs; a 
single bard will be helping 5 people (or 6 if he's helping himself too) 
while two bards will each be helping only 4 or 5.

So I see that I'm relying on druids as group healers and Evac quite a 
lot, even the group with wizards in it got a druid, because druid will 
make better use of Burn type songs coming off the bard than will clerics 
or shaman.

Lets do a count:

Group 1:
3 pullers
Mage
Druid
Enchanter

Group 2:
3 tanks
Bard
Cleric
Druid

Group 3:
2 clerics
Shaman
Bard
Necromancer
Druid

Group 4-6:
Bard
Druid
4 DPS (melee or caster, but not a mix)

That comes to
3 pullers
1 mage
5 druids
3 tanks
5 bards
3 clerics
1 shaman
12 DPS

Well, that came out light on key elements; we'll want at least a second 
shaman, a couple more tanks, and a couple more clerics.  I think what we 
need to do is to scrap one DPS team and make a Utility team instead:

Group 6:
Bard
Druid
Shaman
Cleric
2 Knights

That brings the cleric total up to four, which still strikes me as 
light, and drops 4 DPS out of the kit.... but those 5 druids are DPS, 
just not as good as they'd be in a dedicated DPS group.

Hmm, well its a starting point for thinking about anyway.

Berg, 65 SK, Combine






