From -8798767665696534738
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c20b8f02a886fa79,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 23 Jul 2006 21:49:43 -0500
Date: Sun, 23 Jul 2006 22:49:38 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Darkforge
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <LaWdnd1L9vDaqFnZnZ2dnUVZ_sWdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 144
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.47.209
X-Trace: sv3-nQYYGuUQK1F9VQ5lHtp3WRAXaB/kt/CO67LINwWYwQ+z/zF52vLSbNNTA9JWWpKhleaWL2qqpXh2Pox!e9uYpIB+UfBFlRgRL8MwMEQlpw9aN4t0CFNZagjPTRpQQ4gdrP+3kvHfwyvSc3IenPvXzgNm3iNY!5cT/1sUs/tY=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3355

So on Combine, old Cazic Thule is currently in, the various lizards are 
in there and not out in Feerrot as they are on most servers.

As this is my first SK (well, second, if you count the one I leveled to 
23 in the week before combine came out, or seventh or so if you count 
the several I started and never ran past level 10 or so in the years 
before that) I've never touched Darkforge before, and in fact can't 
remember going into CT before it changed, at least not for long.

I poked into CT a couple times in my low 20s, couldn't get a group, 
could barely solo the entrance broodlings.  Went out and leveled up a 
bunch, came back in my early 30s, again, no groups, but now I could solo 
in the maze, and with Invis and FD could explore.

I hit the place on and off for a few levels, whenever I wasn't busy, got 
a drop here or there.  Eventually I got serious about it and camped the 
remainder of my drops over a couple day period.  Took about 6 hours 
today to get my final drop.

Here's the deal; Crusaders pop at random in several areas of the game, 
wherever the higher level mobs spawn; 4corners, Throne, Sewers 
basically.  But by random, I mean rarely.  I got a sewers group that 
pulled for about two hours and not one crusader, and a AoF group which 
also pulled the sewers dry for four hours and saw one crusader.  In the 
several days I was there, I saw about two /ooc decayed rotting messages 
from the throne room and about 6 from the 4c area; its impossible to 
say, of course, how many actual drops there were there, since SK in the 
groups would get first call, and often other SK flop near anyone they 
think might get drops, and can get told about them in say or in tells.

But that leads me to my solution; there's one spawn that isn't random; 
the Ritualist.  He spawns atop a little pyramid in the SE corner of the 
maze, south of the wizard spires.  25 minutes after he dies, he spawns 
there again.  No PH, no muss, no fuss.  He always has the Grimy Lance, 
and at least one Decayed drop, more often than not two; I saw every one 
of the 12 pieces drop from him eventually.

Here was my plan; I put my pet up, on guard, near the pyramid, then sat 
off to one side where I could see the spawn site, and hid.  With hide up 
(having targetted a nearby lizard from the maze to check with) I could 
sit and med and regen hp completely without constant interruptions from 
the rifraff mobs, who'd attack even when I was 40 and they'd been green 
for 5 levels in some cases.  When the Ritualist popped, I'd send my pet, 
wait for him to eat HT, then charge in and attack.  Melee him down to 
around 50%, then clinging darkness, then chain lifedraws till he runs.

Often during this I'd get a defender or warder or even sentinel add, or 
two.  I'd wriggle around so they were in front of me along with the 
ritualist, but otherwise ignore them till the ritualist died (I'd also 
not bother snaring the ritualist in this case, he only runs when alone, 
same as the other lizards).  Once Rit died I'd kill the adds off fairly 
quickly, making a point of snaring the last one and burning him so he 
wouldn't run for more adds; in addition to neatness, its important to 
finish the adds within the two minutes as there are likely other SK 
sitting around hoping to loot Rit.

So, loot Ritualist, first type in /ooc, then link items, then click each 
one to make sure I already have it (at one point I skipped looting a 
right vambrace knowing I had one... of course I actually had the left 
one, and it took me two days to get another right to drop).  If I looted 
something I'd delete it from the ooc, but then I'd announce the drops. 
This had two effects; it prevented other SK from squabbling over their 
right to the camp, since after all I was doing the work and they were 
getting the drops anyway, and it encouraged other people to call out 
their rotting drops.  I think I only got two pieces from other people, 
but still, it was always nice to see them called, and there was the 
chance I'd pick something up I needed that way.

But there's that Grimy Lance; its lore, and its for a quest for a better 
lance, not one I'm interested in since I already have a better weapon. 
But it isn't No Trade.  And its damage is 15.  Took me a while to 
realize that it wasn't no trade and what that meant... but give the pet 
the lance and his damage goes up to 30 (at 38 my pet's best damage is 22 
without a weapon).  So I put one in the shared bank, gave one to my pet, 
looted a third, and then called out the rest.  Whenever I started the 
camp again, I'd give the pet my lance, looted the first one that 
dropped, and was back on track.  I figured if the pet died I'd be able 
to do the same, but never needed to.

Helmet, one of the first pieces I finished, required two damaged militia 
helms from freeport.  New Freeport is far from my favorite zone, and 
this only made me miss it more; my shaman spent several levels in 
freeport happily exping on the guards, but when I killed mine for their 
helms, no exp, just nice heft faction hits.  I took a pounding from 
them, too, but it was a good job for an SK, as I had to work hard on my 
splitting skills to get just one at a time.  I got one from each kill... 
then helped a friend get his and must have gotten one every ten kills!

Fairy Dust, for the boots, was a simple matter of the Faery guards and 
maidens in LFay (I started looking in GFay but they are roamers and hard 
to spot without track)

The bracer takes a broken minotaur horn from Steamfont mino caves; go in 
and kill slavers till a lord pops on you, appears to be an always drop 
thing.

The arms require a qeynos kite shield; I started in Qeynos but all the 
guards carrying shields were red to me at 39, and the ones that didn't 
carry them visibly also didnt' drop them when killed.  Looking on the 
web, I went to the bridge in NK and took out Frederick easily... at 
which point I figured out that somehow I only had one of the two 
vambraces I needed.

The guantlets require an enchanted platinum bar; had a little trouble 
there, made an alt to buy the bar itself, found a chanter who'd cast the 
spell if I got it for her but otherwise had only the mass version which 
would do 5 bars at once.  I can't afford 5 bars of platinum at one time! 
  Finally found someone working jewelry at the vendor who happily 
enchanted one for me in exchange for a page.

On another run, I got the BP and the greaves; BP took two enchanted 
platinum bars, I bought them from an enchanter at 120pp, which was only 
slightly more than my alt had paid for the unenchanted one.  The greaves 
required Melatite, which meant clockworks in Sol A; I had a fun evening 
killing my way around in there; mobs which see invis are a pain.

Finally today I worked Ritualist again till I got the other arm to drop, 
and while I was at it got a second set of bracers and a second set of 
boots; the boots were so easy to get the other part for that I couldn't 
resist.  Ran around and got another horn and a couple more fairy dusts, 
then did the three handins which were good for a full blue bar and a 
ding into 41 (I'd put my boots into the shared slot since they are lore, 
and went barefoot till I got the replacement)

Now to be honest, while its a nice set, its likely I'd have been better 
served leveling up and skipping the darkforge, because the exp I got in 
there was minimal.  Three ways around that; one would have been to do 
the whole camp in my lower 30s, and spending the time between spawns 
killing maze mobs which were blue back then, with or without a group. 
Another would have been to take the Crusader approach.  I took the 
Ritualist one because of the same reason I used to solo a cleric a lot; 
I like downtime.

With downtime, I can do household chores or business chores, 
periodically punctuated with a couple minutes of actual play.  With the 
Ritualist camp, I was able to do other stuff for 20 minutes per spawn; 
which meant the roughly 12 hours I spent getting the whole set of 
decayed ate only about an hour and a half of my play time.

I wouldn't have spent that time leveling, I'd have just logged out 
entirely in the mornings and not logged in to play until later, so it 
seemed like a pretty good deal.

Berg, 41 Gnome SK, Combine


