From 7459074189640375364
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,436136856cd043ab
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-20 16:56:56 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!intgwpad.nntp.telstra.net!newsfeeds.bigpond.com!not-for-mail
From: "Willa" <lukewilla@bigpond.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <6CI28.9509$RS2.268282@juliett.dax.net>
Subject: Re: Hawt dungeon fun! XXX-rated exping and awesome loot-on-loot action!
Lines: 136
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
x-mimeole: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <xDJ28.76296$HW3.86853@newsfeeds.bigpond.com>
Date: Mon, 21 Jan 2002 11:55:52 +1100
NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.54.236.128
X-Trace: newsfeeds.bigpond.com 1011574365 203.54.236.128 (Mon, 21 Jan 2002 11:52:45 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 21 Jan 2002 11:52:45 EST
Organization: Telstra BigPond Internet Services (http://www.bigpond.com)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:158572


"Rune Ness" <runen@netcom.no> wrote in message
news:6CI28.9509$RS2.268282@juliett.dax.net...
> Uh-oh, I'm on a roll, this might get long!
>
> So here's the deal, I've convinced my friends that the great outdoors
> is boring and sun is bad for you, and we've started hitting dungeons
> fulltime. Today was our first day and we went to Cazic to test the
> waters, as it were. We're four RL friends; cleric, warrior, wizard and
> shadow knight, all in our 30s. We had great fun in Cazic, ported in
> and just started laying waste to the place, and the casters discovered
> the joy of AoE spells.
>

Great you found the joy of dungeon hunting.  Not everyone likes them and not
every class is suited for them, but a lot of higher end players recommend
getting into them early on so you learn the basics of raiding.  And it is a
nice change from the boring zones of LoIO, DL, FM etc.

> We hit a couple snags though, not least of which was my beatiful troll
> body getting stuck in the Archon pyramid. In the confusion, the SK fell
> down to the alligator pits and got eaten while I waited for a GM to
> unclog the drains. Guess I should've let the wizard port us back to the
> maze in hindsight, but I was worried that the spell wouldn't have taken
> since I was technically in water when I was stuck...
>
> Anyway, I pulled the SK to the zone line, we rezzed him, and kept at it.
> Ooh, a fatty warrior pulling a corpse through the alligator caves, that
> was fun, in a heart-pounding terror kinda way... We decided to try to
> pull the Avatar, and got the entire room of course, and had to evac out.
> Gee, wonder if a crowd controller could've been of use there? Naaah...
>

Most important thing - just have fun! :-)

> So, question time!
>
> 1) We went to Cazic hoping to get some of the SK armor quest drops, but
> didn't find any crusaders or whatever's supposed to drop that stuff. We
> will be returning though, so if anyone has any pointers for finding the
> suckers, I'd be grateful and stuff.
>

Not an SK and haven't done much CT, so don't know.

> 2) We're outgrowing Cazic! Any suggestions for replacement dungeons are
> welcome too! Old-world and Kunark only, please, the SK doesn't have SoV,
> and none of us have gotten SoL yet. My thoughts so far: Kaesora (hard
> without crowd control?), Lower Guk (any suggestions for camps we can
> handle?), Mistmoore (real hard without CC), and Dalnir (or have we
> already outgrown that?). I'd really like to go get some EE bags for us
> in LGuk at least, we should be able to do that easily, right? Right?
>

Should be able to.  Maybe hehe.  Really depends on the group, and I can't
say I know how you operate :-).  But I have been in Lower Guk (deadside)
since level 32 (am 46 now), and am still there.  The exp is great, the loot
decent, and it is just plain fun.  Mistmoore is not for the faint of heart,
and although there can be some massive trains in Guk, Mistmoore can be
unforgivingly nasty.  I suppose the real difference is Mistmoore requires
more strategy, and mobs are more evenly spread out.  Whereas in Guk they are
more clustered in rooms, with the few roamers.

I haven't tried many of the Kunark dungeons, as I just wanted out of that
place (couldn't stand LoIO and DL), but hope to try a few soon.

> 3) Phat lewts. Got any? No, wait, that's not what I meant to say. Which
> level-appropriate dungeon would you go to if you wanted mucho moolah and
> nice trinkets? Naw, scratch mucho moolah, just nice trinkets for mostly
> untwinked or moderately twinked players.
>

Lower Guk has some nice drops - FBSS, TBB, SSB among others.  Mistmoore
doesn't have a great deal - crested spaulders, crested mistmoore shield.

Once again, Kunark dungeons are not my area of expertise but I believe there
are some pretty good drops in them.

> 4) In your opinion, how much longer can we keep doing this without crowd
> control? Another friend of mine is currently playing a bard twink, but
> he was level 26 last I checked, and won't be much help. Since we're
> hitting level-appropriate places, we can't single-pull, so the chances
> of a TPW-size train are pretty big.
>

Crowd control I find is not something that is the business of the chanter or
bard, it is the business of everybody.  And to tell you the truth, if
everyone is not doing crowd control properly then no chanter nor bard is
gonna save you.  Likewise I have been in many groups in dungeons without a
chanter, bard, or even a cleric.  Don't get into a mindset that 'we haven't
got this class so this can't be done'.  Learn to make do with what you have.
For example, I have little doubt that with good management your group could
hold the Bedroom in Lower Guk without much incident.  Warrior tanks, SK
tanks/makes sure no mobs on casters (this is the important part), Wizard
nukes/AoEs, and Cleric heals.  The most important thing to remember is don't
say 'yeah, we can do it', until you have been in the dungeon long enough to
know you can.  Learn the pathing, learn how close you can get to a mob
without agroing, learn how many mobs add when you pull this one, or that
one.

You ARE going to die, whenever you first start in a dungeon, this will
inevitably be the case.  The key is to learn from your mistakes, and you
will end up dying less, and the exp gain will be so great that the few times
you do die don't set you back much really.

Plus dungeons are just plain fun.  In frenzy room of Lower Guk I am often in
groups that will jsut clear the whole lower floor (apart from Lord), and it
is awesome non-stop mob bashing.  We will often purposely train ourselves
just for the fun, especially when we get to the point where the cleric is
getting bored because none of us need healing.  That gives you a bit of the
idea of how fun it can be, and powerful a good group can be in dungeon.  But
I warn you, it didn't start like that - of those members of the group in
which we did that sort of thing all had been in Lower Guk for some time.
They knew the spawns, the difficulty of mobs, spawn time, how many they
could handle at once, the pathing.  They knew how to maintain agro, or
prevent agro from going to casters.  And this is what dungeons are really
all about - learning to adapt to an intense situation with using that which
you have.  I have been in dungeons where the whole groups where
melee/hybrids (inc LGuk).  It is not so much about the classes that are in
your group, but how those classes are used.

> 5) If you're a shaman on AB, I'm on the lookout for shrink potions in a
> big way! Or diet pills, whichever works.
>

Sorry.

Good luck,

Taliewin Lifesworde
Divine Fellowship
Half Elf Paladin of the 46th Rank
Mith Marr Server
Follower of Jesu




