From 1111623910264744055
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bbb8fca96624a9e0,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-29 06:59:16 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news-out.nuthinbutnews.com!propagator2-sterling!news-in-sterling.newsfeed.com!news-in.nuthinbutnews.com!cyclone1.gnilink.net!central.cox.net!cox.net!p01!news2.west.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "Bat Child (Sue M.)" <batchild1@cox.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Rocky Mountain News, 11/29/2002:  Nothing but 'Net (online games)
Organization: Knights of Xemu
Reply-To: batchild1@cox.net
Message-ID: <sf0fuussdcm4gbatnm46g9nshugnhn3bdl@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 197
Date: Fri, 29 Nov 2002 14:58:28 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.6.221.195
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news2.west.cox.net 1038581908 68.6.221.195 (Fri, 29 Nov 2002 09:58:28 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 29 Nov 2002 09:58:28 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:249340

Found at:

http://www.insidedenver.com/drmn/entertainment/article/0,1299,DRMN_6_1574570,00.html

====================

Nothing but 'Net
Online gaming goes from closetobsession to mass-market play

By Steve Knopper, Special To The News
November 29, 2002

Last February, 100 warriors from around the world were protecting a
stone fortress in the middle of a medieval forest. But Ryan Shwayder,
a 20-year- old salesperson for a Cherry Creek computer store, stood
outside with 100 men and women of his own.

Plus, his side had a catapult.

As usual, Shwayder and a friend quickly stormed the gates. Staying
behind were a cleric, who healed the fighters, and a wizard, who cast
attack spells. This bloody war of attrition lasted a few hours, until
Shwayder's side finally captured the fort.

"In the end, there were just bodies of enemies strewn about the fort,
and we were taking over," Shwayder recalls. "It was really fun."

This scene played out in Dark Age of Camelot, a role-playing computer
game that once dominated the lives of Shwayder and eight of his
Boulder friends. (They've since moved on to Asheron's Call 2.)

But this wasn't your traditional video game - the real people behind
Shwayder's allies and enemies were sitting at hundreds of personal
computers around the world. They have yet to see Shwayder, or his
friends, in real life.

Although hundreds of thousands of people have been playing online
games since about 1997, when the venerable adventure game Ultima went
"massively multiplayer," they've mostly hidden in obscure Internet
subcultures. That's about to change.

A growing trend?

With The Sims Online arriving in stores Dec. 17, Microsoft XBox
launching its "Live" series in mid-November and Sony PlayStation 2
releasing online adapters earlier this year, games with an unlimited
number of worldwide opponents have jumped into the mainstream.

"The New World of Internet Games," Newsweek announced in a recent
cover story on The Sims Online. It may not just be hype: Michael
Gartenberg, a Jupiter Research director in New York, predicts
online-game subscription fees will grow from $196 million last year to
$1.4 billion by 2007.

Why so huge? You can hurl arrows against a computer opponent for only
so long until its moves become predictable, one-dimensional. And it's
impossible to find hundreds of interested players willing to share a
joystick in your apartment.

Online, players compete with an unlimited number of opponents of
varying skill levels.

There's also an element of blind trust: It's tougher to gauge your
opponents when you can't see them.

One of Shwayder's male friends, for example, always picks a female
character because smitten opponents will mistakenly shower him with
gifts or favor.

"It is kind of hard to trust people at first," says Shwayder, a recent
Westwood College of Technology graduate. "You can't see if they're
shifty-eyed or something. They're just typing."

On a recent sunny Saturday afternoon, 20 young men sit silently in a
small, dark, gray room in the Thornton Town Center. They've spent $15
apiece at Tazraz.com, a cybercafe, to play (mostly) Counter-Strike for
three or four hours.

Dustin Schrieber, a 20-year-old Front Range Community College Student,
is here with three regular friends, who team up as Counter- Terrorists
to buy weapons and save hostages.

(Sometimes, it should be noted, they team up as Terrorists to buy
weapons and capture hostages.)

"Look out," Schrieber says in a flatly urgent voice. "Guy in the
corner. Guy in the corner."

"Thank you," one of his friends responds. "Actually, a couple of
guys."

Some of those other guys are nemeses such as 007, Salem and
DarkerAssassin, whose names show up on roster screens at Tazraz.com.
Salem is particularly irksome to Schreiber; he's "always in the right
spot at the right time to kill me."

Others have ingratiated themselves to Schreiber's real-life crew as
reliable teammates. Still others "wait until everybody's dead and
charge in while they're reloading."

"It's a brand new community, a brand new environment," says Larry
Waters, a 30-year-old AT&T project manager who runs Tazraz.com on the
side.

"People will always beat you, and they'll teach you something."

The Sims adds to appeal

Until recently, online-game options were limited to specific types of
competition. Dungeons & Dragons-style adventures such as Ultima and
Sony's 4-year-old EverQuest, plus shoot-'em-ups like Counter-Strike,
became hugely popular, but appealed mainly to a narrow demographic of
young males. (Online poker and other "table" and card games, through
Yahoo!, MSN and other Web sites, remain popular as well.)

The Sims, however, is a family-oriented game that has a wide female
audience.

"What we're seeing in the PC space is a shift away from single-genre
games. That's part of what's going to fuel the growth," Jupiter's
Gartenberg says. "Up until now, if you didn't like dragons, knights
and trolls, you were kind of out of luck."

Security a concern

For Gartenberg, massive growth in the online-gaming sector is merely a
prediction. For some companies, including Microsoft, it's a business
plan in which they've taken a huge stake.

The software giant, according to the Wall Street Journal, has invested
$2 billion over the next two years on Internet games - dedicating 500
computer servers to XBox Live. The company has reportedly built a
20-by-40-foot black cage in Tukwila, Wash., to house 130 of these
servers; just 12 Microsoft employees are allowed access.

These measures help stave off hackers, who could theoretically destroy
the entire online-gaming industry before it starts.

Gamers got a glimpse of what could happen on New Year's Day 2001, when
thousands of Diablo II Online players logged in to find their
characters brutally murdered.

Hackers had taken advantage of a bug in Battle.net, Blizzard
Entertainment's free Web site, to randomly kill Diablo characters,
steal their armor and treasure and mess up the Top 10 rankings. Within
a week, Blizzard had fixed the bug and restored the characters back to
normal.

"We spent a lot of time making this a safe and secure environment,"
says Scott Henson, director of platform strategy for Microsoft's XBox,
the second-most-popular video-game console after Sony PlayStation 2.

Earlier this month Microsoft launched XBox Live, which is essentially
a $49.95 "starter kit," allowing players to compete online with
various existing game titles. (Among them are NFL Fever Online 2003
and Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon, but more are expected to be available by
Christmas.)

The catch is, users must have an existing Internet broadband
connection, as opposed to the much slower (and more common) dial-up
connection.

The company has high expectations: Henson says the goal is 10 million
subscribers over the next five years.

"We think if the experience is compelling, people will come," he says.
"We'll evolve the service so you can hang out and talk and play table
games."

Entering the online-game fray more cautiously is Nintendo, which has
vague plans to adapt GameCube titles to Internet competition.

"When the time comes that you've got something really compelling, and
the online penetration is much broader, that'll be time for us to jump
in with our own games," says Beth Llewelyn, the company's director of
corporate communications. "But Nintendo is a software publisher. We're
a little bit more cautious. We're recognizing that it may be a little
early for online to be a mass-market success."

But if Shwayder, the computer salesperson, is any evidence,
online-game companies won't have to spend much time building up
customer loyalty.

Shwayder plays online games a conservative 20 hours a week: "Some
people . . . it's just nuts. They'll go to school and work or
whatever, then just play until they sleep."

Shwayder owns up to once being one of these people. "When I was
playing Ultima, I would be up until 4 a.m. - I had school the next
day, and it really messed up my grades," he says. "Now I don't really
have any problem. I can't really sleep that little and still be up the
next day anymore. I've matured since I was young."

====================

http://members.cox.net/batchild1
http://members.cox.net/scorseseinfo


