From -1484367671899343304
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8f3b62e785126b90
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-21 10:53:57 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Dead in the Hole
Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2002 13:52:55 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C754207.54FFF259@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <INad8.19$k87.46089@news.uswest.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 108
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:168425

lauren wrote:
> 
> I'm fairly new to this game, been playing about 4 months.  I only have one
> player a level 22 Ranger.  Recently, I decided to explore Odus, because of
> how easy it is to get there now that you can port thru Luclin.  Well, I
> wasn't thinking clearly and didn't check my EQatlas maps before zoning into
> Paineel, running down a tunnel and right off the edge of a cleverly
> disguised cliff.    At the bottom of this cliff there is a level 50+ dungeon
> and I know of no way to even get into the city, much less recover my
> corpse!!  I have never been tweaked and worked hard for everything I own. Am
> I just SOL or is there some way I can get my stuff back?
> 
> Laur

You can get your stuff back, but you will need some help or a lot of
bravery and some time. ;-)

We raid there a lot and I know right where your body is. It's about
twenty feet in front of Master Yael, the boss mob of the Hole. And yes,
that's a fairly uber area. You wouldn't live to get past the entry on
your own. 

So since we can forget about you running in and getting your stuff, what
can you do?

First choice, you can look for high level necro's doing a /who all necro
who may be near there. They have a spell that can summon your corpse to
the entry area for you. However, they  will likely want you to pay for
the coffin component of the spell (150 to 200 plat, can be purchased in
the bazaar right near the bank) unless they are feeling really generous.

Failing that, you might get it dragged out. Many guilds have at least
one person who has a corpse dragging mule stationed in the Hole. I would
suggest going in there (more on how to do that below) and spending some
time hanging out and doing a lot of /who checks. If you find a level 1
through 4 player in there (and it will most often be a halfling rogue)
then you've likely found a CR mule. If you ask nicely and maybe offer a
donation to their main, they may drag it for you.

Last (and bravest choice, though it's free) is go drag it yourself. How?
Not as hard as ya think. First, go to eqatlas and print out some maps of
the Hole. As detailed as you can get. Keep them handy. Second, log on
and create a new character in one of your other slots. Make a halfling
rogue and (this is important) he MUST worship Brell. Put all the points
you can into Stamina. You'll be doing some swimming and this will let
you hold your breath longer. It wouldn't hurt to go out into Misty
thicket and level your rogue up to 3. (Not four. At three you still get
free newbie food every time you die.) Use your training point to get
your swim skill maxed. Practice using your hide and sneak skill and make
hot buttons for them. Also have one for /corpse to drag corpses with. No
others will really matter. Learn to read the hide/sneak messages if
you've never played a class with these skills before. (e.g. if you hit
hide, it will tell you if you've successfully hidden. Then you hit
sneak. If successful, it will say "you are as quiet as a cat stalking
it's prey". If you fail it will say you're as quiet as a herd of
elephants.)

Now, take your new rogue from home all the way to Paineel. It will be
slow going, but with hide/sneak on your side, you can make it. Go down
to the pool outside the entry to the Hole and beg/borrow/steal a bind
right there next to the water. Log on your ranger and give consent to
your new rogue. (yes you can do that.)

Now, head on in. How, you may ask?

There's big boulder at the bottom of the pool that is the door to the
hole, and it's locked. But you don't need to use it. If there happen to
be ubers there with keys opening and closing the door, you can follow
them in. But otherwise, look in the water and above the door near the
surface there's a hole in the rocks. With practice and some shuffling
around, side to side, forward, back, ducking, you can sneak through
there. Once through, swim till you zone. On the other side, keep
swimming until you come up in a pool. Climb out and you are at the safe
entrance area of the Hole. 

Get your maps ready. Head on in. The mobs in the early part of the Hole
(The elementals, rock golems, and flighy fiend types) will NOT be KOS to
you no matter what they con, and you can run right past them safely.
(They worship Brell too.) After the first set of stairs and the balcony,
you follow the wall to the left and down a ledge. You'll come to a "drop
off". it's not very high, but just high enough that nobody can jump back
up to get out. More on that later. Keep doing down. A bit deeper in
you'll come to an area where you'll run into Ratmen and undead. They ARE
KOS to you, so you'll have to hide sneak from there on down. Use your
maps, learn your way, and follow the maps to the bottom to Master Yael's
chamber. Your body will be out in the middle of the floor. Drag it out.
When you get to the drop off, you can't go any further, so leave your
body there and go attack a mob. You'll die and pop up back outside.
(With fresh food!) Go back in again, run down to the drop off, and
/corpse to summon your corpse back up over the ledge and drag up to the
safe entry area. Get your ranger in there the same way to loot your
stuff.

You have one week from the time you died, so you'd best get started. ;-)

(or, if your'e on Xev, send Jakugg a tell when I'm online and I'll go
drag it for you with my CR mule.)

If you do this, after you're done, you may as well keep the character
and just station it in the Hole. You can make extra cash on occasion
dragging corpses and learn your way around a zone most people wont' see
for at least a year after they start playing. It's a GREAT dungeon and
you can safely exlore and learn it with this character.
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
Braellaen: "Does anyone know the approx hit points of a rhino?"
Kirstin: "7. But they're *big* HP."


