From -3872078432996311226
X-Google-Thread: fb739,37cf9a7029437bab,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 19 Jun 2006 06:56:01 -0500
Date: Mon, 19 Jun 2006 07:55:59 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Indescision
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <B9idnW7eCvJMDQvZnZ2dnUVZ_vadnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 131
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.22.136
X-Trace: sv3-niyw3tkxrsbj1Zv2cgnglkUkgwwA2Hx+HAwXqLbAIXbNadLecYynWlxFknHKYrHB+VbJdEb0TgDlEXE!9bG/YSgEYW7p0O0duA+O7WaYq8a7wWrLGOR6bcGiYPqLqxB2jbiOxQE0HFfUTB5q9q+kh/rONwMf!lswE7FTPHkQ=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:2606

I know its a ways off, but I'm excited about the Progression server, and 
trying to think about which class to play.  In some ways, I'd like to go 
with a class I know, so I can focus more on how the game develops in the 
odd variant world where there are only old world zones, but we have the 
much changed GUI and system, and the new powers and spells and so on; I 
remember they even added focus powers to lots of gear that has always 
dropped in the old world, so we should be seeing focus items.

Then again, here's a chance to go with something new, or at least 
something I haven't played much.

In order from most to least:

Mage 66
Cleric 65
Berserker 58
Bard 57
Shaman 52
Druid 30
Warrior 30
Enchanter 30
Ranger 30
Beastlord 27
Necromancer 22
Monk 20
Rogue 19
Paladin 15
SK 10
Wizard 4

Going with the "something new" plan, I should take a wizard.  Only 
trouble is, I'm concerned about taking a group dependant class, because 
I often play for short times, or just have trouble finding a group at 
all; I despise sitting around LFG.  If I can solo while I'm LFG, I like 
to do that and am usually happy to abandon soloing when a group comes 
up... but a class that can't solo can be crushing to play.  I know, 
wizards -can- solo.  But honestly, how well can they solo without twink 
gear at low levels?  No snare until what, 34?  Until then, the class 
looks to me like a mage who refuses to cast a pet.

Mage is very attractive to me, but its the class I've played the most, 
especially recently.   Ability to solo, and to get a group, both pretty 
good, heck, can even "MT" in a group with no melee.  Whats not to like? 
  Just the fact that I've been there done that, recently.

Cleric I love, but its another group dependant class, I had to work at 
soloing, and it was never efficient.  Will the new spells and focus 
items change that at the low end?  Maybe I should go back, cleric was my 
first love and sometimes I really miss it.

Bard is a great class, everything I would want.  I can't do it again, it 
hurts my wrists too much and I need them to make swords.  Even with 
melody, there's too much clicking needed to be a good bard, and I can't 
live with just being a mediocre bard when I know I can do better.

Berserker is a lot of fun, but I'm told they aren't going to be on the 
new server.  Come to think of it, the tomes they need (without tomes, 
they are useless) are available only in POK, so they'd be pretty 
crippled for a long long time.  If I'm wrong, though, I might take 'zerker.

Shaman, I had a good time with, and only stopped playing because a 
friend wanted to start over on a new server, maybe this would be my best 
choice, good in groups, decent at soloing, and something I enjoyed 
playing and will know about, but its been long enough I'd still have to 
figure things out all over again to some extent.

Druid, I played strictly so I could port the alts of my friend, who's 
main was a druid.  When SOL came out, I dropped the class like it was 
hot.  Even though ports would be in demand again, I don't think thats 
reason enough to go thru this again.

Ranger, well, I did have some fun with this class, but I played it 
mostly to serve as a tracker for a guild I was in.  As far as combat 
goes, I was never impressed... although with all other classes played 
after, I always missed track.  Even druids and bards, who do get track 
eventually, pale beside ranger track abilities, with their shorter range 
and their total lack of filtering.

Necromancer is an attractive option, oddly, even though I quit it at 
such a low level.  I quit for a strange reason; it was too powerful. 
Utterly untwinked, heck, naked, I could go thru red mobs like a hot 
knife thru butter.  Where was the challenge?  But on a new server, where 
the challenge is, in part, the race (I know, I'm not going to lead the 
pack, but still, its a race of sorts and I want to run it at a good 
pace, try and keep up with the pack), maybe I won't mind so much.  Plus, 
in the years since I did this, I've played fresh characters who had 
Virtue and KEI and hour long high level DS's... I've sold my soul to the 
POWER gods and enjoyed it.  On the new server, where none of that will 
be available, here's a way to still feel the power.

Rogue, I'm toying with, but it seems, again, to be a group dependant 
class, particularly in a world without tons of twink gear cheap in the 
bazaar.

Warrior is another class thats going to be lacking in solo ability 
without twinkage and temp, plus, while I like the feeling of power that 
comes from being the Main Tank in a group, there's so little for them to 
do, and if there's anyone else in the group who's a better tank by means 
of HP/AC or Aggro, they fall by the wayside.

Paladin is something I've toyed with over the years, because I really 
like to play my clerics "battlecleric" style, mixing it up with melee 
whenever I don't have to sit for mana.  Would paladin be my dream class, 
still capable of playing the healing game to some extent, and doing some 
other cleric tricks, while allowing me to unleash my inner tank?  And 
how solo-able are they?  I imagine more so than warriors, because they 
can buff and heal themselves so as to cut the downtime between pulls 
considerably.

SK I've tried a few times, thinking, similarly, that they'll be 
necromancers who can play the main tank.  At low levels, which is as far 
as I've gotten, though, they seem to be more like warriors with a few 
tricks up their sleeves, their snare is laughable, fear kiting is 
inefficient, and there's not much else to their spell complement. 
Perhaps thats just because I didn't stick with it long enough to see the 
real advantages of the class.  If Fear Kiting works better at higher 
levels, perhaps this would be the "warrior who can solo in downtime" class.

Back when I was discussing this before, though, paladins and SK both 
suffered because they weren't as good for Main Tank as warriors, but 
their DPS took a serious backseat to rogues and rangers, and for that 
matter mages and wizards, when it came to DPS.  So they'd get picked 
over for groups, who'd rather have a warrior for MT, and a DPS class for 
other jobs.

Well I'm glad I wrote this out, but it doesn't seem to have brought me 
to a conclusion.  I welcome comments, perhaps that would help me make up 
my mind.  Anyway, over a week to decide!

Lance
man without a class


