From 2267455344079491755
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c19adb7c7a57fec1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-08-26 19:02:07 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F4C10F5.9F9811B1@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: How Far can we go?
References: <3F4BC1D0.A661340D@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 88
Date: Wed, 27 Aug 2003 02:08:32 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.52
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1061950112 66.109.234.52 (Tue, 26 Aug 2003 22:08:32 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 26 Aug 2003 22:08:32 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:298138



Annie Benson-Lennaman wrote:

>     I think hell might be freezing over.  I've finally gotten a
> character over 40... just dinged 43 last night in fact.  I can get to 44
> in the zone we're in (Guntak).  Just quested the Temperance spell, so
> have that waiting to scribe.  I know, 43 is hardly what most people
> would consider to be a high level.  But I'm now to the point where I can
> fight in zones where that I never thought I would reach.  I can (soon)
> sit my ass in the PoK trying to sell temp for hours on end, if I'm of a
> mind to (can't really see that happening, though).  I've even got quite
> a bit of plat (for me) saved towards the Buy Annie a Riding Lizard
> fund.  Heck... it seams likely that I might be able to click on the
> Plane of Tranquility stone one day and actually go somewhere instead of
> being told that I'm too much of a pussy to pass.
>
>    There are several things Lenny and I want to try when we do hit 44,
> and get bit of insurance exp.  We want to slap around some spiders in FV
> (revenge).  We want to try the big underbulks in Echo caverns that keep
> beating us down every time we've tried them in the past.  We see how far
> we can duo in the ToFS.  We want to see if we really can survive a
> hunting trip into the Dreadlands.  This is fun time for us.
>
>   We've recently deguilded.  Our guild started out as a strict
> Role-playing guild, as of late all the guild chatter during prime hours
> was of the "Gimme some help u guyz plz" variety.  This wouldn't be so
> bad, but our guild rarely raided or hunted together.  All our friends
> from old left long ago.  It was more like the guild left us, really.
> So, right now we are free spirits, though we are being courted fairly
> heavily by one guild that is warrior shy, and that wouldn't hate having
> another cleric either.  But we aren't rushing into anything.
>
>    I asked this question in serverwide.age:age last night... What level
> will we likely be able to duo to?  There were a couple who said that we
> should be able to make it 60, though we would have to stay out of PoP
> zones.   Someone else said that the low fifties was probably more
> likely.
> So.. what do you all think?  Assuming we don't guild soon, how far can
> our duoing ways take us?

I soloed my cleric at least half of each level from 35 to 62, and could
certainly have done so on up to 65 if I hadn't had a fast ramp up to 65
grouping in POV, particularly with the recent changes to the exp range post
60.  Nuke style, root/rot style, melee style; cleric's got it all if you
pick yoru targets with care and are willing to cope with down time.  With a
warrior you'll want to rely more on melee and healing, as he won't be a lot
of help on the nuke or rot styles that will let you kill some mobs that have
really high melee damage output... but as long as you stick to mobs that
don't hit ludicrously hard (thus the "stay out of POP" plan) he can pin down
mobs while you outdamage him via nukes or DOTs, if he's not doing damage
fast enough with his swords.  I used to duo with a monk, and having someone
to make the mobs stay put was helpful indeed; a warrior's much better at
that part of the job.

If you stay out of POP I don't see any reason you won't be able to solo to
65 with a warrior/cleric pair.  You'll miss slow, and snare, but both are
available in weapon procs for Lenny, have him work on them as hard as you
are on your pony (*well, you should get a lizard really unless you enjoy
looking at the neck of a horse a whole lot).  And you'd miss mana regen, if
not for the fact that you'll soon be able to get KEI, and prices even on FV
seem to still be quite reasonable, 4 hour KEI for 20pp or so.

Oh, great item to pick up when you can, Donal's Vambraces.  Clicky Valor...
which sounds silly since you have better HP buffs, including Temperance, by
the time you can click them (45).  But as with all cleric HP buffs, its a
heal as well as a buff.  220 point heal every click.  On horseback, you are
medding the whole time you are clicking, which means that you have about
1200hp per minute "regen" that cost you no mana at all outdoors (not only
free because they are clicky, but they don't even cost you what they did me,
horseless, which was that I wasn't medding while using them.  SO use that
mana on nukes or dots or if the mob is chewing thru the "regen," on
occaisional CHeals, but until the mobs are hitting for hundreds per blow,
that chain clicking valor is a vast aid.  Oh, as a bonus, there's very
little aggro from buffing, and the cast time is long enough that its almost
impossible to pull aggro clicking those arms; not such a big deal partnered
with a warrior, with the monk it was quite a nice second hidden benefit,
with pure heals there were times I'd pull mobs off the monk, a tauntless
class you know!

Of course another good plan would be to group with a mage and a shaman.. .if
the shaman ever gets back online and levels up that is.  They finally
released her baby from the hospital a few days ago so she's not driving back
and forth four hours a day, and she may finally have time to play some
more.  Keeping my stubby little fingers crossed.

Splendid One, 30 gnomage, Firiona Vie



