From 430167533892241039
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5ac3b066c6a64d73
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-01-06 11:06:20 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.mesh.ad.jp!portc01.blue.aol.com!newsfeed.skycache.com!Cidera!xfer10.netnews.com!netnews.com!news2.euro.net!news.wanadoo.nl!not-for-mail
From: "Jeroen Eynikel" <j.eynikel@wanadoo.be>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Anyone run Athlon processor
Date: Sat, 6 Jan 2001 20:07:02 +0100
Organization: EuroNet Internet
Lines: 193
Message-ID: <937qb0$2ptj$1@buty.wanadoo.nl>
References: <f1sc5tknm3h729q5u18cbo5knaf1lvs40n@4ax.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dial-51-200.wanadoo.be
X-Trace: buty.wanadoo.nl 978807970 92083 212.65.51.200 (6 Jan 2001 19:06:10 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: 6 Jan 2001 19:06:10 GMT
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2314.1300
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2314.1300
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:37869


A couple of months old, but still valid. Hope it helps.
from www.tomshardware.com

AMD Processors Vs. Intel Processors - Facts and Lies

Before getting into the details of Athlon 1200 and boring you with new
super-high benchmarks scores, I'd like to say a few things about the
situation we are actually seeing in the processor market. Looking at the
marketing of both companies, reading reader's comments to CNET-processor
articles and realizing the current market shares makes you seriously wonder
how uneducated the average computer user actually is. Yes, buddies, the
majority of PC-users seems utterly unable to realize the facts.

AMD Processors are significantly less expensive than Intel processors
although they are at least on par in terms of performance. - FACT

Yeah, my friends, it's a fact! Have you just bought a Pentium III 933 for
almost the same money you'd have to pay for a brand new Athlon 1200 that's
way faster? Congratulations!

AMD processors are incompatible. - LIE

Not that the average guy who just heard that phrase would know what the heck
'incompatible' is, but it sounds really bad, doesn't it? Well, even the
people who do know that 'incompatible' means that a product wouldn't work
reliably with other components (which of course is bad) are wrong if they
accuse AMD's Athlon or Duron processors of it. In our labs we are testing
all kinds of Athlon platforms with all kinds of different components and I
can definitely say that I cannot see any difference between the
compatibility of AMD products and platforms compared to the same from Intel.

Duron is 20-40% faster than Celeron at the same clock speed. - FACT

Yes, that is true. There's two reasons for that. One; Duron is using a bus
interface that has a three times higher bandwidth than Celeron's bus
interface. Duron is connected to the system via a 100 MHz interface that is
double-pumped, while Celeron uses only a 66 MHz and 'single-pumped'
interface. Two; the core of Duron is simply more advanced, which makes it
even faster when comparing the two processors at the same bus frequency.
Basically, Celeron is simply no competition to Duron and I hope that even
CNET will finally find out about it.

Quote from my initial Duron article: "You can see that Duron is much closer
to the performance of its big brothers than Celeron, because AMD is using
the same bus clock for Duron as well as Athlon. Intel is using the little
FSB-limitation trick to make people fall into the MHz-trap. Inexperienced
users might think that a Celeron 700 is just as fast as a Pentium III 700.
Both sell at the same price, but Celeron is significantly slower."

Chipsets for AMD processors are inferior to Intel chipsets. - LIE

Yeah, sure, the earth is flat and politicians are honest ... I am still
amused when I see people posting the above message in news groups or as
their response to articles. How many more times does Intel need to screw up
their chipsets (i820, MTH, ...) until you guys get the message? Right now
Intel is facing its demise in the chipset market. This has a good reason.
Today you can find pretty much the same features in VIA's Ahlon/Duron
chipsets that you can find in Intel's latest offerings. Even ATA100 has been
included in the latest VIA south bridge as well now. Another guy wrote
something about ACPI. I am sure he doesn't know what that is, but ACPI is
supported by VIA chipsets as well and to be honest, who is using ACPI in
desktops? It's most important for notebooks. No, you don't need it to 'run
WindowsME and 2000'. In my systems ACPI is better not interfering with
anything, since it actually costs resources that I am not willing to share.
Bottom line is: there may have been some problems in the first days of the
Athlon chipsets, but they are solved. Incompatibilities are more a problem
of the motherboard BIOS than of the chipset right now. Thus both chipset
makers, Intel as well as VIA, are actually in the same situation.

Pentium III performs better than Athlon at the same clock speed in
3D-games. - FACT

Yes, this is correct. The difference isn't huge and easily equalized by the
price of the two processors, but e.g. a Pentium III 800EB scores a few
percentage points higher than a SocketA Athlon 800 in Quake3 and Unreal
Tournament. However, as long as you can get a much faster clocked Athlon for
the same price as a Pentium III the advantage is still on AMD's side. You
will see that the Athlon 1200 is still scoring the overall best results in
any 3D-game, simply because it only has to compete against a Pentium III
1000.

Athlon outperforms Pentium III in scientific and floating-point intensive
applications. - FACT

This fact is well known, but it gets easily forgotten. Athlon's FPU is way
superior to the FPU of Pentium III. It is expected that even Pentium 4's FPU
can't compete against Athlon's. Thus every software that requires
double-precision floating-point calculations will run 40-50% faster on
Athlon than on Pentium III. This difference can't even be equalized with
clock speed.

Athlon requires more power and cooling than Pentium III. - FACT

It's true and actually one of the most annoying facts about Athlon. The
power dissipation of Athlon is indeed much higher than what Pentium III
radiates. Thus you require a good heat sink, a good (300-400W) power supply
and a well-ventilated case. This is obviously even more important if you are
overclocking Athlon. Additionally, Athlon/Duron are not secured against
overheating in a way that Intel processors are. If you mount the heat sink
wrong and the AMD chip doesn't get its proper cooling it can die within
seconds. AMD has, actually secret, plans to incorporate a thermal diode into
the die in the next revision of the processors. It's about time indeed;
because there's quite a number of people whose Athlon had a life span of
less than a minute because of a missing thermal protection.

AMD processors have a significantly lower clock speed margin than Intel
processors. - LIE

This statement used to be true in the good old days of AMD's K6-line of
processors, but today it's actually the other way around. The best example
is the new Athlon 1200. It uses a voltage of only 1.75 V, which is the same
voltage used by its brothers, the Athlon 1000 and Athlon 1100. AMD doesn't
need to use 'overclocking-tricks' to get higher clock speeds out of their
processors. Intel however tried exactly those well-known overclocking
measures with the release of the Pentium III 1.13 GHz. Today we know that
Intel failed with this product, but even Pentium III 1 GHz is an
'overvoltaged' processor already. Today the overclocking margins of Athlon
are way higher than those of high-end Pentium III processors.

Intel Processors are better for overclockers than AMD processors. - LIE

I think that this comment is pretty much known to be a lie today. AMD's
processors are in fact easier to overclock, because you can unlock the
multiplier with a simple graphite pencil and then use a nice Athlon
overclocking-motherboard such as the Asus A7V or the Abit KT7. In case of
the Duron processor you can increase the clock speed by up to 40%
successfully, in case of the high-end Athlons it's still at least 5-10%.
Intel's high-end Pentium III processors won't stand a chance to run 10%
faster and you've got to take the risk of out-of-spec bus-frequencies.
Celerons however are still a good target for overclocking and clock speed
increases of up to 33% are certainly possible.

AMD platforms are way more expensive than Intel platforms. - LIE

This one used to be true in the first month after the release of AMD's
SocketA-processors, but today Athlon-platforms with VIA's KT133 chipset are
pretty much in the same price range as comparable Intel platforms.

AMD-platforms are inferior to Intel platforms because AMD doesn't support
RDRAM. - LIE

That's a funny one. Recently we got in touch with Kingston, asking them for
DDR-SDRAM samples. We were told that Kingston doesn't really like us,
because we are writing against RDRAM, which would be the super-fast memory
of the future. God bless this, unfortunately rather bad informed marketing
lady who told us that, and God bless us for not consulting her superiors.
RDRAM may be the memory of the future. I am not able to tell what the future
will bring. However, RDRAM is NOT the memory of the PRESENT! It's not even
the memory of the close future either. Maybe space travel is our future too,
but that will still not make you use a space shuttle to get to work in the
morning, will it? AMD can simply not be bothered to support RDRAM right now.
In fact, for AMD it would be close to a suicidal act if it came up with the
same policy as Intel, making RDRAM the only memory for its next processor.
So let's get this clear. AMD could support RDRAM if it wanted to, but it's
not crazy enough to ruin its constantly improving image in the market by
getting unnecessarily close to one of the most disregarded companies in the
whole wide world, RambusInc.

If you summarize this all up you'll find that AMD's processors may not be
the greatest things on earth. They are suffering from the missing thermal
protection and the Athlon doesn't perform quite as well in 3D-games as
Pentium III when both processors are running at the same clock speed.
However, all in all the Duron and Athlon are either better or at least just
as good as their Intel pedants. At the same time AMD is able to supply both
at higher clock speeds, which ensures that the best performers in the
high-end as well as the low-cost segments are coming from AMD and not Intel.

Now you might be aware of all that, or you may have realized it only just
now. However, don't you wonder how it can possibly be that Intel can still
afford selling their processors at prices that are ridiculous compared to
what you've got to pay for AMD parts? This is not the same situation as a
debatable price difference between a Corvette and a Ferrari. Microprocessors
are no status symbols! You won't impress any woman by saying 'I've got Intel
inside'. As long as Intel asks almost triple the price for a Pentium III
1000 than what AMD wants for an Athlon 1000 there is something SERIOUSLY
wrong my dear readers. If Intel is able to get away with that then I am
right, as tough as it may sound, 'the average computer user has got to be
very stupid indeed'. Now please spare with emails saying 'you are obviously
biased against Intel'. Common sense and simple math is all it takes to
follow me


Tony <Tony@litenet.com> wrote in message
news:f1sc5tknm3h729q5u18cbo5knaf1lvs40n@4ax.com...
> I am going to purchase a new computer.  Are there any playing
> differences between the Intel PIII and AMD Athlon processors.
> Are there any know confilcts between CPU and sound or video cards
>
> thanks
>




