From -3416491723531952560
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,edec8466724f9ff9,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-07 14:08:46 PST
From: Jeremiah Kristal <jeremiah@bbi.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Why I love this game
Date: Tue, 07 Aug 2001 17:04:30 -0400
Message-ID: <d9i0ntss9h6ig7d55apif9ji3cimkijhnl@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
NNTP-Posting-Host: gin.w86th.com
X-Trace: nntp2.nac.net 997217911 gin.w86th.com (7 Aug 2001 16:58:31 -0400)
Lines: 74
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!newsfeed.wirehub.nl!newspeer1.nac.net!nntp2.nac.net
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:103996

Yesterday I was doing some very safe and boring EXP soloing in EJ, not
having much fun searching for blues to kite when a couple guildies
asked for folks to help farm some IG drops in Permafrost for warrior
epic.  I got a pickup from a druid and we joined the cleric and
warrior in Perma.  They were slowly working through IGs, but with the
added firepower we started making some seriously quick work of the big
blue bastards.  As we were working our way to Vox's lair, the warrior
fell down one of the traps.  We figured we had an evac, so we all
dropped down below and proceded to just tear that place up.  The
warrior would pull and tank, I would charm first add, and druid would
charm 2nd add since the pit mobs are mostly animals.  
We were trying to work our way back up out of the pit, and somehow got
blasted by an icy terror enough to aggro IGs on the far side of the
wall.  I saw 3 of them hitting me, and who knows what else, so druid
cast succor and we were safe at zone-in.  A quick regroup, we work our
way back, and decide to drop down to the pit again because it's good
exp and fun hunting.  When we dropped down something went wrong and I
saw at least 4 bears and 4 wolves on us, with more coming from around
the corner.  Druid casts succor again, we get out, druid doesn't.
Regroup, back again, drop down, no aggro, rez and continue.  I see
more IGs on track, so we succor out again, work our way back to IGs,
and clear up to Vox's Lair.  
I can see IGs on track, but we're not very familiar with Vox's Lair,
so warrior opens the door to check it out and is immediately jumped by
Ice Giant Priest, Ice Giant Magus, and Ice Giant.  We start to move
in, and have 2 icy terrors join in the battle.  Icy terrors are nasty
solo, because they have this annoying knockback that sends tanks
across the room and some version of gravity flux.  With two of them
we're bouncing around like ping-pong balls almost immediately.  The
druid is bounced right down the trap, aggrod by the pit and hits gate
instead of succor.  Doh!  Druid is now at the Sebilis orb, and we have
5 angry mobs on us.  I charmed 1 icy terror, which worked out really
really well, because everytime non-charmed terror cast knockback or
gravity flux it aggrod my pet, and every time charm broke, if I could
recharm before my pet could finish cast, spell affected mobs, not our
party.  I worked the icy terrors around the corner a bit so and
warrior and cleric were in the entryway, pretty much protected by
rocks from the spells, so they weren't bouncing around anymore.  
Our warrior was able to keep the giants slowed with his procing
hammer, so cleric was able to time heals for maximum effectiveness.  I
got the terrors correctly situated, would sing one pulse of charm, run
around the rock, sing haste, mana, haste, mana, and back out to
recharm.  Every time I came around the rock in range of the terrors, I
was blasted back against the rocks and up into the air.  It's a REALLY
good thing that bards have safefall.  The warrior did a great job
working the 3 giants down to half health, then as soon as he hit
beserk, going full-bore on the Priest.  Once the IG Priest was dead,
it wasn't that much work to kill the Magus and then the regular giant.
The terrors were pretty much OOM from blasting each other and trying
to send bards into orbit, so they were dispatched without too much
trouble.  When we were done we just kind of sat there for a minute,
catching our breath, and just then saw the druid pop back into the
zone.  The fight has lasted long enough that he was able to go AFK to
let the dog out, port to NK, run across the Karanas, up through
Qeynos, and Blackburrow, and finally across Everfrost.  He got there
in time to see us dancing on the last corpse before we looted it.
I went through an entire bar of mana on my charm song (20mana/cast,
recast about every 18 seconds), the cleric was completely OOM and had
been medding with manasong almost the entire time.  Looking through
the logfile, the battle took about 18 minutes, which is the second
longest battle I have personally been in, and the ONLY reason we even
attempted it is that there was no way for us to get out other than
trying to run all the way through Perma with a number of angry mobs
kicking our butts.
It's battles like this that make me remember why I love this game.
Even though these are not the hardest mob in the game, were all blue
cons, and any of the giants could have been solod by the warrior, we
still busted our asses, had to use every trick we could think of, and
even came up with new ones.  It was almost a letdown to go play in
Hate, but at least we got some great drops.

Arolpin Lorespinner
Bard of the 55th Song
Innoruuk Server


