From 3904109254142508952
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c209b95e7b78f92f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-28 08:15:42 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <6cea644b06351f852202c6751acb9b7d@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!xmission!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!newsfeed.telus.net!news3.optonline.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Tue, 28 Oct 2003 16:11:38 GMT
Lines: 79
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 4: The Ring of Scale
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:4748

Loral was returning from his adventures in the desert of Ro when he 
heard news of the kidnapping of the young maiden, Fironia Vie. While the 
clerics of the church of Tunare did not answer directly to King Thex of 
Felwithe, Loral took a personal interest in the return of the Elven 
princess. Rumor had it that she was personally blessed by Tunare, and 
this fact alone gave Loral the drive to help in her rescue.

After meeting with his mentor, Ciric, in Felwithe he made the decision 
to explore Kunark and attempt to find the young maiden. He also wished 
to learn more of the Iksar people. He had heard of King Thex's wrath 
towards the Iksar prisoner, but he personally felt that the king acted 
rash and that you could not denounce an entire race for the actions of 
one group.

Ciric left the city of Felwithe along with Loral and they split up at 
the docks of Butcherblock. Ciric was returning to the church of light in 
Quenos to find more information on these new lands while Loral was going 
to visit the lands himself.

After an explosive introduction to Kunark, Loral had many adventures in 
the land. He spent some time fighting for the newly formed city of Vie 
(named from the young missing maiden) against the scourge of the nearby 
giants of the Kromdek. During these times he ran into the occasional 
Sarnak, a dragon-like creature that stood on two legs and fought like a 
man. He tracked down a particular faction of these creatures, known as 
the Kly, to a crypt in the lands of Warslick Woods. Along with his 
adventuring group he managed to battle his way down through the caverns 
of this dungeon and meet up with the Kly Imprecator, an ancient Sarnack 
that had acted as the servant to Dalnir a millennia ago. After a bloody 
battle with the Kly, Loral discovered a note discussing the young 
Koada'dal maiden, Feronia Vie, and was signed by the Circle of Scale.

Loral met back up with Ciric in Quenos, after traveling back to the 
lands of Antonica and learned that the Circle of Scale was an ancient 
alliance of the greater dragons of Norrath. Some of these great beasts 
stormed in the open lands of Kunark, but most were secluded in their 
lairs deep within the earth including a legendary land known as 
Veeshan's Peaks, where it was rumored the inner lords of the Circle of 
Scale resided.

With the help of the leader of Healers United, Dahlea, Loral found 
himself in a small army that was going to slay the great red dragon, 
Nagafin. After the epic battle against Lord Nagafen, Loral found little 
to help discover the location of Feronia, except to hear of another 
land, undiscovered in thousands of years known as Velious. A land still 
ruled by the great dragons and giants that made their homes there in the 
beginning of time.

Shortly thereafter, Loral was asked to join a raiding party who would be 
going after Lady Vox, Nagafen's mate. While the war party Loral joined 
had no problem battling the goblins who had moved into the fortress of 
Permafrost a millennia ago, and even defeated the Ice Giants who 
protected Vox, treachery was afoot.

The priest of Nagafin, a fire giant emissary of the red dragon had 
warned Lady Vox of the impending attack and she was prepared. She froze 
half the soldiers with her icy breath upon entering the great cavern and 
those that remained standing ran in sheer terror from the beast. Her 
giant guards who had stood in wait pounced on the fleeing warriors and 
crushed them with boulder, feet and fists. Loral managed to escape along 
with a few others from the ambush and later helped to heal the wounded 
who made it out. Wizards and druids helped those trapped in the icy 
caverns to escape from the clutches of the giants. Vox laughed her 
horrible icy laugh as the party scrambled away.

Loral continued his exploration of Kunark, searching for more 
information on the Circle of Scale, and the mysterious lich-king of 
Kunark, Venril Sather who's name is whispered by the dying Lycanthrope's 
outside of Karnor's Castle, where Loral currently hunts.


-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



