From 5670109795197144703
X-Google-Thread: fb739,86702b87d454b1de,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2004 07:48:08 -0600
Date: Fri, 31 Dec 2004 08:48:05 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: AO Professions
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <3NudnT5Xb4YExUjcRVn-1A@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 113
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.155
X-Trace: sv3-agSIsufZogPMdiT5dueZuQ/EAIbUJjrvrvAD/4iEwK+tqnMJTVVg07As6Y1XRTb1lGoohfk9ajCqenA!K7I78QW68IWF2V/gRTmwvuEOOxDahKMS9MxhHFWbmMn2RpYNrGyI6PYeGVolcUSgNNneZkUsSjfz
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:28401

So at this point I've played almost every profession allowed to the free 
accounts (Keeper and Shade require an expansion, and any expansion not 
only costs money, which wouldn't bother me, but changes the account from 
free to monthly fee... and at the moment, I'm not committed enough to AO 
to start paying a fee).  Here's my breakdown of the professions:

Adventurer.  This was the first profession I played, and I need to go 
back and revisit it, because I didn't know enough about the game to 
really know what was going on.  From the start, though, its a pretty 
good one, with healing nanos and a skill set which makes dual weilding 
eitehr ranged or melee fairly cheap.  From the forums, it appears that 
this profession is second best at healing, which makes it sound very 
attractive particularly for soloing.  Groups don't seem to be very 
excited about the class, at least at low levels, demanding doctors since 
they seem more dedicated to heals.

Engineer.  Again, I still didn't know a whole lot about AO when I ran 
this guy, so my experience was tainted, running 7 levels or so with just 
the starting nano, which in the case of engineer is somewhat crippling, 
like runnning around in EQ at level 8 with your level 1 pet.

Enforcer.  I found this the least likable profession I tried, although 
possibly part of that was going the Atrox route; everyone says that you 
should use a big two hander, but the first nano you get increases your 
1hb skill instead.  Only did 3 levels with the guy, very hard to get 
gear on or do much of anything due to his twisted starting stats; I 
imagine some of this was inexperience on my part, and also that after 
getting out of the starting levels the difference caused by a few low 
stats wouldn't be so noticable, offset by the high starting stats in 
other areas.

Doctor.  Here, on the other hand, is a very viable profession at the low 
end of the game, of course it helps that by here I finally had a good 
idea of how progression should work.  Sort of the flip side of an 
adventurer, concentrate on one ranged weapon, perhaps dual weilding, but 
better at healing, best in the game for this, plus some decent buffing. 
  Surprisingly this worked really well for soloing too, because in AO 
you don't seem to get interrupted much, and the targetting system means 
you can primary target your prey, secondary yourself, and heal as 
needed.  From the web forums, apparantly you can still do this in the 
200+ range, and the highly efficient heals means that a somewhat lower 
damage output doesn't matter, you can still solo bosses nobody else can, 
because you can simply outlast them.

Soldier.  By this point I had a pretty good idea how the game works, at 
least in the low end; I decided to commit to this guy up to 25 before 
going back to playing the field.  No heals, but a variety of buffs, from 
skill ups to HP boosts, to AC increases, to some that reduce incoming 
damage and in some cases reflect a portion of it back to the attacker. 
Biggest problem I found was not having the NCU to run all the buff lines 
on myself!  Well, that and running low on IP points trying to keep 
weapons and nanos and so on all in good shape.  Finally at 24 I found 
out I could buy more NCU from stores, and almost doubled my NCU 
capacity.  I still know comparatively little about the game over 10, and 
this characters suffered from that, but its a foray into the realm anyway.

Martial Artist.  Many people love this one, I'm not one of them.  I 
tried going weaponless, what this means is that you can't upgrade your 
weaponry; every other class can get upgraded damage output within a few 
levels of starting the game, to a point where you won't be able to do 
better till your mid teens unless you have a rich uncle on the mainland. 
  I tried Bow as an alternative, but then wasn't able to use any of the 
special martial arts skills I was in the class for in the first place.

Metaphysician.  Didn't go too far with this one either, basically a pet 
and nuke class, but as with all classes at the low levels, the nukes 
were underwhelming, and I didn't like the pets much either.  Apparantly 
at higher levels you can run multiple pets, some of which will heal and 
so on, which might be interesting; I didn't get that far.

Trader.  Never did figure out the point of this profession; relatively 
poor at combat, skills geared to a variety of buffs, one interesting 
thing was the ability to charm a target... but doing so, at least at low 
levels, means being rooted in place yourself, and given the spacing 
between mobs in missions, this means you end up putting the charmed pet 
on "hunt" mode, and sitting around waiting for exp messages to roll in 
or the pet to break charm.  Oh the thrill.

Agent.  Nano's oriented around concealment, and the profession is 
oriented around sneaking and sniping.  Trouble is, in my experience, its 
difficult to set up a sniper shot, because the mobs tend to know you are 
there unless you've been sneaking from well away from them; their 
awareness range is much larger than their aggro range.  If you do manage 
to set up a sniper shot, its unimpressive, similar to the damage done by 
a weapon on full auto... but unlike this shot, no matter how long the 
combat goes on you are never going to get another sniper shot in.  I'm 
told that eventually the damage done by sniping becomes very dramatic. 
The other thing that agents can do is fake other professions, using this 
talent to put on gear restricted to other professions, and to use nanos 
from other professions.  I didn't manage to do this at all, you need 
100NCU just to run those nanos... and at the time I hadn't figured out 
how that was possible.  Of course its by getting a good multislot belt 
and loading up 5 good memories into the deck slots; some expense 
involved, but not impossible at even a low level I guess.  Off limits, 
though, are the pet nanos, which is a pity because that was my first 
thought for using this part of the profession.

Bureaucrat.  This is my current project, its another pet class, starts 
out with no pet oddly, but several are in the package sold on the 
island.  In addition, you've got direct damage nano, and something that 
looks like a mez; the latter hasn't been useful so far because mobs 
don't come double on the island much, and its not hard to pull singles
in the subway or on missions, at least at low levels.  From my soldier 
experience, it should come in more handy at higher levels.  Of the three 
pet classes, this is the one that looks most interesting to me, in part 
perhaps because the pet looks much more cool than the automaton of the 
engineer or the Anger Manifestation of the metaphysicians.

I haven't tried the Fixer yet, nor the Nanotech.  I'm not sure what the 
fixer is supposed to be, the Nanotech looks like a nuke oriented class, 
which my experience with other classes suggests is going to be painful 
at low levels, where there are no nano replenishment devices to be had.



