From 577225176470863223
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,392cfffc8ce7a44f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-07 10:55:14 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "James" <jamesgrahame@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3B6FBAC6.60F962DF@hotmail.com> <3B6F9FB8.4AC7742@servtech.com>
Subject: Re: Warrens Hunting Guide ?
Lines: 118
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 4.72.3110.1
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Message-ID: <zWVb7.25532$uM6.3604413@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Tue, 07 Aug 2001 17:53:35 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.72.152
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 997206815 216.232.72.152 (Tue, 07 Aug 2001 11:53:35 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 07 Aug 2001 11:53:35 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:103859


georg wrote in message <3B6F9FB8.4AC7742@servtech.com>...
>Jim Monk wrote:
>>
>> Oh and what level should I be before I go there ?
>> (I'm level 5 atm and hunting in toxx, could it be any darker ?)

    I have a necromancer that dinged to 20 yesterday in The Warrens, and has
been there pretty much her entire life. With regards to level, hunt in the
newbie garden until you've greened the entire thing. Once you make that /pet
attack a fire beetle hotkey, you'll be chasing Jobantik from mob to mob -
you rarely run out. Reason? Once inside The Warrens, level becomes CRUCIAL
as to how many mobs you pull at once. So get as high as possible first.

>I took a heretic cleric from level 5 to level 9 there just staying in
>the doorway. She's still there LFG occassionally. Find a partner or more
>for your first couple of levels, and after that you might be able to
>solo with just your pet for company.

    You will pull pairs when you first start adventuring there. In fact, the
standard pull there is a pair of mobs. You'll be able to handle it, but it
will take some getting used to. There are some wanderers near the zone, as
Tirea/Tiru mentioned later. Unless you're with a partner, they could mean
having to zone. Don't feel like you have to save the pet - there's a TON of
bone chips just outside. And remember: everything Darknessed, ALWAYS, and
back off the pet if the runner gets anywhere close to other mobs.

>Do: Zone as soon as you hear a shout about a train coming. Call your own
>trains. Hunting by the door means you ARE on the tracks, and as soon as
>the guy running zones, the train will jump on you. Keep an eye out for
>random wanderers. Usually a runt wanders all the way across the entry
>hall, but somtimes it is a Howler. Howlers are level 9ish, and will take
>your lunch money and make you cry for some time to come. Zone
>immediately, unless you can take it.
>
>Save your molars. Hand them in Paineel in the Royal Palace. If you have
>a body who can invis you (i don't remember if necros get this), you may
>be able to hand the molars in Erudin- but it's not likely that those
>folk will speak to your nasty self.

    Don't bother going to Erudin to do molars - it'll take a lot of faction
work for you to get in the door there, and it isn't necessary. Molars are
TREMENDOUS XP, and the cash is incredible - especially if you get lucky and
get a piece of ringmail. You will have all your spells from hunting in The
Warrens, easy.

>I also took my good cleric from level 12 to 18 down further in, by
>medding in the room with the Kerran prisoners.

    If you have a group, the Kerran Prisoners make good XP for a few levels,
too. ;-) Note that they will assist the Erudite in the room. I THINK the
Erudite is on HighGuards faction, as when I first encountered him he was
dubious, and stayed so despite my killing him whenever he popped.

> They have since added a
>Erudite to this room, which means it is no longer a safe room for Evils-
>although most Evils have no trouble taking out this Erudite. Pull the
>pit fighters, the smithy, and the kitchen to this room.

    I pulled these areas to the zone, all the way through 20. Foodmaster
turns high green at 19, and the lowest Pit Fighters also turn high green at
19. At lower levels, there's one Howler that adds when you pull Pit Fighter,
and there's a Howler that can be wandering outside Food/Smithy. Pull these
pests until you get a lower level, non-aggro spawn.

    That brings up another point: if a faction farmer wanders in, talk to
them ASAP about killing stuff towards the King area, NOT towards Prince. All
your pulls will be out of the Prince area, and it's more than annoying when
you set up all the "could add" spawns to be non-adds, then some clown comes
and kills them all and resets them. Also if they clear King-direction
spawns, you can let runners get farther away. ;-)

>There is another
>safe room not far from the prince, and you can pull various things in
>that area to that room,

    If you're solo, I recommend against this. Many of the mobs in the Prince
area have SoW from the Lesser Shaman mobs, and if any of them tags you (or
if you get nuked by a shaman add) the pet will come roaring out of that room
and pull half the surrounding mobs on himself, even the level 16 pet. If the
pet is parked at zone, the pull IS longer but you can /back off the pet
before he gets his own adds. If you're constantly being run down, pull with
Cancel Magic - it might drop a SoW, and it will make shaman mobs delay to
rebuff the target.

> and at higher levels take on the Prince and his
>guards, or the King, and in your high 20s, come back for the Muglwump.

    There's a pair of mobs in front of the proper Prince area that are
usually blue in the 16 to 18 range - they're good pulling. The actual guards
at Prince have a very high respawn rate. There's two higher level spawns in
front, with two lower-level (Rabid, Lesser Shaman) behind them, and the
Prince (level 18 SK) is flanked by two Pack Elder/Greater Shaman/Huge
Kobold-level mobs. You can pull the front two fast spawns without anything
else adding. The area has some wanderers, but from what I've seen medding
jammed in a corner works.

    At around 11 or so, leave the Warrens for a bit. Just outside of Paineel
are two Skeleton mobs and an Abandoned Heretic Pet. They respawn very fast,
will be just blue, and are great for practicing Evocation up. The worst
levels are just before a new spell level, as your pet is unable to tank what
you pull - so look for ways like those skeletons to avoid doing The Warrens
during those levels.

    One last tip. You are a necromancer - you can land spells (Taps, most
DoTs) on stuff most casters cannot touch. If a friendly high-level faction
farmer comes in, and you're already chatting, ask if they'd like to pull the
rares to zone for you. Many of them have good drops, and you can DoT them
and Tap them to death on a full bar of mana usually. If you cast a Tap and
it's resisted, ask the puller to kill it - you can't touch it. The toughest
mob in the dungeon, Muglwump, is level 25. By getting folks to do this, I
already have a Cloak of the Forlorn (3 INT cloak) and a Black Silken Cord (2
INT belt), in addition to other odds and ends for trade. Good luck!

    James





