From 989764497134656998
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4039a2aefa9b45e1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-07 07:55:56 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <42483e506d2f11095bf5e4475fae3173@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!opentransit.net!news-xfer.cox.net!peer02.cox.net!cox.net!news3.optonline.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Fri, 07 Nov 2003 15:51:05 GMT
Lines: 139
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 16: Trouble At Home
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6353


Tales of Loral, Chapter 16: Trouble At Home

The sound of rattling bone and steel on stone echoed along with the 
screams of the tortured souls in the Plane of Hate. A slender figure 
strode past the hideously twisted minions of the Dark Lord, taking no 
notice as they snapped to attention when he passed. Behind the figure 
walked two enormous trolls wearing the bone armor of ancient beasts and 
carrying the glowing black blades of Innoruuk's elite guard. The blood 
red cloak of the Elven figure billowed out behind him, a deep contrast 
to the dark purple armor and pale skin of Innoruuk's high priest and 
military advisor. The three figures climbed up the steps of Innoruuk's 
church and the two trolls turned to guard the entrance as Loral 
Ciriclight stepped past the great archway. Inside sat the Prince of 
Darkness upon his throne of the skulls of heroes. Innoruuk smiled.

"You cannot deny who you are, my friend. Though you were made aware, one 
cannot change what lies in one's heart." Loral placed his hand over the 
symbol of Innoruuk that hung around his neck and kneeled before his master.

Loral woke with a start to the sound of breaking glass from the tavern 
next door. Apparently another debate over the price of velium or of 
Kormrif Spit Vodka had erupted into the all too common Coldain bar 
brawl. Loral had once been shocked and horrified by the event but 
eventually understood it as a typical social encounter with the sturdy 
dwarves. Why the bartender insisted on installing a new window every 
night was a question that always baffled Loral.

Loral got off his small cot and stretched out. These quarters were a 
little crampt and didn't offer as much privacy as Loral wished, but 
living with the Coldain miners offered Loral a perspective of Coldain 
life that he never would have gotten from the high class inn he was 
originally offered when he came to stay in Thurgadin.

Loral put on his green robes of Tunare and began to step outside of the 
small apartment when he found a sealed letter at the doorway. It had 
been stamped by no fewer than four of the Antonican bards who delivered 
out this way, a long journey for such a package and very expensive. As 
soon as Loral recognized the wax seal as that of Yeolarn Bronzeleaf the 
High Priest of Tunare, he opened it at once.

     My Dear Loral,

     It is with saddened heart that I give you the following news. A 
great horror has befallen our people and our Lady Tunare. An epic battle 
between the avatar of the Mother and the beast Cazic Thule took place a 
week ago. Our Lady has fallen and a plague of evil has taken over the 
lands of Lesser Faydark. Undead Sprites tear apart every living thing 
that resides within and even the Lady Fironia Vie's advisor, 
Quellimaine, has been perverted into serving the Beast.

     At this very moment the council of the Sword and the Church of 
Tunare are in session to determine a course of action.

     Because of these dark times the council of Felwithe is unable to 
provide aid to the noble Coldain in their war with the Kromrif.

     I know this comes as a great disappointment to you. For that I am 
sorry my friend.

     I wish you and your friends well and may the Mother watch over us all.

     Yeolarn Bronzeleaf

     High Priest of Tunare

Loral dropped the note to the floor and wept.

For months Loral had assisted in the raiding parties and spy teams 
gathering information and hindering the progression of the Kromrif 
armies. Loral's reputation with the Coldain had gone from suspicion and 
mistrust into respect and admiration over the months. When Loral 
returned to the council of Thurgadin with the news that the Kromrif 
would be invading within a week, the Dain put every able bodied dwarf 
under the command of his field general and top officers. They 
immediately began preparation for the battle to come, a far cry from the 
political meetings of the Felwithe council that usually lasted for 
weeks. The Dain was saddened to hear of the lack of Fier'dal support but 
took Loral's personal attendance and offer to assist as a sign of good 
faith if not for the High Elves than of himself.

For three days and nights Loral sat in the cold damp caverns of the 
Greater Divide and battled the Kromrif. A short distance to the north 
was the waterfall entrance to Thurgadin, protected by the army of the 
mightest Coldain warriors. A fellow member of Healers United, the Lady 
Catlin, sent reports of their battles and of the progression of the 
Kromrif army. Only a short distance away Loral's group, a mix of the 
most powerful mercenaries and adventurers from all over Norrath, drew 
small groups of the Kromrif warriors and veterans out and awy from 
Thurgadin, slowly but surely thinning out their numbers. For three days 
they fought, filling the snow and the stream with the blood of giants. 
On the evening of the third day, Loral was healing the wounds of the 
scouts when he came across the mighty Shadowknight, Ggan the Reaver. The 
scarred troll wore an entire suit of bone armor and carried a black 
pulsing blade. Though no one was very comfortable sitting next to the 
dark knight, Loral found him more disturbing than most but couldn't 
understand exactly why. Upon noticing Loral's stare, Ggan grinned 
bearing great fangs and deepening the scar that cut through his face. 
Loral hurried past.

A few minutes later it was announced that Narandi the Wretched himself 
had joined his troops in battle. Defeating him would send the Kromrif 
armies into disarray and Thurgadin would be safe. The scouts were 
quickly sent out to draw him away from the armies and to the caverns 
where the adventurers ambush awaited. Enraged by the though that so few 
had killed so many giants, Narandi took the bait and rushed quickly into 
the trap. The enchanted blades of a dozen warriors cut in at him while 
powerful spells unleashed the elements. Narandi's great sword, carved 
from teh bones of an ancient wyrm, cut down the warriors one after 
another. No prayer of healing cold protect them in time. The clerics 
quickly abandoned healing the warriors and instead began resurrecting 
them as soon as they had been killed. Fallen warriors shook off the 
chill of death, picked ub their weapons and continued the battle with 
Narandi the Wretched. The blades of the risen warriors began to cut deep 
into Narandi's thick hide, sending him into a rage. Great waves of flame 
poured over the giant and with one last howl, the lord of the Kromrif 
invasion was destroyed.

The familiar crash of the tavern's front window woke Loral with a start. 
Loral sighed and stretched out feeling his back crack. Many windows had 
been installed and broken since the Kromrif army had been routed and 
their field commander slain. One happy dwarf even had the honor of being 
thrown through it by the hero of the outlanders, a rogue of all people, 
after a particularly crass remark about intimate relations with a tree. 
Loral noticed another package at his door, this one larger and stamped 
with the seal of his mentor, Ciric Azilebane. Inside Loral found a small 
book, handwritten under Ciric's pen, entitled "A Guide to the Claws of 
Veeshan". Lorla spent two days in his small hut studying the words 
within the book. Loral might have found the ally he needed after all. 
The most powerful ally in all of Norrath.

-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



