From -4575016106684016305
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9d62eba0e3d53d45
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-03-02 06:02:58 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-xit-08!supernews.com!216.166.71.14.MISMATCH!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.comcast.com!news.comcast.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 02 Mar 2003 08:02:58 -0600
From: "Caeli Sidhe" <angrycornflake@NOSPAM.comcast.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <L2m8a.315874$be.297779@rwcrnsc53>
Subject: Re: New cleric
Date: Sun, 2 Mar 2003 07:03:00 -0700
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Message-ID: <yuucnQSaqbyPkv-jXTWcow@comcast.com>
Lines: 191
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.35.139.66
X-Trace: sv3-RmlJOK3BQnL1g6VUDTciLcsqAx3HdAO2SFPv/iOkzzVi651CoRcz4CAmNmkKIYHnqoIzh3G5r/u0rsT!oIBm/V1tmHB6jyqgXFcP3lnK3NECW5oW2DZkaAvTgTBVguhkMAfCPEcc3kem
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:268572

"persival" <hoggsdale@yahoo.com> wrote in message
news:L2m8a.315874$be.297779@rwcrnsc53...
> Recently started a cleric ,Lomaxx is 4th level.I have a 35 lev druid but
> this cleric seem more fun for me right now.What do I need to know to be a
> good cleric(I made sure to max my intelligence up so my manna will be
> high.....just kidding,no my wisdom is maxed)So what else do I need to look
> at to be a great cleric?BTW That invulnerability spell does save asses.
>
>

Well if you're already in the habit of using DA, then you're doing good so
far.  But I'll give you my few pointers.  I'm sure there are those here that
can give even better advice, but I'll tell you how I played my cleric and
hope that helps.

Gear:
For the first 35 levels or so I concentrated on getting WIS high.  Main goal
was to break 200.  After that, started looking for gear with more AC.
Periodically, look at the average amount of money you're collecting and go
to the bazaar and make a wish list on paper of items you could reasonably
save up for that would be an improvement to current gear.  Then watch the
prices and hope you see an item on that list for a good price.  For
instance, I found a Sebilite Scale Coat that normally goes for around 2500pp
on my server for 1700 and grabbed it immediately.

Spell Skills:
Since you've played a druid, I'm sure you know the fun of casting low level
spells to get your skills up so you don't fizzle mid-battle.  But here's a
few things I did to help myself so I didn't have to engage in this boring
task all the time.  Alteration and Abjuration will go up fairly quickly on
their own since you'll be casting these ALL the time.  For Conjuration, I've
been summoning my own food since I got the spells (Summon 1 drink at 5, 1
food at 9, 4 drink at 29, 4 food at 34) so by the time I get to 54 summoning
my mini-pet won't be as much of a fizzle fest)  Evocation, I was lazy with
and happened to get lucky and get into a group with a second cleric and was
on nuke duty.  This was a rather strange group since they were killing mobs
rather quickly with or without me, so I pulled out my nuke from a few levels
before (was fizzling my newest one like mad) and kept nuking for VERY low
damage, but it got my Evoc skill up rather quickly and from there I've been
fine.  Don't count on this though, practice the skill on your own, nuke
player corpses for an hour or so.  Have it up before level 44 though cause
you actually get a decent nuke then (Retribution 496-519 DD).  Divination is
of course the hardest skill for anyone since all you do is invis with it as
a cleric.  And since this is not a mid-battle skill most of the time, the
only reason to care about fizzling is downtime and people laughing at you as
your fizzles fly across the screen.  Get it up near 50 or so though and you
should be reasonably fine to see it go up on its own from there.

Buffing:
Buff everyone in your group with your HP/AC and straight AC buffs and if you
have the cash, throw your symbols on the MT once you've figured out who that
is.  I personally didn't really start symboling until I got to the Jasper
spell, but that's a personal decision.  At Peridots it all depends on how
I'm doing on cash.  Gets very expensive at 10p 5g a cast to buff people.
I've fought with a few tanks that keep a stack of Peri's on them at all
times and give them to me for each symbol and I love them for it.  But
casting symbol on a tank will make him/her remember you, so choose for
yourself.  Also another thing with buffing, our buffs heal the amount they
buff, so it can be a great mana saving "heal" to cast on other casters if
they've only taken a little bit of damage.

Healing:
Each heal you get you need to learn the timing of.  At first you'll just
have base heals so the choice is a lot simpler than when you get to choosing
between Complete Heal and Celestial (more about these later).  What I would
suggest is to imagine that at, say 80-90% health is where everyone's health
bar ends and forget they have more than that.  Try and keep them at this
point when you can.  The worst thing is to cast a heal and have them be at
complete health from it (unless we're talking CHeal here, but that's rather
obvious).  Reason being if you heal someone for 300HP and they only had
taken 250HP of damage, you just wasted a bit of mana.  And the key to a good
cleric is mana conservation.  Also there will be times when you will have to
NOT heal someone for various reasons.  If someone else needs a heal more
desperately, if healing them would bring hella agro on you causing you to be
dead, etc.  If someone will stay alive for a few more seconds without you
healing them, and someone else won't (be in the habit of watching the rate
at which HP bars are dropping for this judgment call) then heal the person
who won't stay alive.  Also if a tank comes back with a pull of 4-5 mobs and
he is already almost dead, casting CHeal on him is going to result in you
getting at least 3-4 of these mobs on you and in most situations you'll be
dead rather quickly.  Remember you can rez and sometimes it's better to let
one tank take a dirt nap then you take the nap followed by everyone else in
the group and a 6 man CR.  Explain the reason you did this AFTER the battle
and if they bitch at you, time to find a new group.

Now CHealing and Celestial...the fun mix.  I tend to only use CHeal on a
true tank since it is the most mana efficient (of course at 39, CHeal is
your best heal all around except for INT casters, then use your old heal
until you get Celestial).  Always have two heals up.  Your newest one and
your old one.  Gotta keep the boys and girls in dresses on their feet
without wasting mana.  I can't really give you too much detail on "how" to
heal since it's more of an intuitive feel for the game which in time you'll
develop on your own.  Just watch how fast the bars are dropping, know how
much your current heal moves their bar and judge accordingly.

Rezzing: (donation or not)
I found that expecting a donation for a certain amount for each rez only
leads to disappointment.  Got myself into the habit of not demanding a
donation, but if one is given, taking it and being happy.  Generally I rez
and then heal them, if a donation is given (as long as it's not pocket lint)
then I buff them as well and thank them.  Now of course if you get a tell
across zones for a rez (this will start happening more as you get toward the
90/96 rezzes) then work out a payment arrangement before you travel there.
I personally will NOT travel into the middle of a dangerous zone to rez
someone.  A cleric's job is to rez, not deal with difficult CR's as this
merely leads to a second CR for yourself.  Explain this to people and tell
them if they can get the body near a zoneline and especially if it's close
to somewhere you can PoK near, then the donation hardly needs to be
anything.  All of this is for when you are not busy or in a group.  If I'm
in a group, the ONLY way someone gets a rez is if they bring the body to my
group and then they have to wait until I have the mana for it without
causing mad downtime to my group.  But if this is the case, I typically
won't even mention something about a donation at all.  Now if someone
becomes a complete pain in your ass about rezzing (various ways this can
happen) then start keeping a No Rez list near your computer.  I only have
about 3 people on this list, but still.

Grouping:
You should very seldom have trouble finding a group as a cleric (only class
that is easier is Enchanter).  Every now and then you will since clerics are
a bit common, but will be a lot easier than if you were a rogue (personally
I love having a good rogue in a group, but others don't seem to as much).
Remember that with the enchanter you basically run the group.  If you are
majorly low on mana then the group stops pulling.  If you have to go from
suggestion to demand, then do so.  I can tend toward being a bitch playing
my cleric sometimes, but ah well.  I must play well enough that people
tolerate me.  As you play you'll start seeing people that you really like
grouping with.  A tank that holds agro really well, etc.  My friends list is
mainly made up of good tanks since most of my actual "friends" are in my
guild.  Speaking of which....

Guilds:
Don't be too eager about jumping into a guild.  Get high enough level and be
a non-guilded cleric and you will have tons of guilds at your doorstep
begging you to join them, so you can research and choose wisely.

Other spell lines/creative uses:
Root is your best friend.  For a bad pull, try and root one of the adds and
get the group to pull the others back.  This may take a lot of screaming at
the group by you, but in time they learn and it saves lives.  Of course with
casters, this doesn't work, but with melee type mobs, it's basically cleric
crowd control

Pacify is another great spell.  You get it at 39 and it's the best version
of your Calm line.  Basically get close enough to cast this on all of the
mobs and then let your puller pull and most of the time you get single
pulls.  Every once in a blue moon I'll see this resisted to the point it
pulls agro, but most of the time it isn't.  When you can afford it, buy a
Donal's Bracer of Mourning since it has a right click effect of this spell.
In certain zones can make all the difference.  It's also a spell that most
people don't tend to know about so gives you a chance to show off and
impress the group.  Everyone that knows me well enough knows how much I am
totally in love with this spell.

My last bit of advice, if you want to be a good cleric, DO NOT play the game
distracted unless you are really good at tuning things out.  I've seen and
heard about clerics that go afk during a bad pull resulting in a group wipe
and am just amazed.  Playing a cleric can get rather serious sometimes, but
that's part of the job.  If you start to get too tired, or even worse,
drunk, tell the group you're getting tired and you have to go.  By the way,
prepare for a total ego trip in time since a lot of the times when you leave
a group, unless you have found a replacement, the group falls apart and
leaves as well.  Makes me feel reluctant to leave sometimes, but real life
is more important.

When I first started playing EQ (as a ranger and then a monk) I always
thought playing a Cleric would be boring.  It is FAR from that.  It can tend
to get boring in time, but overall it's a very fun class to play.  You're
semi-limited in terms of playstyle, but having the entire group resting on
your shoulders makes up for that.  My favorite times is during a bad pull
and pulling the group out alive at the end.  Totally amazing feeling.

Enjoy your cleric and I hope this helps.

--

-------------------------------------
Caeli Sidhe
High Elf Cleric of 50 Seasons
<Guardians of Wolven Spirit>
Terris-Thule
http://www.magelo.com/eq_view_profile.html?num=385094

Mangalor
30 Dark Elf Magician
Age Of Discovery
Test Server
-----------------------------------------





