From -5740960701682279282
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4a1d344f3a67be2d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-21 05:04:02 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news.tele.dk!news.tele.dk!small.news.tele.dk!newsfeed00.sul.t-online.de!newsfeed01.sul.t-online.de!t-online.de!newspeer1-gui.server.ntli.net!ntli.net!newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "-Martin" <villa@atcheerful.dotcom>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <Twzya.8713$O72.2715568@news2.telusplanet.net>
Subject: Re: Attn. Meemers, re: the two Magelos
Lines: 152
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <RWJya.893$PT3.59003@newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net>
Date: Wed, 21 May 2003 13:09:51 +0100
NNTP-Posting-Host: 62.252.204.152
X-Complaints-To: abuse@virgin.net
X-Trace: newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net 1053518641 62.252.204.152 (Wed, 21 May 2003 13:04:01 BST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 21 May 2003 13:04:01 BST
Organization: Virgin Net Usenet Service
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:283632

"James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca> wrote in message
news:Twzya.8713$O72.2715568@news2.telusplanet.net...
>     I took a look at them today. I've assumed Kurey is flagged to go
> wherever and do whatever. My suggestions for Jak are a lot more basic -
I'll
> do that first.

They are both flagged for the elementals (incl fire)

>     Jak: needs more HPs, and more pool. He's a bot, so even though he goes
> on raids resists were a secondary consideration. He pretty much has all
the
> foci he'll need, or be able to get cheaply. Question: he has two Totems of
> the Rathe? Or is the one in inventory supposed to be another type of
totem?

He has just 1 totem.  I had it in his inventory, but when I gave you the
magelos I did a quit update (and put it in his offhand, where it always is)
In total he has affliction haste4 (lame), that haste of mithaniel bone
thing, and the heal 4 totem.

He does have a bag of resist gear also (BD etc, and earing of resistance)

>     Replace the Frozen Skull earring with an Earring of the Solstice.
> Long-overdue change.

Yes very long-overdue.  I've had most the pieces since the quest came out
(for my shaman, mage and wiz)... was always waiting on a sickle and pole -
Gonna just get it when I next log on and aren't raiding.

> Replace his Grobb Liquidized Meats with Kaladim
> Constitutionals. Gain one WIS, lose one STA, and gain 5 all saves.  The GF
> can make these easy if she has a Corking Device.

She finds Kaladim Constitutionals a real pain in the ass to make, so I only
use them on my monk.  The rest of our chars have to make do with grob!

> You need a new hat, badly. Droppable alternatives are the Metal Linked
Crown and the Tae
> Ew Spiritcaller's Coif.

I have the metal linked crown on my bazaar mule.  It didn't even occur to me
that it was an upgrade - its just some junk I sell for 100pp.  Not seen the
Taw Ew coif (web access is down atm) - Im assuming its smithing made, from
CT?

> If you can handle those three big bots in the factory in PoI, you could
try for a
> Polished Smoothmetal Torque. Getting one of them
> would allow you to swap in your Rathe totem with the guild for something
> else like the Spell Haste IV one.

Not familiar with PoI, or "three big bots".. no clue if its within my
capability?
Im always willing to try tho!  We did Velk as you suggested! (see mage
reply)

> If you got a spell haste IV totem, you
> could get a Hiero and ditch the Dain cloak.

I was planning on giving the dain cloak to my mage, once I finally hand in
my frakdar's talisman (50? mana/haste cloak).. Im not sure though - as much
as I wanna gear up and play my mage,  I do still have to use monk/shm on a
virtually daily basis.

So would switching the cloaks be a big loss?  Looking at his usual spell
line -
Malo, Ferine, Canni, Quies, Tnarg, swap, blood of saryn, turgers..

Malo, Canni and turgers are the only spells that my cloak works on.  Malo
will be replaced with Malos when I get round to it, and I don't use canni4
much.. but hasted turgers is obviously a big deal.

> Another option for a hat which I think your army of bots could do would be
a Shaderock > Crown, off the Va'Dyn.

Hmm.. I killed him a few times when my rogue was leveling up.  I initially
wanted the neck, for my rogue.  Maybe I'll convince people to hit Akheva
again sometime

The other planned changes for him are some PoE tradeskill bracers and arms.
The legs don't look much of an upgrade, and although the BP would be +100
MANA(i think), I think vindi BP is still good enough tho.

> Change her drink over to Kaladim Constitutionals.

She seems to carry a stack of both drinks, dunno why..

> For a shoulder piece, two options. Either help her complete her eighth
Coldain shawl
> (+50 HP/MANA and buff extension focus), or have her wait for a shoulder
off the charm
> chickens in Fire. You should be killing them both once per three days,
they

She has her mind set on the 8th shawl.  Not sure whats needed now (I think
she has all the skills at the right level, but I have to check).. so
something else to push for.

> Her arms and gloves need upgrading, but there's not much out there that
> can upgrade them without being serious raid-level. Other than elemental
> smithing (which is very difficult to get components for), I think Elbow
> Spiked Arm Plates and Ironmail Gauntlets might be the only droppables out
> there that really upgrade her.

I don't think I'll be soloing the PoN maze anytime soon.. maybe I'll check
by Tactics sometime.  Its a zone I pretty much avoided outright.. just too
much of a karnors feeling to the place.

As for elemental smithing - depends on zone i guess.  PoE is my usual exp
spot, so anything in that place is possible.  I get the feeling PoF or PoW
armour would be more appropriate tho?  That would generally rule them out.

> I can think of that's an upgrade. There's a one-group killable named in
> Fire, the Doomfire Reaver IIRC, that drops the Manacle of the Wise. That
> would be worth snagging after the server repops, if it's up. Other than

What kindof melee/hp/abilities?  As a Euro im blessed with being at home
when the servers come up, but I can't make guarantees for guildie warrs etc

> Kurey also needs a new mask. Thankfully, there's a ton of masks out
> there that are upgrades to what she has. First, the no drop one. Remember
> how I used to kill that Paffa guy in CoD with two clerics and two
> necromancers total? Well, he seems to have a one day respawn from what we

She was waiting for mask of piety (goes to bots now).. but were mostly done
with vexthal now, so this is unlikely (cry, I still need 2 earings from
there)
I have dreadfang in my rogues bank, if nothing else I'll drop it on jak.

> Remember how on the way to some of the trials in Sol Ro's Tower you'd
> run across mini-nameds that dropped minor items? The Fine Ivory Beaded
Veil
> drops off one of those minis, some named Imp IIRC. At least on my server,
> nobody goes to Sol Ro's Tower to do XP

Theres a reason nobody goes to solro for exp!
Entry mobs level 65, massive agro range, and come in pairs, generally tends
to that!
Are you refering to the "named" guys on the way to Dreso?   Apart from being
a loooong boring clearing, that shit is pretty tough for your average 5
person bot group!

Btw, no cloak suggestions?  Cloak and mask were the 2 key areas that needed
some working on (well and neck, but she replaced the tracking wolf coller
with a Zland talisman... heh)

Thanks :)

-martin




