From -2792232440384426837
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f83afcd39fbee01a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!pln-w!spln!lex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!news3
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Monual's New Expansion
Date: Wed, 14 Sep 2005 11:06:09 -0500
Organization: http://newsguy.com
Lines: 147
Message-ID: <dg9hpi015bb@news3.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-161.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2527
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2527
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6009

It is with anticipation that I leave work last night and rush home - the 
details I've seen leaked about the new expansion sound intriguing.  I get 
home at my usual 7:30ish and immediately begin the patch process.

It goes very smoothly and quickly.  Too quickly.  I pre-ordered the 
expansion by clicking "Yes" on one of those annoying pop-ups when logging in 
a few weeks ago, but I hadn't seen my computer downloading any files in the 
meantime.  I remember when Gates of Discord came out; the patch seemed to go 
similarly quickly, but when I logged in, I couldn't actually enter any of 
the new zones.  I click on "Advanced Options" and find out that the Descent 
to Darkhollow box isn't checked.  I check it, click on "Complete File 
Check", and suddenly that patcher informs me it will take two hours to 
download the necessary files.

Drat.  I never thought I'd see a day where DSL seems slow.  I content myself 
by watching Deep Space Nine DVD's I had rented with NetFlix.

Two hours later I log on.  I quickly say Hello to the guild, then try to 
track what's happened.  First off, my UI seems slightly wrong.  I have a 
custom UI, but not overly so.  I've experimented with various custom UI's 
over the years, but they never seem quite right to me, plus you always face 
the problem of what to do when the author of a custom UI abandons the game 
and stops updating.  A customer UI that was heavily pushed by its author on 
the EQClerics forum was one such example.  My requirements are few.  For the 
most part I stick with the default UI with just a couple of bits and pieces 
I've picked up from others.  A horizontal bar that combines my bags, primary 
and secondary hand holdings, and hoktkeys.  A horizontal spell bar with the 
complete name of the spell - I had to manually edit it to accommodate the 
ninth spell gem when I couldn't find a replacement or update to it on 
EQinterface.  A buff window that also has the complete spell name.  A 
self-target with my health and mana on it, as well as XP, AAXP, and 
Leadership XP.  And that's it.  Fortunately, none of the UI changes in the 
new expansion affect any of that, and all I have to do is reposition a few 
things.  I also see the new "EQ" button and stick it in the upper right-hand 
corner for now.

Now, what to do.  I see that I have something I can claim for pre-ordering 
the expansion.  I do so, and a runed fang appears in my inventory.  I ask 
the guild what I'm supposed to do with it, and I'm told there's a gargoyle 
in PoK that I turn it in to.  So I zone out of the guild hall.  After 
zoning, I get a message that I have unclaimed Veterans Rewards, which is odd 
because I claimed those for Monual ages ago.  I ask if anyone else is 
getting those.  It's a bug, I'm told.

I find the gargoyle - not hard to find as he's surrounded by lots of 
characters.  I hail him and he smiles, revealing a missing fang.  I give him 
my fang and get a bunch of text from him - and nothing else.  I frown, then 
hail him again, and suddenly I'm asked if I want to assume a new form. 
Happily I do so, and I find that I've been turned into a Runed Gargoyle - a 
berserker Runed Gargoyle, no less.  I spend a fun few minutes allocating his 
AAXP, then I create a new bank of hotkeys for his abilities.  When I'm done, 
I've lost everything in my inventory except for some food, water, and 
healing clovers, and I'm a gargoyle with wings and everything.

I ask where's a place that a zerker can solo.  Plane of Fire I'm told.  So I 
head towards the PoT stone.  Wait, says the person who answered, he meant a 
well-geared zerker, not a 5K-hitpoint-having no-gear zerker.  Plus you need 
levitation to get to the good soloing spots.  I have levitation, I respond, 
it's right here in my abilities.  Try it, is the response.  I click on the 
levitation hotkey, and it informs me I can't levitate because I have no 
mana.  Argh.  How exactly is a zerker supposed to *get* mana?

Meanwhile, some of my guildies are trying an expedition and ask if anyone 
else wants in.  I pipe up that I'd be happy to join.  So I get an expedition 
and group invite.  I look around the UI, trying to figure out how to get out 
of Runed Gargoyle mode.  Finding nothing, I ask the guild.  I'm told I need 
to go back to the gargoyle and say "Remove".  So off I trudge.  My Runed 
Gargoyle form doesn't have Run 5.  I'd forgotten how slow default run speed 
is.  It seems to take me ages to get back to the gargoyle.

I say "Remove" and my human self returns, complete with his inventory.  Now 
I run (boy that feels good) towards the Neriak stone and zone in.

I find myself in a completely new-looking Nek Forest.  It had actually been 
changed a while ago, but I'd never gotten around to exploring it.  Looks 
very different, very much an EQ2 sort of feeling.  I call up the map and try 
to figure out how to get to my guildies.  They're having problems of their 
own trying to get to the expedition and don't have a lot of time to devote 
to my questions.  I find a way to zone into something called Corathus Creep. 
Am I in the right place, I ask the group.  Yes, they reply.  Where do I go 
from here?  To the SW corner.

I immediately take off, which is a mistake.  I forgot an elementary 
precaution: invis.  Suddenly I'm getting attacked by a humanoid-looking 
thing and a basilisk.  Fortunately they don't hit hard, so I just cast 
Supernal Elixir on myself and ignore them.  I run around, trying to find the 
SW corner, feeling completely lost.  I've played EQ for so long, and have 
become so familiar with all the zones, that it's psychologically 
uncomfortable to be in a place I don't recognize and don't immediately know 
how to navigate.  I haven't felt this way since Luclin came out.  It's a 
great feeling, actually; EQ is new again.

I find *a* SW corner, but it's just two walls coming together.  After 
querying my group further (and continuing to refresh my heal-over-time 
spell), I'm told I need to swim to the new zone.  Since I'm not in any 
water, I deduce I'm in the wrong place.  I run around a bit more, and find 
some water (I don't swim because I still have Dead Man Floating from raids 
the previous night) and run towards the SW.

To my relief, a familiar blue line appears in my compass after I zone. 
Quickly I get out my Vex Thal mask and invis myself.  Then I run around this 
zone, which is filled with half-man, half-spider creatures.  I find the 
bridge leading to the zone, well above the water.  From reading the 
struggles my group had gone through, I know I need to climb the wall to get 
to it.  After a short exploration, I find a way to get up to the bridge, and 
zone in.

Finally, I'm there.  This group consists of me, another cleric, a druid, a 
shaman, a ranger, and a paladin.  Not an ideal group composition but not 
bad, either.  At least we won't be hurting for heals.  Crowd control will be 
a problem, as we discover when three mobs come swarming on our first few 
tentative steps into the zone.  We beat them off, impressing the paladin 
who's not a guildie.

We continue tentatively exploring the zone.  We have to go underwater for 
one part, and we often can't avoid pulling at least two mobs, but it goes 
okay.  We have no idea what we're supposed to do - a chest in an underwater 
section yields up an item we have no idea what we're supposed to do with.

We reach a part where we see a demon-looking creature called the Guardian of 
the Pit, surrounded by four zombies.  We're discussing tactics for pulling 
it when, with no warning whatsoever, I get disconnected.  I sign back in, to 
find myself in Everfrost of all places.  I ask in guild, and two of my 
groupmates are in LFay and one is in North Ro.  The instances are bugged, 
another one of my guildies says.  They'll crash and send you outside the 
last LDoN adventure you did.  Ah.

It's pretty late, and we don't feel like trying again - who knows if the 
instance will crash again.  I gate back to the guild lobby and spend a few 
minutes handing out free buffs and rezzes before logging.  My goodbye to the 
guild is, "See you tomorrow after the emergency patch."  They laugh.  We're 
all experienced EQ-ers, we know what to expect.

So, in one night I assumed a bugged new form, got lost in three zones, and 
crashed an instance.  All in all, a successful night with the new expansion. 
=)


-- 
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Prelate of Rodcet Nife
Triton
Povar server 




