From -5281489194692857327
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ae2548eae6099f9d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-31 07:06:43 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.he.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!c03.atl99!news.webusenet.com!diablo.voicenet.com!216.65.3.53.MISMATCH!news-out.superfeed.net!propagator2-maxim!feed-maxim.newsfeeds.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3FA27A7E.C014930@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tempted to Duo
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 146
Date: Fri, 31 Oct 2003 15:16:20 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.132
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1067613380 66.109.253.132 (Fri, 31 Oct 2003 10:16:20 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 31 Oct 2003 10:16:20 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:5306

I love starting new characters and running them up to till I tire
of them. 

I've enjoyed this from the beginning, when I ran several classes
into their teens, then a couple to their 20s and one to 49, then
started all over on a fresh server and took one up to 65 with a
few pauses to try out other classes into their 20s twinked or
untwinked.

Now I'm playing a character on Firiona Vie, and the one character
per server thing prevents me from twinking or anything unless I
want to restart or move off the server... but I find I really
like sticking to one server and being a part of the larger
community, getting to know people and so forth; moving to a new
server really cuts down the social aspect of the game a great
deal.

One thing I've never tried is dual boxing.  I'm tempted to give
it a go, now, because I am enjoying my current character and am
finally up to where I can group with Teapray/Lenny... but they
aren't on much recently and I'm itching to try something low
level anyway.

Assuming I get DSL (which is the household plan for November), I
should be able to run two instances of EQ on one machine.  Cost
would be what, the 30 bucks for Evolutions which would give a
free account for a month, then the $12 or so a month after that
if I want to keep dual boxing; still cheaper entertainment than
going to the movies once a month.

I'd have a mage to PL with, that would mean a decent DS, full set
of focus items (with their HP and mana and AC) and up to Plate
armor as a summons, mage can also bind wounds and could use the
practice anyway.

What class to PL, then?  Well, a bard would benefit nicely, able
to use the best summoned armor and weapons I can hand him, melee
so the DS will pay off.  At higher levels I'll be able to nearly
kill mobs with my mage pet, then bard can charm mob, break charm
and kill mob for the full exp.  Also, bard can use charm to kill
and mage can DS bard's pet and gear it up; the lower level of the
two bard charms uses no mana and can be kept up non stop for
hours on end, so the geared up bard's pet can be a real killing
machine... malaise on the pet before charm should make keeping it
easier.

Problem with this plan is: 1) I've already run a bard up to 57. 
2) bards are sadly (and unfairly I think) immune to focus item's
effect.  3) Bard's buffing won't benefit me as much as it would
melee classes, since he won't be helping my pet out, pets don't
count as "grouped".  4) once the bard is up to where I can group
him with my mage, bard isn't a very good thing to dual box,
needing constant attention if he's to do well.  I don't really
want to put him on autofollow with cantata playing.  Maybe,
though, it -does- make sense, if the mage just sics pet and
occaisionally drops a nuke or a DS, he's pretty low attention,
might make a good second to the active bard.  Still, bard will be
the least help until he catches up of any buffing class, as he
can't stick buffs unless grouped with me... how does the split
work out with a "too low for grouping" member in the group?

Alternatives.  Three other plate classes.  Warrior, I've played
to 30, didn't really like, and in the long run they are the worst
of the three plate classes for anything but boss mobs.  On the
bright side, they'd also be the easiest to just sic on a mob and
ignore, they won't have any trouble keeping aggro from my pet. 
But they don't have any heal at all but the bandages, either. 
Paladin would benefit from the focus items, has heals, is better
at the MT job in the long run, has lull to pull with, has buffs
he can put on my pet (but useful ones if he's MT?) and I've never
run one.  SK would give me fear/snare which would take the
healing pressure off, FD pulling and FD to ditch aggro to my pet
if there's trouble, a second pet (which will benefit greatly from
my summons at low levels)  and my pet will do great damage
without too much trouble, on the other hand dual boxing fear
kiting will mean again ignoring mage in favor of the SK just to
keep him on the mob's tail and the mob properly feared.

Caster classes: Enchanter would start to benefit me from level 16
with breeze, even more so from 29 with Clarity.  Run up to higher
levels he'd be a lull puller and mezzer, both things the
shaman/mage duo lacks.  For PLing purposes I'd be able to boost
his pet's performance with gear and DS.. but he'll be lacking a
heal so pet killing won't be as handy as it might.  Necromancer,
on the other hand, would also give mezzing, would give FD
pulling, would also have pet that benefits from gear, and would
at least have some pet healing capacity... and my bandaging
skills would get a lot of play.  Wizard would stand to gain the
least from my help at low levels, only the focus items would work
with them, no pet to put in plate and arm with weaponry.  At
higher levels he'd be able to add to my DPS while the pet holds
aggro off us both, and would supply a badly missing snare and
root capability.

Healer classes: shaman would be ideal, of course, healing and
benefits from bandaging for massive mana injection; but my duo
partner is a shaman, plus I've played one to 52 already.  Cleric
I've played to 65; could wear plate and benefit from all the
focus items, but won't get pet till 54 and even then pet won't
benefit from items.  Could melee with my DS and do nicely for
quite a while, and could benefit me by buffing my pet and healing
it if I want to use him as a non grouped or later grouped
boost.... will also eventually have lull for pull, and will be
able to root park, and to stun for interrupts and just to slow
mobs.  Druid would give me snare and track and regen and SOW and
HP buffs,things that would certainly help out a lot, the first
two are badly missed on any character that can't do them.

DPS melee classes: Beastlord has a pet so would get use out of my
pet summons as well as the focus items, has some healing
capability, plus slows and buffs for when my shaman friend isn't
around.  Rogue won't benefit much with just chain and no help
from the focus items, no pet, and I won't even be able to provide
access to the vulnerable back side of mobs; might work out well
with shaman in trio, but not so much in duo with just mage.  Monk
will have to play MA as well, and benefit even less from summons
since I can't even supply armor, he'll only have the DS and
bandage supply to help out, on the plus side he can get further
with bandages than anyone else, and will have FD in case things
get ugly.  Ranger would supply track and snare and light heals
and some decent buffs for the pet, and could be used as a stand
off damage producer using archery instead of melee so we'd be
able to use fire pet for damage shield and me to be able to
heal.... but ranger archery damage sucks till 50s at least,
especially if using my pathetic summoned arrows.  

Conclusion: best would be necro, enchanter, bard or beastlord in
terms of benefitting most from the mage and being best partners
with one.  Paladin or SK would be good choices also, considering
the shaman I should be in trio with.

BUT then there's Teapray/Lenny to consider; adding those two to
the regular mix would mean I'd have a SK MT, a paladin would add
more flexibility but really not all that important since the MT
job would be taken.  They also have a beastlord dual box.  So
that brings it down to necro, enchanter, bard as the biggest
addition to the potential party, which with my dual box would be
at its 6 man cap.  Since we are almost at KEI level, this
eliminates much of the benefit of a enchanter, down to Necro and
Bard.  Necro is much lower maintainence, and I've only run one to
22 or so in the past, so I guess thats the logical choice.

On the bright side, there's every chance I can resist the urge to
do this at all.

Splendid One, 41 Gnomage, Firiona Vie


