From -6470970796941194501
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d29dde51ae9a2ece,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-14 06:31:31 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <6d20a5f9b6b32495f30f7fe9959c8a3b@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!west.cox.net!east.cox.net!filt01.cox.net!peer02.cox.net!cox.net!news3.optonline.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Fri, 14 Nov 2003 14:26:08 GMT
Lines: 124
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 19: The Test
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7390

Chapter 19: The Test

Loral remembered vividly the day his neighbors brought him to the church 
of Tunare and introduced him to Yeolaren. He and his father had often 
gone to the ceremonies that Yeolaren preceded over which had always 
intrigued the young lad. That day he felt nothing. The night before, 
while the rest of Felwithe slept, a demon came from the pits of Hate and 
stole his father away in their own house. Standing there on the cold 
marble floors of the church, facing the silver armored high priest of 
Tunare, Loral had never felt so alone in the world. Loral felt that 
exact same way when he stood deep in the Temple of Veeshan buried under 
millions of tons of rock and ice and looked into the large yellow eyes 
of Lendiniara the Keeper.

Two ancient white wurms and two smaller red drakes flanked the Keeper. 
Each one of these guardians held enough power to burn Felwithe to the 
ground in a matter of minutes but they were dwarfed in size and in power 
by Lendiniara. The ancient dragon of the western halls stood fourteen 
meters tall and more than fifty meters from tale to horn. Great winds 
blew Loral's green robes against him as Lendiniara stretched her great 
wings and quickly retracted them back to her sides. The fast movement of 
such a large creature seemed wholly impossible and Loral found his mind 
had trouble grasping what he had just seen.

Images and words poured through Loral's head in a flood that soon 
relaxed as Lendiniara found the level of communication that Loral's mind 
was capable of handling. Loral saw a black stone doorway to the east of 
the ancient temple. Behind there, Lendiniara explained, Loral would be 
tested. He should expect to be tested in mind, body and spirit, the 
internal voice of Lendiniara continued, the testing halls had forged the 
mightiest warriors, priests and spellcasters that had ever dared to walk 
in front of the dragonkin, but most found only death or insanity.

As Loral walked slowly to the main halls of the Temple of Veeshan, past 
the wurms and drakes that had been guarding the halls since before the 
Elven nations had crossed the Ocean of Tears, he tried to remind himself 
what was at stake. Meeting the Coldain dwarves had shown Loral the 
tyranny of the giant nations of Kael Drakkal and luckily had revealed 
their plot against the Plane of Growth. Knowing of the long-standing 
wars between the giants and the dragons, Loral had hoped to seek their 
wisdom and strength to help him protect Tunare and her children. Loral's 
greatest wish would be to see a formal alliance between the Claws of 
Veeshan, guardians of this temple, and the Guardians of Tunare within 
the Plane of Growth. The combined power would be enough to defeat the 
giants for good and perhaps bring peace to many of Norrath's people. As 
Tunare's hand on Norrath, it would be Loral's greatest accomplishment to 
be the vehicle for this alliance. Perhaps then the pain of his actions 
would be removed.

These thoughts left Loral's mind completely when he faced the black 
stone doorway that led to the Halls of Testing. Loral couldn't imagine 
what led past that door. Memories of Innoruuk's tug on his spirit and 
Trakanon's lifetime of solitude flowed past as he looked towards the 
ancient standard of the Claws imprinted on the door. For another few 
moments Loral stared at the symbol, then he placed his hand on the door 
and entered.

A blast of hot air and smoke blew past Loral as he stepped into the 
halls of testing. The smell of sulfur burned his nose and the screams of 
claws scraping on stone sent chills up and down his back. Loral was in 
the center of a large U shaped room. The stone floors and walls had been 
blown smooth over thousands of years of erosion. Two stone staircases on 
either side led down to a large sunken room with three doors. Large 
gusts of hot wind blew against Loral, but one sight pushed him harder 
than any physical blast. Standing at the top of the south staircase was 
Sever Doomreaper.

Loral was very familiar with Sever's reputation and had even seen the 
shadowknight compete in a barbaric contest in the Arena in South 
Antonica. Sever was a mercenary of Innoruuk, offering his services to a 
variety of groups against a variety of foes for a variety of prices. His 
power both as a swordsman and as a practitioner of the dark arts were 
known to every regular drunk in every bar of Norrath. Loral had no doubt 
that these tales were true. Held loosely in one hand, blade pointed into 
the ground was Sever's blade, Innoruuk's Curse, a gift by the dark god 
for only his most faithful and powerful followers. Blackened armor 
covered in runes adorned his slender frame. Tucked under his arm was the 
mask of a demon, it's appearance alone a thing of nightmares. Seeing 
Loral's discomfort, Sever smiled.

Loral was baffled by the confrontation. While he had no doubt in his 
faith to Tunare or the powers bestowed upon him, Loral also knew there 
was no way he would be able to defeat the dark knight. As if in answer 
to this thought, the voice of Lendiniara once again filled his mind.

"All who choose to walk our halls are tested equally here. You, a cleric 
of light and this one a minion of darkness are two halves of a whole. 
Only while acting as one will you survive the tests"

All became clear to Loral. Though the thought of such an alliance still 
disturbed him, he must work with Sever in order to defeat whatever 
beasts roamed these halls. Loral would have to use the powers of Tunare 
to heal a weapon of Innoruuk. Loral was aware that he and Sever were not 
alone. All around them, adventurers from all over Norrath stood and 
prepared to be tested. Before Loral could finish the thought, one of the 
three great doors opened and out stormed the first of hundreds of 
ancient guardian wurms that Loral would face with his new allies over 
the coming weeks. Loral placed his hand over the warden symbol of Tunare 
around his neck and whispered a prayer just as the first wave of fire 
hit the party.

Two moons later, Loral stepped out of the tower that separated the 
dragon city of Skyshrine from the gulf of the Cobalt Scar. His dark 
blue/green armor, forged and enchanted by the powerful Leoch sorcerers 
of the Claws, reflected the water in the gulf below. Though the battles 
had been more difficult than he could describe, Loral had gained much 
from the dragons during the testing. The trials had made enemies of 
friends and friends of enemies. He had found protection where he least 
expected and where he once had found solid ground had now become a 
vacuum. Loral had learned a valuable lesson, a lesson he had heard many 
times from his mentor Ciric but never fully understood until these 
recent battles. There was a great balance in the worlds of Norrath. A 
great balance that Loral must learn to utilize rather than to fight. 
Only by working within this balance could Loral hope to protect his 
friends and his God. It was a lesson that changed Loral forever.

-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



