From 6250441424974047671
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,388bde44ef05cbd5
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-01-13 03:20:44 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!server1.netnews.ja.net!pegasus.csx.cam.ac.uk!virgo.cus.cam.ac.uk!tjf11
From: Tim Fitzmaurice <tjf11@cus.cam.ac.uk>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Should MMORPGs require a broadband connection?
Date: Tue, 13 Jan 2004 11:20:41 +0000
Organization: University of Cambridge, England
Lines: 93
Message-ID: <Pine.SOL.3.96.1040113105703.15358A-100000@virgo.cus.cam.ac.uk>
References: <29mdnWDZMMIan57dRVn-ug@giganews.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: virgo.cus.cam.ac.uk
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
In-Reply-To: <29mdnWDZMMIan57dRVn-ug@giganews.com>
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:15347

On Mon, 12 Jan 2004, Tolkienfan wrote:

> As more and more homes sign up for broadband internet service do you think
> it is reasonable for game designers to build next generation MMORPGs that
> require such high bandwidth connections to play?  I ask this because over

But why do they need the high bandwidth. When it gets down to it thats the
question that needs asking. EQ plays fine on dialup most ofthe time. Big
raids and active toons are what send lots of info down the pipe - or
rather send lots of needed info. However you want to restrict your info
sending packet as at the core of it the more info you send the more you
have to pay to support one player in terms of your end's bandwidth.

Broadband means you can have a lot of activity. At the moment the drive
seems to be towards zoneless games and they will fall on this. Now a clip
plane that the server takes note of and doesnt send info outside of yuor
clip plane rather than your machine receiving and not showing would mean
you'd help dialups there. Again zoneless does mean that the provider has
to have a really big pipe if that means they are sending loads and loads
of info out and lettingthe end user do the parsing of what to show so you
want to restrict what goes out (also limiting end user parsing of what to
show also does limit both client side fiddling and how quickly someone's
older kit becomes obsolete for your game which helps retention of players.

> the holidays I purchased XBOX Live and have loved the experience so far.
> Microsoft requires a broadband connection to use XBOX Live.  Having a
> connection like this allows real-time voice communications to take place
> during game play.

I hate to say this but I have been using real time comms for about 5
years, most if not all of that on dialup. We used roger wilco on the back
of Quake 1 and 2, as well as Counterstrike before it introduced ingame
comms. A good comms package didnt need that much bandwidth from my 56k
modem (or my 33.6 either). Broadband aint the thing that allowed this idea
to fly. 

> It also insures that all players are on a near equal
> footing when it comes to lag during game play.  I remember a Shaman in our
> guild that notoriously took about 30 seconds longer to zone than anyone else
> in the guild.

Lag and zone time aint the same thing - in game lag can be latency
catching up on you which WILL be a dialup/broadband adjustable thing. Or
they can be packet loss related. BAd packet loss will stuff you over
whatever you are on. Again lag is not really something that Id worry too
much about on MMORPGs...more twitch games like Quake etc, planetside,
Tribes and that area - yes - big difference and so probably most Xbox
games will be affected as they lean that direction but the whole joy of EQ
was always that your connect type really didnt affect your gameplay. I
used to play on Torrvonnilous before the Euro servers opened. Except those
times when the atlantic links were playing up gameplay didnt really change
from dialup to broadband from US to Euro based server. The gain was player
community bases being in the right time and the right place....

If MMORPGs start to introduce combat systems that require more FPS gaming
skills then yes broadband will be more and more helpful and there are in
historical FPS development issues related to catering to both (Quake II
and that lovely patch that meant an LPB could freeze all the HPWs for
instance). Saving time by cutting the dialp design out would be helpful
and yes the even playing field would come in. PLanetside is probably a
good example of the sort of game where this might be relevant - Persistent
world, various skills (OK its RPG status is seriously limited but furture
games may build on that) and a more FPS style combat.

My zone time was not really limited by my broadband or non broadband
status. I noticed a small change yes, but it was small, my zone time
used to be about 45secs to one min for non kunark/luclin zones, going
broadband cut that by about 5-10 secs max. Now with the new box its about
10secs to zone where-ever....my zoning problems has always been 'the kit
on the end of the pipe-related'

> Having the ability to voice chat with everyone in your group or to initiate
> a voice chat session in tells while also having a game optimized for high
> speed clients would seem to add to the EQ experience.

I play Operation Flashpoint a LOT. I used to do a lot of COunterstrike.
THe thing voice comms in both have taught me is that its a HELL of a lot
easier to filter tells and raid chat to a seperate window and catch up if
necessary than to listen to babble - strict radio protocol is needed.
Voice comms make it easier to send you communications, its doesnt
necessarily make it easier to receive meaningful information. Its primary
use is emergency calls, or small group use. Its the first where its a
real lifesaver - and to be honest a 'HELP I need heal NOW' or 'Your healer
is under attack' hotkey does the job in many respects faster. In opflash
the guys playing without mikes get as much out of typing as those using
voice - with the sole exception of those emergency calls.


Tim
--
When playing rugby, its not the winning that counts, but the taking apart
ICQ: 5178568



