From 8693003871636696625
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3392e7ec2ce60cf
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-13 07:07:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!isdnet!btnet-peer1!btnet!newsfeeds-atl2!newsfeeds-atl1.usenetserver.com!cox.net!news1.east.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Should I buy Everquest? (Extreme newbie here)
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <7ltk6u046l7n4pgt3u7482eodk5ieed1nr@4ax.com>
References: <3c6a715c$0$18470$afc38c87@news.optusnet.com.au>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 213
Date: Wed, 13 Feb 2002 15:07:24 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.13.152.202
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news1.east.cox.net 1013612844 68.13.152.202 (Wed, 13 Feb 2002 10:07:24 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 13 Feb 2002 10:07:24 EST
Organization: Cox Communications
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:166197

On Thu, 14 Feb 2002 00:58:17 +1100, "Pete Z" <Zerloch@hotmail.com>
wrote:

>Ok I've stood on the sidelines long enough. I played Ultima Online for a
>while, but Everquest and all its potential attractions has grabbed my
>interest guys. I need some help though.
>
>Here's my story:
>P3 550
>Voodoo 3 card.
>Windows XP
>256 Ram.
>56k Modem running from a quality ISP in Australia.
>
>1. First of all, will my system cope? I know the latest expansion has a
>monster hunger for power..but can I play with just the original game, plus
>1-2 of the other expansions? Or would I be missing out on too much flavour?

EQ is pretty bad now with voodoo cards. You have to find a certain DX
driver for them and its not that great I don't think. 
www.everquest.com   and look in the forums under technical for other
people's experiences.

Unfortunately the whole game hungers for more power now. Even not
enabling luclin models and not being in luclin requires far more now
since the Dx8 change which basically makes EQ run slower. Since you
are taking that big hit anyway, I went ahead and enabled all luclin
models and set textures to low figuring I may as well see the good of
what I'm taking a hit for.

I do very well with a 
p2 400
tnt 16 meg agp card
win 98
576 meg ram, vcache set to 65 meg max.
cable modem.
All models enabled, textures set to low, texture cache on.

However when luclin first came out I only had 384 meg ram and still
had all models and textures on low and did about as well but probably
with a bit more swapping. A good thing to do is when installing luclin
when it says "do you want to upgrade old world textures?" to say NO.
Those are HUGE and give you a much larger performance hit in old
areas, especially cities, which are evidently not as optimized as the
luclin cities. Both freeport and rivervale destroyed me with the
texture update. I had to reinstall sort of since uninstalling it was
not very possible since the patcher then kept trying to resinstall the
updated textures. Since they fixed umbra/DPVS I do much better in
freeport and such places though, so the newer textures might be ok but
I don't feel like doing that again.

512 meg is a good place to be for luclin, with a geforce 2 64 meg or
above. Your p3 550 is fine but you are lacking in those other areas,
or maybe you can get by with the voodoo 3 and some direct x 8 drivers
someone found.. check out that tech board or various graphic tweak
boards.

About the first thing I really need upgraded is my graphics card since
my current one is not very powerful. I'm thinking about getting a
geforce 4 4200 for $199. After having the TNT for so long it would
probably give me quivering orgasms. The proc is probably more or less
fine but I will be upgrading that and the MB eventually.

I'm also one of the few people that umbra (DPVS) seems to actually
work well for. Many people have to turn it off (its something that
makes it so you are only rendering the polygons in the area around
you, rather than the ones you can't see. Its most noticeable in a room
in an area which is very complex outside of the room)

The network connection is not really a big issue since
most of the new lag you get is all graphics lag.


>2. Does the game have a sense of adventure and relief? Can I spend time in a
>town chatting/socialising-soaking up atmosphere...then head out into vast
>and varied wilderness seaking fame and fortune? 

No, there is pretty much absolutely none of that in everquest. Have
you ever worked at a job that was the epitome of the "rat race?" You
know the kind I mean, where you just work work work and there is not
time to stop or chat with anyone? EQ is like that. Due to the downtime
enhanced design in EQ (the makers actually MADE the game so you'd have
lots of downtime to slow your progress with both experience gaining
and travel) 

Because of that downtime no one really stops to smell the roses. No
one is hanging around town in the empty inns because they are all too
busy. You could hang around in town roleplaying I guess and talking to
the npcs, who will be more or less not responsive unless you find a
quest one and say key words to it, if that really floats your boat. 

People will likely respond saying "Oh no, this server or that server
has more of that so play there!" but I tend to think they are leading
you down the primrose path. For the most part this won't happen on any
server.

I've been saying for 3 years that the reason those inns are empty is
because of the huge downtime in the game and the rat race feeling.
What I want is a game where you can constantly fight for the most part
and in fact go off to town to socialize as a break. You can do that in
EQ sort of in the right group, but because everyone else is trying to
also make the most of their time in the most efficient manner they are
always off doing their own thing and you'd all be coming back to town
at different times. Plus, most towns are incredibly far away from the
action.

Once again, the makers of EQ seem to have got that and designed newer
areas to be more homey but its kind of too little too late. One such
area is now the Paineel/warrens/stonebrunt area. You have a city, a
dungeon which is newb up to level 30 or so right near it (few mobs on
the high end) then an area outside in a mountain region which picks up
where the warrens left off. Its a pretty good area now altogether but
the problem is proximity, its off in some deserted backwater land that
no one hardly bothers to go to. If you have luclin it actually IS much
easier to get to now since they finally put in automatic teleports
with luclin to a few areas (something the player base has been
suggesting for 3 years...) as well as even npcs who will bind you in
such areas as paineel or other cities so you don't have to wait for a
player to do it or hunt a player down (something else the player base
has been suggesting for 3 years... Verant is great at saying "no  you
don't need that we will never do that.." until 2 years later when they
suddenly put it in acting like its their idea.)


>Is this the basic theme of
>Everquest? or is it more about baking and woodcutting like Ultima.

Its the opposite of the "gain by trades" in UO. Trades in EQ are a
time and money sink for the person DOING the trade. Except for
Enchanters who are jewelers, most trades entail incredible amounts of
money and time to get to the point of making just the moderately okay
items at which point you can only sell those items for such low prices
it sure does not seem worth all that time. No trade in EQ actually
helps your character in any way as far as the rest of the game is
concerned so its the opposite of UO where you chopped wood to build
stats.


>3. Is everywhere extremely crowded, particular hoardes of people camped out
>at monster spawns?  This doesnt appeal to me.

Yes at certain very rare or profitable spawns, but probably not in as
bad a way as UO or Asheron's call. EQ now is pretty big and spread out
and for the most part you CAN still find some outdoor spawns which are
okay and not being done. 

Many people are stuck on what they are familar with in EQ though and
for them its a bit like what you describe. They start a low level
character and once again do the 2 overcrowded orc camps in EC, later
they move to overcrowded high hold or the aviaks in south karana and
eventually they move to overcrowded Karnor's or Sol b. You don't have
to do that though, there are tons of underused areas ESPECIALLY in
luclin and velious.

Some of this is not caused by familiarity but by a flaw in the game
design where certain static loot only drops from certain mobs. To me
this is the largest flaw of Everquest and no matter how many other
things they improve this will always be the one I find irritating.
This is why people stay in areas like Sol B or Lower guk. They want
items like the flowing black silk sash 20 percent haste belt to either
wear or sell.  


>Basic questions I know, but its hard for a newbie to get basic info on the
>game.

3 years or however long since I've been playing this game since beta
phase 3 have taught me that it doesn't really have longevity and maybe
thats why I feel the way I do. Essentially its so static that not long
after the beta I had seen it all, well really in the beta I saw
everything nearly. Later they put in some new zones which I saw and
eventually added expansion packs which I saw nearly everying in within
2 weeks. I think I had been to every zone in luclin and checked them
out in the first or second day it was up, except for ones requiring a
key or something.

So honestly I've pretty much used it up. Going in for the first time
if you got the EQ trilogy (eq, kunark, velious) and perhaps later
added on Luclin you might really enjoy it for a while. The difference
between where you are and where I was at is that so many good upcoming
mmorpgs are coming out. City of heroes is having a beta sometime in
the spring and supposedly will be out in the summer (though thats hard
to believe without a publisher yet...) Star wars galaxies comes out
this fall I believe and dark ages of camelot is out now but is really
more evolutionary than revolutionary; when many of the people you knew
in EQ went to DAOC for about 3 months then decided they had seen all
DAOC had to offer and came back to EQ (where they have been for 3
years) it shows you that DAOC does not have as much substance.  

Luclin does make some basic improvements in game design. The dropping
of ok to very good loot is more of a random rarer mob thing in some
zones meaning that its the most benefit for you to move around in
areas like scarlet desert with a tracker just hitting various things.
I was doing a camp of some grol baku by tents there the first week or
two of luclin and was surprised to find there were quite a few rare
ones and quite a few different drops from them. Later they seemed to
turn the rare spawner way down, but that first week or two I got some
very good stuff from an area that is virtually never done by any other
players while I'm there.

I'm really looking forward to this game:

www.cityofheroes.com

since reading the faq it seems to take place in just one big giant
city area, have missions which are solo or a few people (like AO),
doesn't seem like it will be very downtime intensive, has ability for
guilds or teams to buy bases, is sort of more skill based with a
myriad of super powers to add points to and so on.


Email: dstephenatcoxdotnet
Find the @ and the . if you really need to.


