From -4813076334601709282
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,719fcb34e35bb922,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-05-04 09:31:05 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "slapfish" <slapfish@yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Oh What a Night!
Date: Sat, 4 May 2002 09:37:23 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <ud83687bj8c050@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2615.200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 85
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:192427

Oh What a Night

Must be something in the water but it sure seemed like all the crazies (by
that I really mean idiots and assholes) were out last night in Highkeep.  Ok
now I know you all are going to say OOOOH well High Keep that explains it,
but I have to say that last night was truly special.

It all started when I took my just turned 19 Shaman down to the basement to
fight goblins.  There was no group to be found?  Instead there was a 43
level Paladin killing everything in sight.  Ok, so I figure he won't mind
sharing and I shout that I was starting a group.  Pretty soon I had a couple
of people to camp the LR.  Well things are pretty slow in the LR and I'm
thinking the Paladin won't mind if we pull a few from the other room and
maybe he'll even pull a few for us since he's just faction hunting.  (I know
it's what I would do) So I sent him a polite tell.

"Are you faction hunting"
"Yes, and buying ears to make it go faster"
"Ok well then if things get slow in here would you mind if we pulled a few
as long as you get a faction hit and all the ears?"
"My partner is here for money, so she minds"
"Ok how about exp.-you can have all the money-we just need the exp-we can't
pull many we are a small group"
"She says MR is camped, means it is camped period!"
"ok too bad"

Now I was just about to call him a bad name, but I hadn't thought up a
really good one yet and I guess he started feeling guilty (or maybe his
mother told him he had to finish his homework) but a few minutes later he
sends me a tell

"I am leaving soon anyway so you can have the camp"
"Great! Thankyou"

That's a great start to the night but it gets better

We finally pull together a full group and we have the main room camped.  Now
downstairs are the two other rooms the WR (warrior room) and RR (Raider
Room) and things aren't going well.  The same group of 4 is claiming both
camps and turning away lots of other people that are LFG.  About every 10-20
minutes we get a healthy train our way.  Never a shout of TRAIN!!! or even
TRAIN!!! AGAIN!!!!  Fortunately these goblins have a one-track mind and
followed the other group right past us and on up the stairs and we never got
aggroed on. Also, this whole time, their tank kept scouting our room for
pulls. Gheeeez like he didn't have enough trouble in his own TWO camps.

At one point one of our group members stopped helping us fight just so she
could heal an Iksar in the other group.  He took repeated heals and lots of
mana, but she saved him.  She never got so much as a "thx" from him or the
group.

Finally after about the 5th or 6th train they lost their tank and I guess
they decided they needed more people, but things settled down. Thank
Bristlebane!

Idiocy within

Yes, it gets even better.  We had a level 25 druid in the group and after a
rough battle our cleric is healing him.  He says "Don't heal please, I want
to practice Bind Wound"  Ok, reasonable request.  We are fighting again and
he's getting pretty low so I step back and start to heal him.  I hit him
about 3 times with my whopping 80pt heal and he say "Please don't heal I
want to practice Bind Wound"  What the hell?  Bind Wound? right in the
middle of a fight??? Oh well guess he knows what he's doing. (I didn't
really think so but I figured I'd let him find out)  After that round we
rest up and wait for the next pop and pretty soon we are up and fighting
again.  The druid starts to get beat up pretty bad again, but this time I
refrain from healing and yeah, you guessed it he gets killed-DUH.  He comes
back and says "Oh sorry I wasn't watching my dumb ass"

Ok next round, we go in again and he gets beat up again.  Under half.  I'm
thinking ok now he can practice bind wound, hope he's happy.  Well he Binds
up to 50% but doesn't heal to full.  We get another pop and the next thing
you know his health is going down again.  OK so I don't want to lose our
druid again even though he's a dumbass so I give him a quick heal (80pts-the
best I can do) I expect him to drop back and heal himself but he keeps on
fighting and the next thing you know he's down again.  Not yet dead he says
"Heal Please!!!" Sigh

What a night!

Hope I don't have another one like it for a long time.





