From -4848782472066070830
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a009c3a56f2d0274
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!f14g2000cwb.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: reinard@blazingdot.com
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: EXPANTIONITIST -- The Disease That Eventually Kills Every MMORPG
Date: 11 Jan 2005 16:41:26 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 128
Message-ID: <1105490486.891076.311150@f14g2000cwb.googlegroups.com>
References: <MPG.1c4dfb71c70b0554989684@news.sf.sbcglobal.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 207.154.64.12
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1105490491 32027 127.0.0.1 (12 Jan 2005 00:41:31 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 12 Jan 2005 00:41:31 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: f14g2000cwb.googlegroups.com; posting-host=207.154.64.12;
   posting-account=N0mIfAwAAACgqL6REec2c7ALn7nDnftb
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:29298

<SNIP>

One of the primary things attracting me to this type of game is that it
is constantly changing. There are constantly new things. You need to
move along with the evolution or you will fall behind. New features,
new content, new ways to do things. I'm pretty sure I'm not alone here.
Now this isn't always done the ideal way, and in the process things
sometimes fall out of balance. I don't see the problem. It's a
challenge. If you don't like it, this may be the wrong type of game for
you. You sound more like the
game-installed-on-my-machine-and-never-update type of player. Nothing
wrong with that, but by their very nature massive multiplayer online
games aren't like that.


> - more powerful weapons than anyone of a certain level was ever meant
to
> wield
> - more powerful armors than the gameworld was originally designed to
> support

In and of itself this is not a problem, so long as more difficult
content is provided along with it, and the game as a whole scales (i.e.
spells like CH and percentage slows make this problematic, but not
unworkable)


> - monsters giving better loot than before, lending itself to massive
> mudflation

actually, one does not necessarily follow the other, especially with
things like attunable items, no-drops and flags. These are mitigators
that don't make mudflation go away, but to a certain extent a bit of
mudflation is in my mind part of the game. a weapon that was great and
difficult to get 5 years ago, would surely be somewhat easier
accessible now, that we have learned about more worlds, acquired more
skills and generally shared the knowledge about it. It's part of the
online economy, and so long as it doesn't completely get out of
control, I think it even makes sense in the context of the game.


> - better forms of travel (e.g., instantaneous porting around the
world
> instead of taking a slow boat or walking through the countryside)

Like with everything else it depends on the dose. As the world grows
due to new zones and such, people will naturally be stretched a bit
more thin (unless the playerbase grows proportionally, which won't be
the case most of the time) Therefore faster travel brings people closer
together mitigating that effect. Of course if you overdo it, and allow
people to port everywhere on a whim, this destroys the feeling of the
world, but even with today's expansive portal system in EQ, many zones
aren't direcly reachable, and reaching your desired hunting ground can
still take 30min with a group. That is about what I feel is right, as
not many people are big fans of having to run 2 hours just to go hunt
some particular mob.


> - Newer classes more powerful than what the gameworld was ever
designed
> for.

You keep saying "what the gameworld was designed for", not taking into
account that by adding content and so on, it is being re-designed.
Constantly. You could say there weren't _originally_ designed for more
powerful classes, but as the world gets added to, changed and expanded,
they can be right in line.


> - New territories and cities, which permanently restructures the
> gameworld by shifting massive quantities of people away from the main

> cities that were originally planned.

Yep. Thus a few portals and such to keep things connected. Things
change. It's a Good Thing (tm). It models reality a lot closer when
things change over time. It lets you cherish those experiences you have
online, because they are unique, and quite possibly won't be
experienced the same way by new players 3 years down the road. But they
will have their own experiences that they may enjoy. It just won't be
exactly the same as yours.


> - automated merchant capabilities, enabling asian hordes to further
pump
> huge amounts of platinum into the economy

No reason to put racial slurs in here. The problem are really the
people that buy the plat, not the ones that generate it in the game.
This can be a problem if uncontrolled, but honestly it hasn't affected
me much. Yes you meet the occasional clueless high level player with
super equipment that has no idea what he's doing. But who cares. Write
down the name of the person and be done with it and move on.


> EXPANSIONITIST is never to be confused with mudflation.  Players
> mistakenly misdiagnose the problems with the MMORPG, claiming it has
> become a victim of "mudflation" (simply monetary inflation within an
on-
> line economy).

You say can not be confused with, yet essentially most of your
complaint it mudflation.


> The only true cure for EXPANSIONITIST is for a MMORPG have its
> developers state that it is expansion-free.  An expansion-free MMORPG

> can continue to be developed and improved, but it will be improved in
a
> logical fashion, not through the desire to introduce imbalancing
> material.  The very term "Expansion" is synonymous with "imbalance";
as
> long as MMORPGs thrive on releasing expansions they will continue to
> each grow out of whack with their original design.

No, expansion is synonymous with change. That can be good, bad, or
somewhere in between; balancing, imbalancing or just shifting things
around. And if you really don't like the change, find a few like minded
people (if you can, and i doubt you can), don't buy the expansion and
form a guild with rules along those lines. The game is what you make it
to be really. Don't use the bazaar if you feel it breaks the game.
Don't use portals if you don't want to.

I know it's true for me, and I'd bet a lot of other feel the same way:
The changing and evolving nature of an online game is a big part of the
attraction.



