From -9029662991090236666
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7f5c713c4116c340
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!newsfeed3.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!easynews-local!news.easynews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Lewzephyr <lewiszephyr@clotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Some joy for Berserkers
Message-ID: <dmhrb0pbg23rg561m2iut7164jsrtur421@4ax.com>
References: <40bd8c7a$1@duster.adelaide.on.net>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 2.0/32.646
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 60
X-Complaints-To: abuse@easynews.com
Organization: EasyNews, UseNet made Easy!
X-Complaints-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
Date: Wed, 02 Jun 2004 12:25:00 GMT
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:4594

On 2 Jun 2004 17:44:50 +0950, I needed a babel fish to understand
"@ndrew" <andrewratinternodedotondotnet> :

>http://tinyurl.com/2k8z3
>
>Well ... still not enough for me to bring my Berserker out of
>retirement ... that is a seriously underfinished class.
>
>The 2 fixes listed for change tomorrow night are in fact the two bottom
>of a list of top ten fixes submitted by Berserker players to SOE.

Just an FYI, the only fixes listed for this morning were the collision
fix.

The other fixes that were talked about were mentioned to go to Test.
Ill copy and past entire message here:

Proposed Changes
Hey folks,

I wanted to give you all an update on what we are planning for the
coming weeks as we work on some persistent in-game issues.  We know
that many of you are concerned with the current state of the game and
we feel confident that the changes we have planned will help to
alleviate many of your concerns.  

First on our plate, and number one on your list of concerns, is
collision in EverQuest.  We are working hard to fix the current
problems with collision and have many fixes currently on Test.  We
will most likely be pushing these collision fixes to the Live servers
tomorrow, June 3rd at 3AM PDT.  Many of the current issues appear to
be resolved with this latest push and our programmers are still
working hard to track down and fix any remaining issues.  For those of
you on Test, thanks very much for your help in getting these issues to
Grumbak.

We are also scheduling out many other fixes, with the first round
going to the Test server this week, and subsequent rounds as the
changes are made.  Currently planned to hit Test this week are the
following proposed changes;
 
- Add a quest to allow the exchange of Gates of Discord spells.
- Correct an issue with the berserker epic quest that left some
berserkers unable to complete the quest.
- Improve the Eagle Eye spell series.
- Increase the spawn rate of the Shattered Emerald of Corruption.
- Change berserker snare to have a set duration.
- Correct the pathing in Txevu.
 
Please remember that this is only the first round of planned changes
and there are many more to come.  As more changes are rolled out to
the Test server, I will post them.  Please feel free to discuss these
changes on the EQ forums at eqforums.station.sony.com.

Thanks for all of your feedback this past week.  You have shown, once
again, what a strong community EQ has, thank you for being an active
part of it!

Brenlo



