From 3124477433347966652
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c183283d5895fac9,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-01 06:40:20 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Solo Necros DO die!
Date: Thu, 01 Nov 2001 09:39:07 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3BE15E8B.9CB7B9C@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 61
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:131634

I still maintain that "These Necros are Insane!". The amount of stuff a
very low level (was nine at the time, now ten) necro can handle alone is
almost obscene compared to all the other low level classes I've played.
And once you get the hang of balancing dark pact against lifetaps, and
how much to tank for your pet so it doesn't get killed but you don't
take *too* much damage, you can run almost non-stop.

Of course, it can still go south. I once again didn't have a lot of time
to play, but I really wanted to get my baby necro to level 12 so I could
have bind affinity and move on to new hunting grounds without some
ungodly long CR. So, I was still hanging out in EC (auction turned off)
and hunting Young Kodiaks, Giant Spiders, Giant Scarabs, Lions, and the
occasional lioness that was still blue. Had a level 9 pet with a rusty
two hander that was regularly hitting for 14 to 18 and life was good.

Just finished fighting a scarab, when I got jumped by a lion. (If this
had been my warrior, my monk, or my wizard, I'd have been toast right
there.) But for my necro, it was like, "Oh. Cool. Don't have to run
around looking for the next one." Tough lion, but it's going down
nicely. Halfway through the fight (darkness wore off fast) a second lion
jumps in. Hrmmm... well, pet's still well over half, so am I, and about
the same amount of mana. We finish off the first lion while it's
running, but I'm getting beat on from behind. Now I'm lower on life, and
I'm forced to let my pet do most of the tanking on the lion while I try
to tap back up some health. Dark Pact wears off. (*sigh* Perfect
timing.) The fight goes long, and sadly my brave pet dies, but it's just
as that lion turns to run rather than jumping on me. I chase along
behind stabbing it with my bloodclaw dagger and trying to get in a
couple more taps. I probably have under two bubs of mana and use some,
but the Lion goes down. While I make the mistake of looting the lions, a
blue lioness jumps me while I'm with no pet and down on both mana and
health. But I'm feeling the necro equivalent of beer muscles and decided
to solo her using my last mana. I'm stabbing away, and tapping for all
I'm worth to stay alive, timing the casts between lioness hits so I'm
not interrupted. I actually get her to turn and run, chase her down and
kill her. I have less than a bub of health and a dribble of mana. 
That's when the fourth lion hit me.
/sigh

Ok.... so I died. But in retrospect, I had to reflect that it was still
an obscenely successful encounter and victory for such a low level! At
level fucking NINE I took on a giant scarab, two lions, a lioness, and
even did some parting shot "fuck you" damage to another lion without a
break. Remembering my experience with at least five other classes I've
played to that level, it would have been over before you could say
"corpse run".

Oh, and a final note, I got to team up with my wife's similar level baby
necro alt the other night for a couple of hours. We talk a lot here
about the most successful "dynamic duos" and I've played both the
warrior/cleric and monk/shaman combinations a long ways to good effect,
but does anyone ever consider necro/necro? That was just too successful
to be legal. Nothing stood a chance.

Man.... these necros are totally off the chart.
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"Just say no' has done as much for drugs and sex as 'have a nice day'
has for depression."
- - Dr. E. Tyson, Texas Medical Association


