From 1156117710765074807
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3e03523d3f544eab
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-14 11:11:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.news.rcn.net!feed1.news.rcn.net!rcn!not-for-mail
From: shmit@coleridge.kublai.com (Brian Cully)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: AO beta phase 4
Date: 14 Jun 2001 18:10:28 GMT
Organization: ADD United Front
Lines: 160
Message-ID: <9gaumk$rv6$1@bob.news.rcn.net>
References: <20010611214110.28011.00001257@ng-md1.aol.com> <9g3vb5$6v8ov$1@ID-50527.news.dfncis.de> <9g5nr0$8g5$1@bob.news.rcn.net> <9gaq1g$81fbh$1@ID-23377.news.dfncis.de>
X-Trace: UmFuZG9tSVaLXX2jj/ZSo973vtV5CIZua6P086X0WisDn+xC+RUMbUNc1lE4FHkl
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rcn.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 14 Jun 2001 18:10:28 GMT
X-Newsreader:  trn 4.0-test76 (Apr 2, 2001)
Originator:  shmit@coleridge.kublai.com (Brian Cully)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:85614

In article <9gaq1g$81fbh$1@ID-23377.news.dfncis.de>,
Christian Boehme <Christian.Boehme@wanadoo.fr> wrote:
>You obvoiusly have a somewhat selective memory regarding the humble beginnings 
>of EQ. When I started playing, 3 months after official release (!), Voodoo2 
>users (at that time a valid 3D card choice) had to use a particular driver 
>(NOT the newest one) to have it run without crashing all the time. Even if you 
>used this driver EQ crashed everytime you switched resolutions. There were 
>numerous sound related crashes, and the suggested fix was turning down the 
>realism, or turning it off alltogether. Regarding features, it took Verant 
>more than a year to implement such a simple thing as gamma control for the D3D 
>users.

	I was playing same month of release. I've been through most of
the hardships EQ has had to bear. It's not a poster child for a good release,
no, but it's definately looking better than AO is.

	The fact remains that it /worked/ and was playable. The sound bugs
were introduced a couple months down the road (actually, IIRC, it was like
9 months, but my memory is fuzzy).

	Voodoo2 troubles? I don't remember those. Mine worked flawlessly,
although I confess I never switched resolutions since my hardware was a bit
weak at the time, so I played in 640x480 windowed all the time.

	Even still, Verant did have "fixes" for most of the problems that
did render the game basically playable, even if it didn't have it's bells and
whistles. Maybe the dev team is being quiet, but I haven't seen any advice
on how to keep the client from crashing all the time.

>Yes, the client crashes often (about every 30 min for me). Yes, the lag is 
>often unacceptable. But they claim the servers run in debug mode and that this 
>causes most of the more serious problems. Let's hope they're correct. But AO 
>is NOT unplayable. In fact I think it's fun, even in its current state.

	It would be unplayable if it were a commercial release. I hope
removing the debug code speeds things up, but I wonder if it will help
with the constant zone crashing. What about the inability to zone out, or
that some characters can get stuck in this "you can zone once and only
once before I hang" mode (I've seen half-a-dozen reports on this within
my IRC channel alone, and I've experienced it personally).

	And the client crashes. Oh man the client crashes. And that four
times out of five you can't log back in if you have a character active only
complicates that problem.

	AO is an exercise in frustration for me, at the moment. It took me
over /two hours/ to get from Omni 1 Entertainment to Rome Red. That's a
one-stop-teleporter. That TWO HOURS was spent rubberbanding across about
100' of pavement. That is unplayable.

	Omni 1 Trade still memory leaks - although not as badly as p3. In
general the frame lag in Tir and Omni is abyssmal, even on very good hardware
(I have a geforce3 and a 1.3ghz Athlon - 5415 3dmarks - yet I still get as
few as 10 FPS in Omni 1 Trade. TEN. I get over TWICE as many in the nature
demo).

	The only time AO becomes playable is when you get the hell out of
the big cities. Then it's kinda fun, sure. Then the zone crashes and you lose
your tank armour for the 5th time.

	In general, the only time AO is playable is way in the off-peak
hours of 5-10 AM Eastern or so. Zones still crash, but at least you ain't
rubber banding everywhere and disconnecting.

>EQ's quests in the beginning fell in three catagories: 1) Not working at all 
>(a huge part of them); 2) Boring and not worth the effort (the biggest slice); 
>and 3) Just boring. Yes, today there indeed ARE interesting quests in EQ, but 
>there was not very much content at the start. AO has only very few quests 
>right now, and quite a few of those don't work (this may also be related to 
>lag), but at least the remaining ones are worth your time. Add to this, that 
>AO's dynamic quest system is principally far superior to EQ's static system, 
>and I think AO will beat EQ easily in the quest catagory.

	The vast majority of EQ's newbie quests worked. I did a whole
mess of them. Verant's main fault has been in not being prepared for the
top level game in time. In general, they do a good job on newbie content, and
that's what's most important; because newbie content gets newbies playing and
hooked.

	The newbie quests, to me then, were an excuse to do something. I could
always go up to an NPC and go find some lame thing to do. I was a newbie, I
didn't know how to play, I didn't know anyone, etc., the newbie quests did
a good job in exposing me to the game when I was clueless. Now, of course, I'd
scoff at them, but as a newbie I did them and although they weren't the
tantamount of fun, the accomplished their goal: getting me hooked and playing.

	In contrast, AO's quest system, when it works, sections you off from
other people in those valuable newbie levels. The chat system is overwhelming,
as well, and that only adds to the confusion of new players. Even when you
figure it out, your main goal is turning off the global channels to kill the
constant spam.

	When you're confused and new, you need a guiding hand, even with
a manual. You need a GM there to assist you for the first few moments of the
game to make sure you're having a good time. But no one does that (outside of
some relics in the pay-for-play world, anyway), so the next best thing is to
latch on to a playerbase. If you intimidate the newbie with too much chat,
it'll only add to his confusion and frustration. Then you give him quests to
do which throw him all by himself into a dungeon.

	Now you're cold, alone, and have a million people all screaming in
your right ear. Sound fun?

	A lot of people will work through this - hell, we've been through
UO's launch, right? But what people are going to work our way through the
growing pains? Experienced players, for the most part. The same ones that
bitch about the games they currently play.

	Not exactly your market for glowing reviews and good press.

	And your newbie market will run away screaming because /not only/ is
the game confusing, but it doesn't work a lot of the time. Those are the
people you want most to impress because those are the people that will give
you the good press.

	AO will still fly off of shelves, I'm sure, and I'll be one of the
people lining up for it. Hopefully all those boxes sold will give the Funcom
guys the cash they need to make their game work.

	That said, I stand by my original point that long-term, this trend
of releasing UNWORKING software will come around to bite this industry in the
ass. That's what I don't like, because I'd love to see all the Funcoms and
Cornered Rats of the world get a shot at creating a really neat and compelling
MMOG, but if the existing ones keep shoveling boxes on the bad press pile,
the future ones won't get their shot.

>Didn't try, they are not working at all right now ? That's indeed bad, they 
>should be beta tested before release. However, don't get me started on trade 
>skills in EQ. They are just making them worthwhile now, years and two 
>expansions after release ...

	One or two are supposed to work. Most don't.

	And, for better or for worse, EQ /had/ trade skills. A lot of them
were sure pointless, but they were there.

>Oh well, this seems to be a minor concern... I can wait a few months for 
>those.

	I've seen them for sale, so I'll take that back. I'm not sure if
they actually work, and I haven't seen anyone with them (they're very
expensive), but I'll give Funcom the benefit of the doubt on that one.

>No online game with subscription fee will ever ship complete. That would be 
>just stupid, considering the format. Yes, it should be playable and it should 
>be fun the day it hits the street and I think AO will meet these req's on the 
>26th. But one of the best things about this kind of games is that there is 
>money for further developments for months or even years after release. Look at 
>EQ's first release version and look where it is now. And AO has so much more 
>potential !

	No piece of software, ever, is complete. That's just not the way
software works; subscription softare moreso. What I mean is that they need
to release a 95% feature complete piece of software that works reliably on
99% of the systems they print on the side of the box. They're about 70% on
the former, and about 0% on the latter.

Archi Tuttle
Monk at Large
Innoruuk


