From 750541660613255192
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c18eaaaea398ffd8,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-04-21 12:30:45 PST
Path: newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!paloalto-snf1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!enews.sgi.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.nj.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Eric San Juan" <shoegaze99@usa.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: War in Karana/Qeynos
Lines: 350
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Message-ID: <EdlE6.51843$C55.4807364@news1.rdc1.nj.home.com>
Date: Sat, 21 Apr 2001 19:30:44 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.23.28.75
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.nj.home.com 987881444 24.23.28.75 (Sat, 21 Apr 2001 12:30:44 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 21 Apr 2001 12:30:44 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: newsfeed.google.com alt.games.everquest:67630

This is a summary of events in Norrath dating to before the so-called Bloody
Kithicor event all the way up to the green mist in Karana, and how it all
links up together to point to a great war over Qeynos. Facinating stuff. I
made mention of it in another post just moments ago, so here it is with my
apologies to the author. To see the original, along with a vast, vast thread
adding even more to it, visit www.1fol.cjb.net

--------------------------

Greetings everyone. I have spent the past few weeks or so looking into some
rather strange happenings in the game that seem to hint there will be
another war in game. War? No not a player run war. How many people ever
heard of what was called "Bloody Kithicor"? It was the GM run event of 1999
that ended with the plane of hate opening. The core of the battle involved
Lanys, Innoruuks daughter...pitched against Firiona Vie and the result of
that battle was a fabric torn in reality that left open the plane of hate
for adventurers from Norrath.

Now as of late I have been following things that have been happening. Lately
the appearance of a mysterious bard who keeps contacting me named Melondar
and "forsoothes" of a great war to come that is to pinnacle Bloody Kithicor
and end in the plane of decay opening, the thesis...the attempt to summon
Bertoxuulous into Norrath by the Bloodsabres.

Now I know alot about this storyline as I had the luck and pleasure to
become directly involved in it. I ended up being commanded by word of
Mithaniel Marr to raise an army to defend high keep...so that being the
case...I ended up learning every detail of the war. I know things most don't
and to be honest I wouldn't be surprised if I knew things no one else knew
on any server...I know some very obscure facts...but I also know that from
my role as leader of the defense forces of high keep when Lanys attacked and
we met her forces in Kithicor. What strikes me the most odd is thie Melondar
seems to know these same facts...and FYI...Druzzil Ro started as a split
server...the war never happened on Druzzil Ro...but it did happen on Solusek
Ro and Fennin Ro of which Druzzil Ro was made initially for.


The facts that lead up to the belief there will be war, in order (all of
which HAVE occured and BEEN occuring in game):

1. Lets start with Bloody Kithicor. I was commanded to defend high keep. In
doing so I set up sentries in varying locations throughout Norrath. So I
knew everything that happened as it evolved. Nurgles Stones (see
everquest.com), an ogre flees high keep heading from Neriak taking precious
ore stones delievered to him by way of Tyrana Sil.

2. Sightings of Lanys throughout Nektulous forest, the daughter of Innoruuk.

3. Sightings of Firiona Vie, daughter of Tunare and King Thex.

4. Firiona Vie and delegates from Kaladim and Felwithe come to High Pass to
meet and discuss the stolen stones and the rumors of war pouring out from
Neriak. Lord Tephys pledges the aid of the Koa'dal and Firiona Vie along
with the dwarves of Kaladim. Firiona Vie was raised at birth to battle Lanys
by Lord Tephys.

5. I become commanded to defend high keep by Mithaniel Marr as a result of a
dark elf betraying the council of the gods and ascending as Innoruuks avatar
of hate. He proclaims my end and swears norrath will be bathed in blood. I
ride out and sit and wait the next week to a week and a half out and send
out sentries through Norrath to keep watch.

6. King Thex appears to the masses in Felwithe and addresses Firiona Vie in
response to the war. Mayong Mistmoore sends fiends to attack both Kelethin
and Felwithe. Sentries alert me and heroes are dispatched swiftly to repel
the assault.

7. repeated forboding appearances by the Avatar of Hate.

8. Diplomats from Felwithe arrive, Carson McCabe the leader of High Keep
requests a caravan guard sent to freeport to protect the dignitaries on
their journey. I send scouts to Nektulous forest and a full compliment of
guards are sent to Freeport. Dark elves attack the caravan but are stopped
in their tracks.

9. The day before the war. Scouts report the dark elven army assembles for
battle in the Nektulous Forest. Scouts I sent report General Laarthtik, the
Avatar of Hate, Lanys T'Vyll, Donk Crushbone the son of Emporer Crush and an
unknown Troll from Grobb also known to be present. The Avatar of Hate and
General kill any spies and scouts found on site and all those that appear at
the Wizard pyramid.

10. The battle that becomes etched in history as Bloody Kithicor. My spies
see the armies riding in Nektulous Forest moving for the east commons. I
deploy all assembled fighting units to the commonlands. War breaks out.
Faydwere remains silent all the while. The core of the battle takes place in
Kithicor woods. My unit held the gates of high keep and kept the generals
from advancing into the karana plains. Another group of heroes was sent into
rivervale to stop the dark elven armies as they entered rivervale and a
wholesale slaughter commenced against the halflings.

The armies pushed past rivervale into the Misty Thicket. It was obvious
their intent was to circle through runnyeye and into the east karanas. They
were pushed back from Misty Thicket, back into Rivervale and finally back
out into the kithicor wood.

My group summoned reinforcements to keep the gates of high pass secure as we
began our fight against various generals in the pass and succeeded in
keeping the gates of high pass secure. The remaining feir dal forces engaged
the bridge that lead to north karana to secure it.

In Kithicor wood, General Laarthtik opens a gateway into Innoruuks realm
tearing a hole into the fabric of reality that unleashes not only a
permanent rift between Norrath and the plane of hate...but the touch of
Innoruuk himself which manifests itself ever eve when the sun sets upon the
woods. Firiona Vie slays Lanys T'Vyll. General Laarthtik and Lord Tephys
both fall in battle. Neither Donk Crushbone or the unknown Troll are seen in
battle, whereabouts unknown. A herald of Marr bestows a blade from on high
to wield into battle as reward for valoros service rendered and the 1st Fist
of Light is born having won its first victory in the name of all that is
good. The Avatar of Hate, vanishes into the unknown never to be heard from
again.

11. Lanys is returned from the grave with the help of an unknown
necromancer. she is placed into the body of a fallen Teir Dal that is not
her own.

12. Sometime later Firiona Vie is kidnapped by the Iksar in response to the
elves "meddling" into the affairs of the Iksar people. Ring of Scale
"relieves" the Iksar people of the elven princess. All goes silent.

13. "Rude Individuals" appear outside the gates of qeynos. These individulas
multiply and begin to set up camp outside of the city limits in the hills,
and are now termed "Loathsome Individuals". It is believed they are members
of some cult as strange weapons are found in their posession seemingly
bearing signifigance of rank. Initiates Longsword, Adepts Longsword,
Befouled Longsword.

14. A "Loathsome Messenger" is seen dissappearing into the aqaducts which
lead into the catacombs. He is intercepted and in his possession is a letter
to the Bloodsabres informing them of their arrival to the temple. It is
believed they are the soon to be "troops" of the Bloodsabres, in service to
Bertoxuulous. In the letter one Mordavin Telase is implicated as the High
Priest of Decay.

15. Following day all the Loathsome Individual camps are "empty" and not a
soul is found within. Strange mermers are now heard within the sewers as the
"Loathsome Individuals" now have resurfaced as the guardians to the
Bloodsabres Citidel within the Qeynos Catacombs. Also seen within the sewers
are "the necro lord" and "Mordavin Telase". The necro lord vanishes and is
never seen again; presumed a lich who is lain to rest by adventurers.

16. The capture of Mordavin Telase. Antonius Bayle summons the local
magistrate and demands the capture of Mordavin Telase. He is seen fleeing
into the west karanas, believed to be heading for a camp of strange bandits
who have been noted to been taking up camp within the mountains. Mordavin
Telase is captured and brought in. His last words are, "my capture will not
stop the coming of Bertoxuulous". That camp of bandits by the way still
stands. They are comprise a necromancer and a shadow knight, all believed to
be Bloodsabres.

16. Firiona Vie is "freed" from Veeshans Peak.

17. Lanys begins to appear in Nektulous Forest again, as she did before
Bloody Kithicor...she slays all who are not of "dark blood" as she had in
her initial appearances when she first revealed herself. It is said some
Teir Dal do not believe she is the true Lanys do to her "ressurection" in a
newer form.

18. Lanys proclaims there will be war. When I attempted to confront her in
the Nektulous Forest she told the others (having never seen me and note I
always use the /roleplay tag), "he is only a paladin." She then vanished
before I could reach her.

All of the aforementioned are all actual GM/Verant events that occured in
game. Note, this ALL HAPPENED and there is MORE...Keep reading.

So the 1FOL gets curious, it being an RP guild. We start investigating one
evening, "wondering" about what "adventures" we could possibly have. We
decide to start looking around. The facts as we discovered them in order of
appearance. Note some of this all appeared BEFORE Bloody Kithicor and some
of this is all VERY recent, new.

1. We notice first one of the faction hits against the undead that now guard
the bloodsabres citadel is Opal Darkbriar. Who is Opal Darkbriar? She is two
people or one operating in disguise. She appears within the casters guild in
freeport as a high elf, and a dark elven priestess within the Church of the
Dismal Rage (mostly human followers of Innoruuk) under Freeport as a Liason
from the Church of the Firstborn (followers of Innoruuk from Neriak).

2. Later there is rumor about Drosco, supposedly turning in his note and the
amulet of thunder begins a long quest for a warhammer known only as
"thunder". Thunder when recieved is "not" complete in its workmanship of
material or arcane/holyness. I've spent about a week now and cannot get
Drosco to drop an Amulet of Thunder, only his letter.

Drosco for those that do not know is a spy sent from the Temple of Thunder
to spy upon the Bloodsabres. Sir Wolten gives a quest to find him near the
temple. The note you are to give Drosco says only "The Storm is Near". When
you turn in the letter from Drosco you are given a note to take to the
knights of truth in freeport. If you read the note for the knights of truth
it mentiones that their spy may be endangered. Who is their spy? Now it is
known the knights of truth do have a spyt amidst the Freeport Militia, but
is it him or a spy within the Church of the Dismal Rage?

3. Also note the following. Lieutenant Arathur is from Freeport and a member
of the Qeynos guard and worships Mithaniel Marr. The guard of Qeynos seems
split between followers of Rodcet Nife and you guessed it, Bertoxuulous.

4. Kane Bayle is the brother and blood heir to Antonius Bayle. If Antonius
is ever killed then Kane Bayle takes the throne and becomes ruler of the
Kingdom of Qeynos. He would not only rule the city but also the plains as
well. On a side note for those that do not know, Antonica was named after
Antonius Bayle. The one on the throne now is the 3rd, so presumably the 1st
was the namesake. Kane Bayle is also captain of the guard. There are rumors
in abundance about Kane Bayle supposedly consorting with "strange things" in
the night. He is the ward of Nerissa Clothspinner who "fears" him. She also
states her fear in Qeynos's safety. Kane sent the core of its defenses out
into the plains leaving Qeynos vulnerable to an attack.

5. Captain Rohand of the mermaids lure speaks of Mayong Mistmoore. Mayong
Mistmoore is a fallen high elf that was touched by Innoruuk and turned into
his current state. Note, Mayong Mistmoore is larger then most dark
elves...now you know why. When talking with Rohand...Madame Serena
interviened and asked me what faith I followed. When I spoke "I follow
Mithaniel Marr" she said for me to go into the sewers and "hail Mister
Bloodheart". Mister Bloodheart is none other then Sraag Bloodheart the
leader of the Bloodsabres and the champion of Bertoxuulous. It is believed
Mordavin Telase may have only been a stool to take the fall to grant more
time for the Bloodsabres to unfold their plan of summoning Bertoxuulous.

6. Ravenspirit discovers Tovax Vmar walking a path he doesn't usually walk.
She kills him and retrieves a note from his body proclaiming an alliance
between the Bloodsabres and the Church of the Firstborn. The note by the way
is addressed to Opal Darkbriar of the Church of the Dismal Rage.

7. Later its discovered Kizdean Gix carries a letter on him. This supposedly
one of the items for the burning rapier quest. It is written in orc and has
yet to be translated but what little we have deciphered from it, it talks
about an alliance with the dark elves and the Kingdom of Crushbone, sealed
with none other then Donk Crushbone. It is unknown as to wether this is
referring to the day BEFORE Bloody Kithicor or is something recent or
something about to happen. Note in Crushbone is "Ambassador" D'Vinn and The
Prophet who also has a note written in orc that discusses the alliance.

8. Miscellaneos lore of Qeynos that may or may not be associated. Sir Wolten
(same person that asks you to find Drosco) also gives a quest to find the
rat king. Supposedly the rat king has never been found on any server. In
medieval times that was also slang for a king of the beggars often found
lairing in either sewer ducts or dillapadated buildings. I found him in the
guise of "Beggar Wyllin" in the sewers. He IS a Bloodsabre and had been
sending his rats up to plague the city. Also note rats in medieval times
were the prime carriers of diseases. When you turn in the rat kings head you
are rewarded with a newbie item and take a faction hit against the
bloodsabres.

Missing Children. There are THREE missing children. How these all tie in
together is somewhat uncertain. One of which has to do with someone from the
 Ironforge estates wherever that is. A daughter who is found in, NERIAK!
Note the tie into Neriak? Another (a guards daughter, presumed paladin) is
swollowed whole by cubert. A third is MURDERED by order of Sraag Bloodheart.
All that is known is that you can hail Zamel by the bank in Qeynos to get
the quest for the paladins daughter and that the child in Neriak can only be
talked to once her guard is killed outside her chambers which are still a
mystery. Now heres the question, are these all tied together and WHY would
Sraag Bloodheart want a child slain? Where is the threat of a child or
children? No one knows yet.

Note the scrawlings in sewers. I believe its actually important. They
mention "a stupid ogre", "The Iron Toe Brigade" which is believed to be
"Trumpy, Clumpy and Dumpy". Also there is note of "Aradune" and warnings
about the bloodsabres along with one final interesting note, "Kane is one of
them". Who is Dumpy and Clumpy and where are they?

9. Trumpy Irontoe. Also associated with one of the individuals that Sraag
orders to murder. Who is Trumpy Irontoe. Get him drunk and he starts
talking. He actually is a lacky under emply of guess who? Sraag Bloodheart.
He also reveals that Kane Bayle is none other then a servant/lacky/pawn to
none other then Sraag Bloodheart. So if Kane ever succeeds his brother
Antonius and becomes king, then the Bloodsabres hold power over the Kingdom
of Qeynos. Notice, all things always seem to end at who? Sraag Bloodheart.

Also note Trumpy has talked on more then one occassion and Sraag puts out a
hit on Trumpy for revealing too much information. This is discovered via the
Bloodforge Hammer quest.

10. Smugglers Ring. Note in high pass their is a Lieutenant there that is a
Bloodsabre (shadow knight SK) and the guards of both freeport and qeynos
both have an unusually keen interest. Someone also pointed out that there
are also dwarves in the Kaladim area associated with the ring? Possible
involvement with Trumpy? Also note in qeynos the smugglers den inside the
sewers. Question is this, if they are smuggling in this ring...what exactly
are they smuggling and why?

Thats what all the information we have discovered at this point in time.
Note most of this goes all the way back to the very beginning of EQ from two
years ago and is just now adding up.

I keep hearing rumors about an attack against Felwithe by the Crushbone
Orcs. This happens around the time Lanys proclaims war.

Now lets enter Melondar. A strange bard that appeared seemingly knowing more
then any I have ever met about the events that happened and Bloody Kithicor.
When we first meet I ask him "why me?" and he says "why not?" and then goes
on to say "we have been watching a while now" and I say "who is we?" and he
goes on to note my perceptions. He never answers but rather says "the gods
are fickle and quick to anger". He tells me there is a portal opening into
another realm of darkness and I will be paramount and ready to take my place
as a legend.

What strikes me the most is how he knows such obscure facts. Until very
recently most people even in 1st Fist of Light did not know exactly what I
knew and this bard seemed to know "everything" before I even spoke the
words. Also note Druzzil Ro is a split server. Bloody Kithicor never
happened as a "GM Event" here because the server wasn't made until some time
AFTER the Bloody Kithicor event had already passed.

He has appeared again speaking of someone from the light that is a traitor.
I am not sure who this is yet. Perhaps the good Opal Darkbriar seen in the
casters guild? He also keeps mentioning of a storm gathering and he too also
sounded suggestive as a battle against Felwithe by Crushbone and in a
message to another said the Storm gathers in the east and darkness would be
falling. The east is Kunark and Faydwere, I am betting its Faydwere.
Something else he said when we discussed Lanys, "Lanys is only a pawn". Keep
in mind the Bloodsabre/Church of the Firstborn alliance. He also said Bloody
Kithicor was only a test.

Mel also stated that others would be needed in the "final hour" meaning
there was a great battle of paramount. He told me I would need many to stand
my side and if we all failed that the bloodshed of many would be upon us.
Also something else to chew on. "Drowned Citizens" are now found in the
water pit in the tunnels leading to east freeport. These "drowned citizens"
are undead and have a touch which...causes disease; imagine that. Keep in
mind also in the tunnels lies the Church of the Dismal Rage.

I also have this feeling that this may be a three way assault. I could be
wrong but it would make sense strategicly. The elves of Kelethin and
Felwithe are cut off from an attack by the Kingdom of Crushbone, which would
probably bring the aid of the dwarves. High Keep will be attacked yet again
by Lanys's armies. This will leave Qeynos completely cut off and with their
troops in the field...ripe for an attack...by who? The bloodsabres and their
new army formed by their former Loathsome Individuals which will end in an
attempted summoning of Bertoxuulous/opening of the plane of decay.

And no Halas won't get involved as A, they would have to go through
Blackburrow and they are a group of Clansmen with no known leader to unite
them. Erudin is cut off by sea which means by the time they would be able to
react the damage would already be done.

So there you have it. I realize this is alot...but yes...it looks like war
could be happening...and a rather in depth well planned out one at that.
Only time will tell what will happen. I know when things unfold with Mel
they will go to the 1FOL boards located at www.1fol.cjb.net and if anyone
hears or finds out anything further please contact me.
Banegrivm Shadowblight
Sovereign Lord of the 1st Fist of Light
www.1fol.cjb.net





