From 8460053067769992329
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,61ed98184de28964
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-02 04:53:06 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To:  emporer@dejazzd.com
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Enchanter Soloing
References: <j2jnsvo246at5vn9h705qb4hntf500q3i0@4ax.com>
In-Reply-To: <j2jnsvo246at5vn9h705qb4hntf500q3i0@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 118
Message-ID: <450zb.141$tw1.9692@nnrp1.ptd.net>
Date: Tue, 02 Dec 2003 13:04:00 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.233.20
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1070370240 66.109.233.20 (Tue, 02 Dec 2003 08:04:00 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 02 Dec 2003 08:04:00 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:9904



Pepper wrote:
> Hello People Of Norrath.  
> 
> I have a question that I like a little clarification please.
> in some guides (Free ones) it says that an Enchanter can solo.  I sure
> would like to know where if possible.
> 
Depending on your method, skills, and stats, just about anywhere.  Some 
of the methods I outline below would only be suited to very low level 
mobs, but the charm soloing plan works even in the POP zones where tanks 
your level fear to tread without a cleric AND shaman in support


> And some documentation says That an Echanter cannot solo that its main
> job is to control mobs.
> 
> Who right and wrong?
> 
> Oh Might help 52 Enchanter Agnostic on Xegony server.
> 
> Thanks ahead for any advice
> Happy and safe Holidays
> 
> Peter
> 
Every class can solo.  Even Rogues.  Its just a question of How, and how 
well they can do so compared to other classes, and of how well they will 
do compared to being in a group.

Enchanters have several methods they can solo with.

1) Melee.  Haste themselves, slow their targets, use chain stuns to keep 
their targets from doing much hitting, use Runes to prevent hits from 
doing damage.  With their melee skills capped at low levels, lacking any 
of the bonus melee skills like dual weild, double attack, riposte etc., 
and lacking the bonus per hit of real melee, enchanters suck at this. 
Also lacking any self healing other than bind wounds, which is capped at 
a low level, they suck at it even more.  Still, it can be done if you 
really want to.

2) Pet melee.  Again, hasted pet, slowed target... but your animation is 
a much better melee than you are.  Options include stuns and runes 
(preferably the reagent free one) to help keep pet alive, or mez and 
replace to chain pets.  Animations aren't the best pets for this sort of 
thing, but they can get the job done.

3) Root and Rot: root mob, put DOT spells on, wait for him to die while 
you sit around drinking Lattes.  Trouble is, enchanters have pretty poor 
DOTs, and have trouble stacking them, so this may take a long long time.

4) Root and shoot: make mob stand still, back away to max range, nuke, 
reroot, repeat.  You don't have to use root for this, mez works too, 
oddly enough, depending on what is cheapest, fastest casting, and sticks 
reliably long enough for you to get that nuke off.  Root is nice though 
because sometimes you get two or three nukes in before it breaks. 
Enchanters aren't great nukers, but this can get the job done.

5) Charm killing.  Aha, now we are talking seriously.  Charm a mob. 
Order it to kill another mob.  Slow the target, haste your pet (if you 
dare)  Keep target rooted.  When charm breaks, stun then mez your former 
pet and recharm him.  Keeping him tashed helps, as does using a short 
duration mez; you only want him to stand still long enough to stick 
charm.  This is very dangerous, however its also one of the best soloing 
methods in the game... AND it teaches you valuable skills which you can 
use in a group.

6) combine more than one of the above methods; tank while your animation 
helps, animation and DOTs, DOTs and nukes, etc.  One plan thats really 
effective is to combine 6 with another plan in a special way; disposable 
pet: after your pet has taken down a few mobs and is badly injured, 
break the charm and finish off the former pet for an easy bonus kill.

7) My cleric used to deliberately bring together two mobs that would 
fight each other, let them battle it out till one side was running, then 
root the winner, finish off the loser, atone the winner.  You could do 
the same thing with mem blur.  I don't know why you'd want to with 
better tools available, but you -could-

Most enchanters are relegated to crowd control in groups, which is after 
all something they are good at.  However, this specialization can work 
against you; with the advent of lull pulling, its quite possible for 
groups to move thru entire dungeons without ever seeing more than two or 
three mobs at a time, usually One at a time.  Yes, you have Lull line 
too, but since clerics, paladins, and bards have it and bring something 
else to the group, an enchanter is rarely asked along only to lull.

This is why I stress the charm soloing thing above.  Not only is it a 
highly effective soloing tool, a charmed pet turns an enchanter into a 
group asset: high DPS.  IF you are great at controlling your pet, so he 
isn't a danger to your group, then a charmed mob can dramatically 
contribute to group kill speed.  Now you bring something to the table to 
make you worth bringing along; not only can you mez those pesky adds and 
set your group up with great hastes and resists, but instead of taking 
up a slot to do so that could have gone to a DPS class, you Are a DPS class.

Perhaps one enchanter in five can do this well, but the ones that are 
are the best thing a group can find... and in my opinion, the reason so 
many enchanters find it so hard to find groups these days is that so few 
of them bring this tool to the table that groups aren't even aware its a 
possibility, so they look and say "we have KEI, the shaman can haste and 
slow, we'll lull pull and root adds... dont need enchanter"

Don't, however, start charming in groups right away.  If you haven't 
been soloing with this, you aren't ready for a group, unless its friends 
who want to support you while you learn how.  A healing partner would be 
a great help at first.  But to really be able to do this in a group in a 
crunch situation, you should be able to do it without the training 
wheels; solo, no support team to bail you out.

So here's what strikes me as funny about your question: if you aren't a 
soloing enchanter, then indeed, your main job in a group -is- crowd 
control; only a good soloing enchanter is going to be able to do the 
other job chanters fill well in a group; DPS class!

Splendid One, 55 Gnomage, Firiona Vie



