From -507667225617695424
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,720dfd889977e5f5,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-06-22 05:16:54 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-xit-09!supernews.com!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3EF59BB4.C2E7812B@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Finding 49 shaman spells
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 114
Date: Sun, 22 Jun 2003 12:10:42 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.30
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1056283842 66.109.254.30 (Sun, 22 Jun 2003 08:10:42 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 22 Jun 2003 08:10:42 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:289305

I did all of 48 yesterday in a group in POJ exit, sometimes with
a cleric healer, other times as sole healer... once we even had a
necro doing all the healing, as long as I slowed every mob this
actually worked, we thought he'd be secondary healer but noone
ever seemed to get hurt enough to warrant me healing, so I
stuckto slows and pet and buffs and nukes with the occaisional
stoicism on the necro himself.  At the end we were down to me, a
ranger, and a monk when I finally dinged 49.  I did another
yellow that way, still without my 49 spells, by which point we
had the group back up to full, still with me as sole healer, but
by now with an enchanter with a better haste and slow than I
have, so healing is all I was doing.  Then a 48 shaman showed up
LFG, so I got him to take my place and logged out.

Later, I logged back in and went to buy my spells.  I already had
the 49 pet spell in the bank.  The library in POK had exactly one
spell for me, Shock of Venom.  I was shocked, usually the library
has at least half the spells for a level.  Off to Neriak.  Not
one single spell.  There is a general items vendor there that is
labeled Shaman spells, perhaps he's supposed to have them... but
he sure doesn't, nor does anyone else I could find in there.  I
enlisted a "good" friend to go to Hallas for me, while I went to
Ogguk.  Here I found Rage, Strength, Dexterity, Charisma, and
Malosi.  She found the same in Hallas, but of course that wasn't
necessary.  Then I sent her to the "poison" vendor up in
Everfrost, while I went to Overthere, because I'd been told that
the spells were in Firiona Vie and hoped that OT would be the
evil equivalent.  No joy there at all, but my friend found
Envenomed Bolt, Plague, and Abolish Disease on the Barbie in
Everfrost.  Finally we sent her out to FV while I went to
Shadowhaven; she found nothing, contrary to rumor, I found HOS on
the shadowhaven vendor.  I checked the Bazaar, no Infusion of
Spirit.

So I did get everything but IOS, it was just a bit annoying, and
the rumor mill was entirely wrong on every count; POK library, my
home shaman guild, and FV were all the places I was told I'd find
my spells, and other than Shock of Venom I found not one of my
spells in -any- of those places!

IOS still eludes me, the persistant rumor I find is that its a
level 61 beastlord spell which can only be gotten by handing in
Ethereal Parchments to the BL guy in POK, and is sometimes seen
in Bazaar for 3Kpp.  That seems astonishing for a 49 spell...

Here's the rundown:

Shock of Venom, 460 point nuke, from POK; conjuration line, which
is why I used its predessessor, my evocation skill sucks but
conjuration is up near max from DOTting, nukes are good to have
in groups where mobs tend to die too fast for full effect from
DOTs

Strength: 66 str boost, from Ogguk, does not stack with HOS so
seems useless.
Dexterity: 50 dex boost, from Ogguk, does not stack with HOS so
seems useless
Charisma: 40 cha boost, from Ogguk
Rage: 18 AC 51 agi 51 str 51 dex self only short duration combat
booster, from Ogguk  I keep meaning to work on my abjuration
skills so I can better use this line soloing, it lasts 10
minutes, locks out casting spells for 30 seconds, I've used the
earlier ones by pulling a mob, getting it slowed and dotted and
then turning this on, Fury seemed to help but fizzling it a
couple times per try is annoying.
Malosi: MR PR FR CR 59 point debuff, from Ogguk; its a rare mob
that requires more than Malaise from me, and most don't even need
that... since these spells can be resisted, if I can stick this I
can probably stick anything I need to stick without it.  I do use
the line when working with lower level groupmates, to let them
stick -their- spells... but usually Malaise does that job just
fine, we'll see if this one gets much of a workout ever,
Malaisement never did.

Envenomed Bolt: 110 DD plus 146 DOT 7 tics, from Everfrost Poison
vendor; this is the new big DOT I'll probably use all the time,
short duration high damage, I've never faced many mobs that this
wasn't a good deal on.
Plague: 60 DD plus 55 DOT 21 tics, from Everfrost Poison Vendor;
this line sees less use, the mobs have to live long enough for me
to get my mana's worth, I'm more likely to stack EB with Venom of
Snake.  Replaces Scourge as my 3rd DOT which I occaisionally use
when fighting multiple mobs, DOT the adds with everything
including this, then kill the first target while the DOTs do
their work on the adds, takes longer for them to die so the
disease DOTs have more of a chance to work.
Abolish Disease: Cure Disease with lots of counters, Everfrost
Poison Vendor.  While I've had little use for the cure disease
line thus far, I know in the end this spell is a shaman "killer
ap".  Druids and Clerics get Counteract Disease, which can take
three casts to remove a strong disease while Abolish gets it in
one... and the -real- use for that is in removing Slows.  At
higher levels, the shaman gets the slow remover job hands down
over cleric or druid...

Harnessing of Spirit, 250 HP 67 str 50 dex, at Shadowhaven shaman
vendor.  This overwrites Talisman of Altuna, same HP boost but
also adds same str as Strength and the same dex as Dexterity, and
I think is longer duration than any of the above.  I can't
imagine why I'd use either of the latter.  Very welcome for
reducing the work load of keeping full buffs on people and pet...
and I'm hoping the duration is a lot longer than Tuna

Infusion of Spirit, 50 str, 55 dex, 45 sta, can't find.  I don't
know if this stacks with HOS, if it doesn't it seems useless to
me.  Hmm, perhaps it stacks with Strength and/or Dexterity and/or
Stamina, and can be cast alongside Talisman of Altuna?  Any tips
on what this is used for and how to get it would be welcome, if I
find it at 3kpp in the bazaar I'll really need to know if its
worth anything, on the surface it looks like a spell I'll never
cast even if I do ever find it!

Paax, 49 shaman, Morel Thule



