From 3480424353923870366
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9f4aa539b5b55e5,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-01-09 05:12:13 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!intern1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 09 Jan 2004 07:12:10 -0600
Date: Fri, 09 Jan 2004 08:12:08 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: KS'd
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <p-ednV2vnY82NWOiRVn-jA@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 78
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.233.64
X-Trace: sv3-jrC+z708IpRP0wdoDaGVdFbVSGts/EvStscB+Gm5XNcRo7G82dAtYh5Q89eykOgVU6xjFUvzKp9nost!74fRbGTklOEEXlwwNqyjNNEvZO2Fc/7hV4dCeD+QH8HIZxJI67EzYJMfMyXZzfNuj+5t/JLYsT0=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14731

Down in the depths of the Temple of Droga, I had a little shock therapy 
applied to my notions of what various classes do.

Here's our group: warrior, cleric, cleric, enchanter, mage (me), SK.

The SK has to leave, and I'm going to have to leave relatively soon as 
well.  They line up replacements, and the SK uses her OT hammer (90% of 
melee on FV have one, since they are droppable, so you don't have to 
actually do all the annoying faction work to get one) and heads to POK 
to invite the two new fish.  Meantime, the warrior and cleric drop out 
to make room (I'm bleary by now, so I forget the second cleric)

No reason to stop pulling, though, after all, we are only short one SK, 
and the SK wasn't playing MT anyway, just means our cleric has to go 
back to snaring duty (DE cleric, I'm soo jealous)  Warrior pulls a mob, 
we lay into as usual, nothing particularly different about our approach; 
enchanter gets pet involved, I send pet, cleric melee's with her hammer 
and uses hammer pet, I nuke some.

OMG, Who Da Man says the warrior.  Look up, mob died, faction hits, but 
no exp.  Warrior has KS'd us.

Next mob, I nuke a little harder.  Same result.  Next mob I get serious, 
nuking up twice as much as usual (which means my mana bar drops more 
than I can replace, I can't sustain this pace).  Same result.  Enchanter 
is nuking more too.

We go thru 8 mobs this way, and get Zero kills.

As the new fish are invited by now, the SK leaves and we get the warrior 
back, ending the impromptu experiment.

I've expressed shock and awe in the AGE channel, and gotten no real 
answers back... everyone agrees that even with an SOD (damn thing 
proccing 288 damage every 4 seconds or so) warrior shouldn't be able to 
out DPS a mage alone, let alone one with cleric and enchanter as added 
DPS.  SOmeone asked about Disc... is there a damage creating discipline 
that can be sustained over the life span of 8 level 60ish mobs (they run 
59 to 61) with just a little group like this killing them?  Say 8 
minutes, more or less?

I have to admit though, that I was laboring under a false impression. 
I'd thought that the other cleric had logged.  Turns out she'd grouped 
with the warrior and was nuking.  8 mobs in a row, though, thats 
sustained DPS; nuking cleric + warrior beat mage + chanter + battlecleric

Neither Warrior nor cleric is generally supposed to be DPS, and Mage... 
Is supposed to.  And we had two hasted pets going at it too, armed with 
Blade of Wrulan and muzzles.

I never went mad flat out, burn down mode; after all we were short 
handed and had a job to do; I nuked heavy on a couple of the mobs, but 
could certainly have done more if I'd been willing to go OOM.  But I'm 
not talking about maximum DPS output in a burst situation, but rather 
sustained DSP over what could be hours of play.  And since it was 8 mobs 
in a row, I don't think the cleric went flat out crazy either, I don't 
see how she could sustain that for that many mobs.

I looked in the bazaar later, two SOD for sale, each for more pp than 
any of my characters have ever made, even adding it all together.  Dunno 
if thats a realistic price, but this was a level 61 warrior in a guild 
that hasn't yet managed to kill Vindi.  So are we talking Twink?  Maybe 
with EBay'd cash?  Dunno.  But I did have the feeling I remember from 
Overthere groups in my 30s when someone would show up who could go toe 
to toe with a tiger and not take visible damage, and totally waste it in 
just a few blows while previously our group was taking them down in a 
minute each and wanting a rest break (pull something smaller I need to 
med!) in between.

I'm also keen to get a good parsing setup that will include the procs 
off my pet's weapons and his stun, and so forth, and a little training 
in how to operate it; I assume the trick is to turn off all the filters 
so I get all the battle spam, and get in close to the fight, and log 
everything, then run the parser on the log.

Splendid One, 61 not feeling so Arch Gnomage, Firiona Vie




