From 6997294751430053168
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1fbb36ee3349b4b2,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews2.google.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 45: The Fireborn
Date: 25 Aug 2004 07:33:26 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 97
Message-ID: <cgi7vm$4bm@odak26.prod.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: odak26.prod.google.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1093444407 19068 127.0.0.1 (25 Aug 2004 14:33:27 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 25 Aug 2004 14:33:27 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14595

Tales of Loral
Chapter 45: The Fireborn

For three thousand years Fxandrakulzis the Fireborn ruled his lair in
the caverns of Garulon within the Plane of Fire. It was not a large
lair, perhaps two thousand minions, but it afforded him the opportunity
to delve into his passion, necromancy. Five hundred years previous the
Fireborn acquired a book outlining the dark art. Following its
instructions he tore apart dozens of his demonic minions and mortal
slaves only to raise them as twisted undead beasts. But the Fireborn
was not satisfied. He constantly sought out new necromatic magic to add
to his dark powers. Soon his wishes were answered.
The Fireborn

At the height of his power, the lich Miragul opened up rifts to both
the Plane of Torment and the Plane of Fire. He knew of the Fireborn and
had heard of his vast knowledge of necromancy. It took a great deal of
the lich's power, but soon through a burning summoning circle deep in
his icy labratory, Miragul pulled the Fireborn into the world of
Norrath.

The Fireborn found that the lich Miragul was the only mortal he had
ever liked, even perhaps admired if a greater demon can admire any
mortal. Together they built creations of true villainy and great
horror, the Demonbone Skeletons. These twisted remains of mortal bodies
and demonic spirits had a thirst for blood beyond any creature of
Norrath and an unnatural strength to match.
The Fireborn in Miragul's Lair

One day Miragul left the Fireborn's laboratory and never returned. It
mattered little to the red leathery-winged demon. He drew fourth
minions of his own world, huge muscled beasts like himself and
continued his work. Soon the icy caverns of Miragul's lair were filled
with the Fireborn's demon-blooded undead. Even planar beasts of Torment
served his will, some huge rough-furred hulks and others hideous
malformations of flesh, muscle, and fanged tentacles. Soon after, the
caverns of Miragul's lair had been uncovered.

It was then that the Fireborn met the priest.

He had just finished the construction of a huge and powerful demonbone
skeleton, one built from the bones of a cloven hoofed Tormentor and a
mammoth. It was filled with a dark spirit that made even the Fireborn
shivver. He found the entrance of the adventuring party to be quite
timely.
The Labs of Miragul

The Fireborn sent a telepathic command to his new beast and both he and
a fellow red-winged demon watched the monstrosity rush out into the icy
caverns. A crash of thunder filled the hall. A blast of heat rushed
into the normally chilled halls. For the Fireborn and his companion it
was a taste of the fiery pits of home. The clash of battle could be
heard in the hall for perhaps a minute and then the party entered the
Fireborn's lair.

The Fireborn took no chances. He sent the other demon forward and sent
a wave of lava over the party. Each member of the six used some form of
protection from molten rock. Three hid behind shields, two behind
cloaks, and one simply let it roll off of the protective shell of his
armor.

The party was very well equipped. He soon saw that their skills matched
their equipment when his minion was cut down under a flurry of blades
and spells.
Battle

The Fireborn had not lived for four thousand years by acting rashly. He
knew when he was out-matched. He was already chanting his darkspeech,
preparing to return to his own world when the first arrow pierced his
side. His spell fizzled when a stunning blast from the outstretched
hand of a dwarven bladeswinger knocked him back. The sword wielders of
the party where on him in an instant, tearing into his thick red skin
and through his leathery wings. He ripped at them with claws lined with
fire, inflicting hideous gaping wounds but blue waves of light sealed
them and the party continued their attack.

Then a voice filled his head, a telepathic voice in the darkspeech of
the demon princes. It was a voice he knew well.

"Hello, dear friend," Xuzl spoke.

"Master! Protect me from these hideous mortals!" the Fireborn pleaded
in his own telepathic reply.

"You cannot win, especially not against one holding me," the voice
spoke calmly.

The Fireborn saw it. A circular shield blazing with fire held by the
golden-armored priest. A thousand questions entered his mind but all of
them were silenced when a beam of searing red energy burned a perfect
hole through the center of his head like a third eye. The last thing he
saw was the shield blazing with fire, the fire of his master. He awoke
on his island of rock in the center of a thousand mile lake of lava in
the Plane of Fire. It would be five hundred years before he could
return to Norrath again. Streams of lava rolled down his red cheeks. He
had been betrayed.



