From -8084657634071633466
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,58e4e25f5d0ba65b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-19 13:04:43 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newshub2.home.com!news.home.com!news1.mntp1.il.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Scott T. Jensen" <stj@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <ILyW6.291936$oc7.20454237@news2.rdc2.tx.home.com>
Subject: Re: (OT) Anarchy Online What do YOU Think?
Lines: 92
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Message-ID: <I6OX6.65748$mG4.31630031@news1.mntp1.il.home.com>
Date: Tue, 19 Jun 2001 19:55:20 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.183.2.29
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.mntp1.il.home.com 992980520 24.183.2.29 (Tue, 19 Jun 2001 12:55:20 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 19 Jun 2001 12:55:20 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:87162

"Seth Brammer" wrote:
> Well, although no one is gonna give
> me a key for the game [AO] ... I wanna know
> what you think of it... so tell me...

I'm currently in beta4 so here are some thoughts from an AO beta4 tester.

1)  EQ has nothing to worry about.  AO is merely a futuristic version of EQ.
It is NOT science fiction ... if you define that as fiction based on current
scientific theories.  Far from it.  It's biggest "technology" is
nanotechnology, but it would appear not a SINGLE person at FunCom read
anything about nanotechnology.  I was really hoping this would finally be a
game that would show a good representation of nanotechnology in a game
setting.  I was and still am majorly disappointed on this front.
Nanotechnology in AO is merely a futuristic version of EQ magic system and
nothing more.  Any EQ magic user will be instantly at home in AO as a
nanomage (which is exactly what AO calls them).

2)  AO has nothing to worry about from EQ.  EQ and AO will not be really
competing against each other since they are in different genres.  It's like
saying Robert Jordan is competing with Arthur C. Clarke.  They sell to
different audiences.  Are there overlaps of these?  Yes, but I really don't
feel either threatens the other.  Those that want a futuristic setting will
play AO and those that want a high fantasy / medieval setting will play EQ.
If you don't like dwarves, elves, and ogres, nothing anyone can say is going
to get you to play EQ.  Same goes for AO.  You've got to like the genre to
want to play it.  Additionally, I fully expect AO to pull into MMORPGs
people that haven't ever played before because there wasn't a futuristic
setting for them.

3)  The game is full of bugs.  Only a few types of missions work and I've
found only one type that does work all but one time I've tried it.  This is
the common discussion around the Mission Centrals.  "Which missions aren't
broken?!"  I honestly can't believe they're going to release it on the 27th.
It needs at least another three months ... if not six to work out the bugs.
Some more examples of problems:  Merchants that you can't sell to or buy
from.  Things that you kill sometimes steal credits (AO's money) from you
when they die ... but wait it gets better ... and if they steal more from
you than you have, your credit counter rolls over and you end up with
MILLIONS of credits in your pocket!  Mission doors that don't let you zone
into the mission.  Infinity effects that make doors telescope into infinity.
Assassination missions where the person you're to assassinate isn't in the
interior mission zone.  Fix-it missions where the thing you're to fix is
either not in the mission zone or you can't fix it once you find it.  Find
person missions in open areas (forests, prairies, etc.) where the NPC spawns
when you get the mission at the Mission Central then the NPC walks off in a
random direction from its spawn point so by the time you get there it could
be anywhere in the zone or even zoned out (not in another zone, but hitting
a zone and no longer in the game).  False cons on mobs that mislead you how
strong or weak the mob is.  And Lord help your anger if you left-click
auto-equip your weapon hand with another weapon for its bye-bye to the
weapon you were holding at the time.  And this is the short bug list.  :-)

4) Laggggggggggggggggggg.  It is really bad.  One time so bad that it almost
made me feel like vomiting.  That was by the rubberbanding effect of running
forward, popping back, running forward, popping back, running forward, and
repeat until you heave.  Just today (June 19th) they've tried again to fix
this.  We'll see.

5) Silly stuff.

First, the bad:  The interiors of all buildings are MASSIVELY larger than
the exterior.  Mission quest items that you can't use being offered to you
to get you to take the mission.  Buildings with HUGE signs in front and on
top of them that advertise they sell something but sell practically
everything but what they says say they do, i.e. there's a place called
Nemesis Formulas that will sell you lava lamps, armor, weapons, and anything
else you can think of EXCEPT nano formulas (EQ translation: spells).

Now, the fun:  Cool sunglasses!  Wedding dresses!  Beanie caps!  Hot pink
plastic pants!  Bikinis!  Mini-skirts!  Big lollipops!  No, they have no AC,
stat boosts, or whatever, but who cares!  They look cool or make you laugh.
And rarely can you get them off of missions (I've only seen hot pink plastic
pants offered once in all the times [we're talking thousands] I've requested
missions) and thus are -- as far as I hear other say -- random finds in
treasure boxes.  They will be what everyone will be trading for.  They'll be
what develops the AO economy.  I've seen people offer full-sets of
high-quality armor and thousands of credits for another player's shades ...
and each time they were politely turned down.  This is what EQ needs to
have.  City clothes!

Now is beta4 enjoyable to play?  When you can connect, not get routinely
booted off, not be exposed to lag, and do missions that are not broken, yes,
it can be.  ;-)

Scott Jensen
--
Like to help advance science?
Volunteer your computer for folding-protein research for when it's idle.
Go to http://foldingathome.stanford.edu/ to sign up your computer.




