From -118396619143305168
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1204653826fd5e0f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-22 14:20:17 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!elnk-atl-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!prodigy.com!pd7cy2so!pd7cy1no!shaw.ca!pd2nf1so.cg.shawcable.net!residential.shaw.ca!news-out.superfeed.net!propagator2-maxim!feed-maxim.newsfeeds.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F96F48A.E7F6039D@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Preliminary report on level 39 mage spells
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 87
Date: Wed, 22 Oct 2003 21:29:31 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.91
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1066858171 66.109.253.91 (Wed, 22 Oct 2003 17:29:31 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 22 Oct 2003 17:29:31 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:3929

Conjuration X:  Four new pets... well, two until I get the other
two researched.  Air and Fire.  Fire is of course useless as
always, since it only does the extra damage if its the target,
but it has the worst HP so it really makes the worst tank.  Air
is always fun, though, the stuns function as a ghetto slow,
ghetto snare, and add taunt, which is handy for keeping the mobs
from heading for me, but never interferes with it staying on PC
tanks due to the mob aggro coding.  Sad to lose the Monster
Summoning, though, since those pets may not be the best but they
are decent, and they are a lot more fun due to the varied nature
of them.  

Flame Arc:  PB AOE.  Ooooh, be still my heart.  I think its been
most of two years since I've seen a PB AE group, and I'm still
too low level for one realistically.  

Rain of Lava: Rain.  POS spell line IMO, divide the damage up
into three waves so you lose one if the mob starts to run, plus
they get three seperate chances at a resist.  On the other hand,
it does deliver full damage every time barring resists, which is
better than most nukes with their random damage ranges

No real nuke.  Very dissapointing, I feel you should get one nuke
per spell level, that and pet being the core of the class.  But I
spent ten levels using my 24 nuke, and now I'm spending a longer
10 levels using my 34 nuke.  Oh well.

Barrier of Combustion: New DS.  I haven't been hit while wearing
it, so I don't know how big it is.  Impressively so, I hope, it
sure chews mana.  Watchign the new pet buff window makes me wish
again that PC's in my group had the same window, I'd really love
to know when the DS wears off without having to cast it on myself
or torture the tanks into telling me (they really don't, maybe
once or twice, then they get bored with it)

Summon Ring of Flight: Levitation Ring.  For those rare
occaisions when levitation is in order, this is the bomb; no
component needed, can hand em out to people so they can put it on
or refresh it when they need it; its like SOW potions almost,
except for the two charge thing.  Sadly, people need levitation
even less often than they need EB.   I did run around for most of
a yellow floating like a gnome shaped balloon for the fun of it. 
Novelty wears off quick though.

Dagger of Symbols.  What a piece of crap.  5/20... you can get
better than that for a pp in the bazaar.  3 resists (forget
which) at 5 each.  I'm sooo excited.  At least the 10 something
weapons are good for giving to newbie pets.  These?  I'll keep
using my level one summoned dagger for my pets, or Sword of Runes
if I want them to look a little more cool.

Twisted Ring upgrade.  Thats not so bad, give me something else I
could hand out to group mates if they didn't already have the
focus items.  I don't have any focus items myself, so keeping
these on myself is a good thing at least.

Summon Phantom Plate.  Sack full of plate armor.  Primarily for
use by pets.  Personally I don't notice any difference in a pet's
tanking ability based on him wearing this stuff, but I have been
using the chain anyway, just in the hopes there's an incremental
effect that adds up in the long run.  Anyone actually parse this
stuff to see if it means anything?

Expell Summoned:  OK, I admit I haven't done the math, but this
line tends to be a less mana efficient way of doing damage than
regular nukes.  Maybe since there -is- no 39 nuke its worth while
till 44?  Sadly, the lack of useful targets means I don't much
care, just as with those incredible summoned swords of no bloody
targets.

Summon Companion.  Well, I haven't had much trouble with pet
pathing with this mage, I remember back in the day years ago when
I'd have given my left... well anyway  a lot for such an
ability.  Now that they dont' get lost and don't aggro anything 
when they do path closer to mobs than I'd like, do I really
care?  Its not as though I can invis to get past the mobs and
then summon pet to me, after all.  Can I gate in zone and not
lose pet?  That might be interesting although at the moment I
can't think why.

Thats the list unless I'm missing something... isn't there a
level 39 Velious drop spell for mages?

Not the most exciting of spell levels, although my new pet is
much more effective at slaughtering mobs in OT.

Splendid One, 39 gnomage, Firiona Vie


