From 6348140325979457535
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c27326dd38a6b931,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-03 09:20:49 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!cyclone-sf.pbi.net!63.208.208.143!feed2.onemain.com!feed1.onemain.com!isdnet!212.198.2.61.MISMATCH!noos!not-for-mail
From: "Jean-Claude Lenoir" <fpernes@noos.fr>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: My conception of player killing.
Date: Sun, 3 Jun 2001 18:07:15 +0200
Organization: Service Usenet NoosNet
Lines: 89
Message-ID: <9fdnct$i8c$1@neon.noos.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: r107m23.cybercable.tm.fr
X-Trace: neon.noos.net 991584477 18700 195.132.107.23 (3 Jun 2001 16:07:57 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: abuse@noos.fr
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 3 Jun 2001 16:07:57 +0000 (UTC)
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:81006

From http://www.pk-hq.com

The purpose of this editorial is to introduce you to the PK-HQ site and to
our conception of player killing.

In France during Middle Age, Paris was once nicknamed: "the city of lights".
Not for its fame or cultural image but because at dusk, its inhabitants put
candles at their windows. Wayfarers could see them shining in the distance
when they came to the town. Candles at all windows, what a smart and refined
idea it was! However, the reason that motivated people to light their
streets had nothing to do with esthetics. Indeed, in these rough times,
going out at night meant turning into an easy prey for thieves. Thieves hid
in the darkness, waiting for victims, to knock and loot. Therefore, for
Paris citizens, candles' light was a way to prevent bandits from hiding in
the dark.

All along times, everywhere in the world, bandits have always attacked
honest people. Bandits were (and are) at every level of the hierarchy, from
clumsy and low thieves to the mob Godfathers. The need of "possession" is
part of human nature and people use people to serve their own interests.

In nowadays-virtual communities, such as Ultima Online or Meridian 59, it' s
funny to note that you will also find those brutal and bloodthirsty outlaws,
ready to mistreat honest players and eager to steal their goods. Is it a
surprise? In a game where competition and stats 'hierarchy rule, this
behavior is legitimate. A feeling of guilt does not stop a bandit player. He
uses ANY trick to reach his goal, whether it is cheating, theft or murder.
We happily welcome this kind of player on our site. Nothing will stop him.
Whatever are the measures taken against these evil creatures (PK switch and
other crap), they will always find a way to break some rules, and piss
everybody off. This site is based upon this selfish "philosophy". We do not
mean that genuine evil role players are unwelcome. We just think that a
virtual community must involve your real personality; rather than making up
a nice character according to the rules, a real player killer plays one role
only: his own, whatever it will lead him into.

The PK-HQ team is made of player-killers Yes, we do cheat. We kill, we
steal, we build our fortune, we make people crazy, and we do our best to
spread chaos and ill feeling. And guess what we get from all that? The
greatest pleasure and satisfaction of all our players ' career. (We started
playing with Pacman).

What makes a difference between the old Dungeon master and our new virtual
communities, is the interaction between players. Player killing is 100%
interaction, pure adrenaline. That is also the reason why games do not turn
into sinister graphic chatrooms. Player killers keep the whole community
awake but even games creators have difficulties in understanding this fact.
Companies receive complains, okay, but this keeps the player's interest
alert. Be aware that virtual communities still have very poor means. Do you
have fun when you must kill 12333354 monsters just to increase your
statistics? It can be cool for few days, and then you just get fed up. There
is no credit in increasing one's stats; what only matters is TIME spent on
the game killing robotic monsters. Adding to this, there is no real support
for what some people call the true role-playing. Companies would have to
hire new people working in shift 24 hours a day. These people would embody
precise characters, they would be in charge of "leading" intrigues, and
create stories in which players could be involved. Utopia? NO. Virtual
communities will be the number one hobby of the 21st century. You can be
sure that in the future, real games' masters will be hired and paid for what
they do.

Movies you see on TV are often violent. In books you read, something special
is always happening. In most cases, there is a conflict somewhere. Why
should it be different in virtual communities? What would be Tolkien's work
without Sauron? Nothing is more enthralling than a cause in which you get
involved, an ideal to defend. The best online game we can think of could,
for instance, put 2 populations in conflict, like egyptians and hittites
some thousands years ago. When you'd enter our virtual community for the
first time, you'd be asked to choose your side. Within your camp (hittites
for instance) you'd live among your pairs and evolve quietly into community
"mode". Same thing for the opposite camp. Except that the other camp could
attack you any time and steal your land, your goods, in order to prepare its
own confortable winter. You'd be permanently on the edge, you'd dread the
attack, you'd fortify your camp, you'd manage the war, you'd feed and
protect your family, you'd explore new territory and be the first to
conqueer it. It'd be a kind of civilization game where everybody has a role,
but. okay. Let's stop this fancy. It won't happen tomorrow, but it's more
tempting than a passive community which has for only goal to reach 100% in
its stats.

If you are already a Player-Killer, I can only encourage you, and if you are
the good guy, try the dark side of force, you will not regret it and Karas
HUR will appear to you!



From http://www.pk-hq.com




