From 7151286416852482502
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ae16c085f3dee2fd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-16 05:35:44 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!feeder.qis.net!pln-e!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews4
From: "Singha" <Singha@dont.bother.org>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Complete Luclin Skill List
Date: Fri, 16 Nov 2001 08:06:07 -0500
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 370
Message-ID: <9t336302b22@enews4.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-296.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:136331

Can't vouch for the source but this is on the SafeHouse board:
http://pub13.ezboard.com/fthesafehousethebackroomsecretsspoilers.showMessage
?topicID=8679.topic

If the formatting is messed up it's because this is a cut and paste from the
board. From what I've read on other sites and boards, at least the magician
skills (elemental forms) match up.

Exclusive: Luclin Skill Information!
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----
 Scribble Notes - This ability will reduce the amount of time it takes to
memorize a song.

Acrobatics - This ability will reduce the damage taken from falling.

Adv. Trap Negotiation - This ability will reduce the reuse times on sense
and disarm traps.

Physical Enhancement - This ability will give the player additional
improvement in thier Natural Durability, Avoidance Boost, and Mitigation
Boost abilities.

Body and Mind Rejuvenation - This ability will give the player 1 additional
point of mana and hitpoint regeneration.

Singing Mastery - This ability allows for specialization and improved use of
the specific instrument type.

Strong Root - This ability will give the player a lure save root.

Mass Group Buff - This ability will turn your next group buff into an
beneficial area effect spell. Hitting everyone within its radius.

Dragon Punch - This ability will give the player the ability to proc a
knockback spell off of Dragon Punch.

Extended Notes - This ability will give the song increased ranged of 10, 15,
and 25 percent.

Spell Casting Fury 2 - This ability gives the player an increased percent
chance to critical with direct damage spells.

Extended Buff - This ability increases the duration of beneficial buffs by
an additional 20 percent.

Bandage Wound - This ability will give the player increased healing
capabilities through bandage by 10, 25, and 50 percent.

Warcry - This ability will allow the player to give their entire group
immunity to fear for a period of time based on skill level.

Area Taunt - This ability will allow for the player to taunt everything in a
small radius.

Rampage - This ability will allow for the player to attack everything in a
small radius.

Flurry - This ability will allow for the player to have up to 2 additional
attacks off of their primary hand.

Purge Poison - This ability will remove all poison affects from the player.

Quick Throw - This ability will allow the player to have additional throwing
attacks on one throw.

Throwing Mastery - This ability will give an increased chance to critical by
5, 15, and 30 percent.

Double Riposte - This ability will give the player an increase chance to
execute a double riposte 10, 20, and 30 percent of the time.

Poison Mastery - This ability reduces the chance of failing on an poison
combinations by 10, 25, and 50 percent. Once one point is applied to this
ability, the player will no longer fail in poison application.

This ability will remove the player from all hate lists. If the player is
out of immediate combat, this ability will also make them invisible similar
to their hide ability.

Return K- This ability gives the player the chance to do a flying kick
attack on ripostes in addition to the normal riposte attack.

Rapic Feign - This ability reduces the players reuses time on feign death by
10, 25, and 50 percent.

Chain Combo - This ability gives the player a chance to string a number of
special attacks together.

Purify Body - This ability removes all negative affects from their body
except for fear, charm, resurrection affects.

Critical Mend - This ability gives the player a chance to do a super mend 5,
10, and 25 percent of the time.

Sonic Call - This gives the players song the ability to do direct damage
with a stun component.

Snake Charm - This ability gives the player the chance to charm an NPC as
long as they have mana. The spell will follow normal level 49 charm rules.

Jam Fest - Allows the player to sing their songs at a higher casting level.
Note: This does not allow them tosing songs that are higher then their
level.

Instrument Mastery - This ability allows for specialization and improved use
of all instrument types.
Brass Instrument Mastery
Wind Instrument Mastery
Percussion Instrument Mastery

Enhanced Vampirism - This ability gives the player increased damage off of
their self buff lifetap procs.

Death Peace - This ability moves the spell Death Peace to a hotkey freeing a
spell slot.

Leech Touch - This ability gives the player a life tap harm touch.

Super Harm Touch - This ability gives the player a low resist Harm Touch.

Unholy Steed - This ability will give the player the ultimate unholy steed.

Endless Quiver - This ability allows the player to shoot magical arrows that
scale in damage based on skill level.

Fletching/Bowyer Mastery - This ability reduces the chance of failing on an
fletching combinations by 10, 25, and 50 percent.

Archery Mastery - This ability gives the player to increase their archery
damage from 100 to 200 percent.

Dual Mastery - This ability increases the players chance to use dual wield
successfully.

Innate Camouflage - This ability allows the player to become invisible
without the need to memorize a spell.

2 Hand Bash - This ability will allow the player to bash with any 2-handed
weapon.

Fearless - This ability makes the player permanently immune to fear spells.

Holy Steed - This ability will give the player the ultimate holy steed.

Act of Valor - This ability will allow the player to transfer all of their
hitpoints to a target PC.

Slay Undead - This ability will turn the players crits into massive damage
when fighting undead monsters.

Improved Lay of Hands - This ability will turn the players Lay of Hands into
a complete heal.

Pally Stun - This ability will allow the player to have the chance to stun
NPC's with spells up to level 60. Normal resist rules apply.

Call to Corpse - Allows the player to cast a no component summon corpse
spell.

Flesh to Bone - Allows the player to turn any non-magical meat or body part
item into bone chips. You must hold the item on your cursor.

Mass Fear - Allows the player to cast an AE low resist fear spell.

Dead Mesmerization - This ability allows the player to cast an AE low resist
undead mesmerization spell.

Life Burn - This ability allows the player to cast a low resist direct
damage spell equal to that of thier current hitpoints. The player will be
set to 1 hitpoint and their will be a mana cost to the spell. The life tap
component of the spell will happen over time.

Free Pet - This ability removes the component cost of summoning pets.

Unsummon NPC - This ability will allow the player to unsummon or banish all
summoned NPC's in a radius.

Improved Reclaim Energy - This ability will increase the amount of mana
returned to the player when reclaiming their pet.

Air Elemental Form
Earth Elemental Form
Water Elemental Form
Fire Elemental Form

Elemental Form Fire - This ability will allow the player to turn into this
elemental type gaining many of the benefits innate to the NPC.

Frenzied Burnout - This ability allows the player to cast a buff on his pet
that will cause it to go bezerk doing increased damage. When the effectwears
off the pet will explode damaging everything around it.

Quick Summoning - This ability reduces the casting time of summoning spells
by 10, 25, and 50 percent.

Pet Lay of Hands - This ability allows the player to cast a Lay of Hands
type spell on thier pet.

Gather Mana - This ability allows the player to recover all their mana.

Jewel Craft Mastery - This ability reduces the chance of failing on an jewel
craft combinations by 10, 25, and 50 percent.

Permanent Illusion - This ability allows for the caster to zone without
losing thier illusion.

Nexus Gate - This ability gives the player an instant cast evacuate spell to
the Nexus.

Improved Familiar - This ability gives the players familiar increases hit
points and defensive capabilties.

Mana Burn - This ability allows the player to do low resist damage equal to
that of his current mana.

Rabid Bear - This ability turns the player into a Rabid Bear, boosting all
his offense capabilities.

Alchemy Mastery - This ability reduces the chance of failing on an alchemy
combinations by 10, 25, and 50 percent.

Quick Buff - This ability reduces the casting time of beneficial spells with
a duration by 10, 25 and 50 percent. Some spells may be excluded.

Cannabalize IV - This ability will give the caster a new canabalize spell.

Dire Charm - This ability gives the caster the chance to permanantly charm
an NPC. The spell will follow normal level 49 charm rules.

Enhanced Root - This ability reduces the chance that the NPC will break root
against direct damage spells cast by the player with this ability.

Quick Direct Damage - This ability reduces the casting time on direct damage
spells by 2, 5 and 10 percent.

Exodus - This ability gives the caster the ability to cast an instant
casting no mana cost evacuation or succor spell.

Quick Evacuation - This ability reduces the casting time on evacuation and
succor spells by 10, 25, and 50 percent.

Purify Soul - This ability allows the player to cast a spell that cures all
ailments except for charm, fear and resurrection affects.

Turn Undead - This ability gives a player a AE spell against undead that
starts out just doing damage and finishes with banishment.

Bestow Divine Aura - This ability gives the player the ability to cast a
Divine Aura spell on a PC target.

Celestial Regeneration - This ability gives the player the ability to cast
large heal over time spell at no mana cost.

Innate Invis to Undead - This ability allows the player to become invisible
versus undead without the need to memorize a spell.

Divine Resurrection - This ability allows the player to provide a
resurrection that provides 100 percent experience return.

Avoidance Boost - This ability increases the players avoidance abilty to
melee damage by 2, 5 and 10 percent.

Mitigation Boost - This ability increases the players mitigation ability to
melee damage by 2, 5, and 10 percent.

Finishing Blow - This ability gives the person a chance to finish a fleeing
mob off. The NPC must be below 10 percent health and fleeing. Note:
Non-warriors must first place 1 skill point into Critical Boost before this
skill will work.

Fear Resistance - This ability gives a bonus resistance to fear type spells
of 5, 10, and 25 percent. It also increases the chance of breaking fear.

Critical Boost - This ability increases the chance to land a critical hit.
Percentages are dependant on class.

Improved Natural Durability - This ability increases the max hitpoints of
the player by 2, 5, and 10 percent.

Spell Casting Deftness - This ability reduces the casting time of beneficial
spells with a cast time greater then 4 seconds. Percentages are approx. 5,
15, and 25 percent.

Spell Casting Expertise - This ability removes the possibility for the
caster to fizzle a spell. First level removes chance of fizzle on spell
below 20, second level below 35, and third level below 52.

Spell Casting Subtlety - This ability reduces the amount of hate generated
by a spell by 5, 10, and 20 percent.

Channeling Focus - This ability increases max channeling to reduct the
chance of being interrupted. Percentages are approx. 5, 10, and 15 percent
reduction in being interrupted.

Spell Casting Fury - This ability gives the caster a chance to land a
critical hit with their direct damage spell. Percentages are 2, 4, and 7
percent increase chance to critical.

Mental Clarity - This ability increases natural mana regeneration by 1 point
per skill level.

Spell Casting Reinforcement - This ability increases the duration of
beneficial spells by 5, 15, and 30 percent.

Spell Casting Mastery - This ability gives an increased chance of making
your specialization skill of that spell casting ability. This works for all
spell casting types. The result is a less chance to fizzle and greater
chance of reduction of mana cost for the spell. Percentages are 5, 15, and
30 percent chance of reduction.

Healing Gift - This ability gives the priest a chance to cast a critical
heal by 3, 6, and 9 percent. This will double the healing value of the spell

Healing Adept - This ability increases the max value of healing spells by 2,
5, and 10 percent.

First Aid - This ability increases that max that you can bind wound by 10
percent for each skill level.

Improved Natural Lung Capacity - This ability increases the amount of air
you have by 10, 25, and 50 percent.

Improved Natural Metabolism - This ability decreases your food consumption
by 10, 25 and 50 percent.

Improved Natural Regeneration - This ability raises your regeneration
ability by 1 point per skill level.

Improved Natural Run Speed - This ability will slightly modify your base run
speed. This modification does NOT stack with movement rate spell effects.

Improved Natural Disease Protection - This ability raises your base Save Vs
Disease by 2 points for each skill level.

Improved Natural Poison Protection - This ability raises your base Save Vs
Poison by 2 points for each skill level.

Improved Natural Magic Protection - This ability raises your base Save Vs
Magic by 2 points for each skill level.

Improved Natural Cold Protection - This ability raises your base Save Vs
Cold by 2 points for each skill level.

Improved Natural Fire Protection - This ability raises your base Save Vs
Fire by 2 points for each skill level.

Improved Natural Charisma - This ability raises your base Charisma by 2
points for each skill level.

Improved Natural Wisdom - This ability raises your base Wisdom by 2 points
for each skill level.

Improved Natural Intelligence - This ability raises your base Intelligence
by 2 points for each skill level.

Improved Natural Dexterity - This ability raises your base Dexterity by 2
points for each skill level.

Improved Natural Agility - This ability raises your base Agility by 2 points
for each skill level.

Improved Natural Stamina - This ability raises your base Stamina by 2 points
for each skill level.

Improved Natural Strength - This ability raises your base Strength by 2
points for each skill level.





