From -561987754807279504
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f52e4225bd71c044
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Thread: 1047ab,f52e4225bd71c044
X-Google-Attributes: gid1047ab,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-02 03:48:51 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newsfeed.news2me.com!newsfeed-west.nntpserver.com!hub1.meganetnews.com!nntpserver.com!telocity-west!DIRECTV!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Subject: Re: Questions from a pair of new adventurers
Date: Mon, 02 Dec 2002 06:48:48 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3DEB48A0.4AAB7593@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.79 [en] (Windows NT 5.0; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <uumadi4tj6ur60@news.supernews.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 61
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:249681 rec.games.computer.everquest:5065

Winterfury wrote:

> 1) will my combat skills increase at the same rate fighting light blues as
> they would fighting dark blues or whites? I would prefer to fight the light
> blues to sharpen the skills without gaining on my wife.

Sadly, no. While skillups *can* and do happen on light blues, they have
been shown to be rare in the extreme compared to skillups against full
blue mobs. It will probably happen on occasion, but not much. As to not
gaining on your wife, if all you're going to do is see the countryside
and do some non-xp quests, then you're fine. But if you're hunting
anything that gives any xp, you'll eventually pull ahead. Don't worry
about this too much, though. So long as she plays a reasonable amount,
she will catch up. It's because each progressive level requires so much
more xp than the previous one. If you get ten levels ahead of her and
then group up, (assuming you are in the range to still be able to group,
i.e. no more than 1.5 times her level) killing the same mobs, her xp bar
will shoot up far faster than yours and she'll close the gap. Long ago,
when I was playing my warrior, I began partnering with my wife's cleric
continually when I was 36 and she was 25. By the time we were in our
forties we were within one level of each other, and she never solo'd
without me.

> 2) It seems that the first time that I cast a Healing spell it has little to
> no effect on my partner's health bar and I see the improvements take place
> starting with the 2nd casts and beyond. Is this an anomaly of the system, a
> huge coincidence, or have I hit my head too hard on a wooly mammoth tusk?

I don't know you well enough to rule out the mammoth tusk theory, but
I've never heard of any bug causing that effect on shammy heals. Are you
perhaps casting right at the beginning of the fight before she's had a
chance to get beat down too much? If your heal can do 300 HP and she's
only down 150 so far, the spell won't do as much. Other than that, if it
persists, you may be bugged and might want to report it.

> 3) I have strange and powerful majicks that require replenishment in the
> form of "meditation". I note that health and mana seem to regenerate faster
> when I sit, whether meditating or not. Does pulling up the spell book while
> sitting increase the mana regeneration or does the effect of simply sitting
> accomplish the same thing?

Standing up you will only regain mana at a rate of (I believe... been a
long time since I read up on it) one point per tick. (i.e. six seconds).
Sitting, that rate goes up and continues to improve as your meditate
skill increases. You no longer need to open your spell book for this.
Just sitting is fine. (You *did* put a point into meditate at the
trainer after you got the ability, right?)
 
> 4) As an enterprising new Shaman, I hope to seek out the trade of my people:
> Alchemy. Will the potions that I am able to create exceed, match or fall
> short of the spells that I and others can cast? 

Sadly, most of alchemy is a waste of time. (Or at least it was until
PoP. Don't know if they've added much to it since then.) The only
potions you can reliably sell to lower level players are SoW potions.
Those are extremely useful for lower level folk who can't get jboots.
You can usually sell a ten dose bottle for around 100 PP and make a
small profit on it if your skill is high. The effect of the alchemy
potions are pretty much the same as if you cast the spell on them.
-- 
"Would you care for a sammich?"


