From -7790272406779128173
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1e86ede98568e3b2
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-05-14 13:21:16 PST
Path: archiver1.sj.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!nntp.abs.net!uunet!dca.uu.net!news.laserlink.net!netnews.broadviewnet.net!not-for-mail
From: "NECP" <necp@spam.newenglandcomics.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Bad Groups
Date: Mon, 14 May 2001 16:18:36 -0400
Organization: Broadview Networks InterNetNews
Lines: 147
Message-ID: <9dpej5$a6i$1@unix2.broadviewnet.net>
References: <9dp99p$t57$1@news.tamu.edu> <HeWL6.242223$o9.35591989@typhoon.tampabay.rr.com> <qzWL6.187$qK6.68948@news.pacbell.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64-115-11-132.dsl.broadviewnet.net
X-Trace: unix2.broadviewnet.net 989871525 10450 64.115.11.132 (14 May 2001 20:18:45 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: abuse@broadviewnet.net
NNTP-Posting-Date: 14 May 2001 20:18:45 GMT
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Xref: archiver1.sj.google.com alt.games.everquest:74008

I wrote this article about a month ago.  I haven't yet polished it enough to
feel it's done, so this is a draft.  But I figured I'd share it, since this
thread is clearly near and dear to my heart.

-------------------------------------

 As a 29th level Wizard on a NON-PVP server I share in many of the
complaints of wizards everywhere.  But, this is not yet another disgruntled
wizard's rant.  I mention the complaints and hardships of a wizard's life
only to reinforce this one point: Wizard's cannot solo effectively.  Because
of this one particular difficulty in the life and career of the wizard, they
are forced to group anytime they want to advance, or complete another step
in one of the many NO DROP wizard only quests.  Unfortunately the wizard is
not, generally, a welcomed member of the group.  As a result, the wizard is
often forced to accept whatever group he can get into.
 I relate, then, this advice from a wizard's point of view, knowing that it
applies universally, on how to tell that you are in a bad group.  Every
instance mentioned comes from personal experience, and some of them from the
same group.  You might want to consider leaving any group that exhibits any
of the symptoms of being a bad group.  If you are in a group with more than
two of these signs, RUN, do not walk, away. screaming.

1. The Wizard is the tank.
 "Once a wizard battle has been engaged, someone is going to die.  You do
not have the speed to run from a fight." -Tommy Lee Jones in Firebirds
(although he might have been talking about helicopters).  There is nothing
so ineffective as a wizard in melee, no weapon skills to speak of, total
inability to cast because wizards are interrupted by a mouse sneezing, and
only a few more hit points than an enchanter.
 If you are relying on a wizard for a tank, make sure you hit your "/loc"
hot key, because you will be making a corpse run.
 I could expand this to say any intelligence caster is the tank, but
enchanters do have that defensive pet, so the wizard tank is an especially
bad group.

2. The Bard is the puller.
 Bards are the worst pullers known to man or elf.  Unless you are
intentionally pulling trains, leave the bard in back playing the support
role that s/he is best at.  Unfortunately, my experience is that bard
players like to be the puller.  They are always very conscientious about it
too.
 "How's everyone's mana?"
 "OOM"
 "10%"
 "5m"
 "20"
 "oom"
 To which the bard replies, "okay. pulling."
 This is followed by five casters screaming at their monitors and a few
rapidly typed "NOOOOO"s to which the bard replies "incoming %T."  The bard
player also tends to be surprised when none of the OOM casters actually help
him now that he's pulled another train.

3. There is more than one puller.
 Especially when the self-nominated puller (aka psycho-puller) only brings
in MOBs after the group-nominated puller has said "Incoming %T."  Which is
usually the case.  Just as it is usually the case that the tactical leader
of the party explains to psycho-puller for the fifth time that the other
character is the puller, and he should just sit tight.
 "Okay, I understand..."
 "I'm going to pull now." and off he goes again.

4. The ranger is on the enchanter's "/ignore" list.
 Actually this should be expanded to say any member of the group is on any
other member of the group's ignore list, but it was a ranger and enchanter
in the group that this actually happened to me.  In that case, not only did
the enchanter not remove the ranger from his ignore list, but he also would
not help the ranger when asked by other players.

5. The Warrior(s) insist that the Wizard is withholding the healing spells.
 A quote that I will always remember, "stop attacking it with lightening,
and HEAL ME DAMMIT!"
 I politely explained that wizard heal spells were currently bugged to only
work on MOBs. and only in reverse.  Maybe they'll be fixed in the next
patch.
 "Did you file a '/bug'?"
 Sarcasm is lost on so many people.

6. The warrior, shadow knight, and ranger head into the dungeon zone while
the enchanter and wizard are meditating, without saying anything.

7. .or waiting for the "luxury" of even half health.
 Being loyal to any group, you charge in once you realize they've zoned into
the dungeon.  Of course before you finish zoning, the dimwits are zoning
out, so when you arrive, not only are they not in the zone, but the 50 MOB
train that they were running from is sitting on the zone border, waiting for
a serving of tasty wizard snacks.

8. The rogue joins the group and says, "where are we hunting?  can you lead
me there, I've never been in this zone before."  Then he runs off to pull.
 Again, could be any class, in fact I was in a group where 3 members had
never been in the zone before. They were told, very specifically, where to
stand and how the experienced puller would pull, by someone who had been in
the zone for about 5 levels.  "Ok" they all said, and all 3 then ran off to
pull.  That was actually the first time I had ever used gate to escape a
train pulled by a group of which I was a member.  The group only lasted one
pull for some reason.

9. The "Teleport Us Out Of Here, Now" signal is given when you are sitting
on the zone border.
 To make this more universal, I'll say it should be amended to say that the
tactical leader instructs any one member of the party to utilize any
specific ability when it is detrimental, dangerous, and completely
unnecessary.  It's just that usually this is the wizard's ability to
teleport the group out of the dungeon in a pinch.
 After I explained the evacuation sign to the group leader, including the
limitations and dangers of "Spell: Evacuate ???," he gave the sign when the
group got trained immediately upon entering the zone.
 Teleporting out, for those who think it is always a good idea when things
are bad, is an inherently risky thing to do.  "Evacuate" spells have preset
destinations. and they are never the zone next door.  They take time to cast
(9 seconds) during which the wizard must be untouched.  Everyone needs to be
fairly close to the caster.  And (my favorite) there's a chance of leaving
someone behind.  The spell picks this person at random, and there are many
horror stories about it being the caster.
 I hadn't even gotten around the Ogre's ass when the train hit. I backed up
one step and accidentally zoned, a place not exactly requiring the 9 seconds
of cast time for an evacuation.  Yes I suppose, in retrospect, teleporting 5
zones away would have been a good idea. but not if it meant I had to bring
these ya-hoos with me.

10. [wizard only] There's another wizard in the group who wants you to
summon your pet to help the warriors.
 Being the higher level wizard I said, "okay. wizard_02, go help the
warriors, my pet."
 "Where's your pet? I don't see him."
 "Hit [F9]"
 "I still don't see him."
 Sarcasm is lost on so many people.

10. [non wizard]  There's a wizard in the group who won't shut up about how
useless wizards are.
 This is another one of those fits any class, but since I've been talking
about being a wizard in a bad group, I figured I'd take one in the ribs.
 If a player thinks his character is useless. he is usually right.

 For the record, numbers 4, 6, 7, and 9 were all the same group, and I
actually regret my exit from that group.
 Not because I should have stayed, but rather in how I exited.  I made a
polite excuse (lie) about a dear friend who was in need of my rescue service
for a corpse run.  What I should have said was:
 "Screw this!  Call me when you get organized and need a wizard."

 "I'll recommend one."





