From 4608139661340536764
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4b53bb68c8f03813
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-05 18:37:35 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newsfeed.news2me.com!newsfeed-west.nntpserver.com!hub1.meganetnews.com!nntpserver.com!news-west.rr.com!cyclone.austin.rr.com!twister.austin.rr.com.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: dday@houston.rr.com (Dan Day)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: OT:  VOTE VOTE VOTE
Message-ID: <3dc95af6.44266547@news-server.houston.rr.com>
References: <3dc7d53c$1_3@news.iglou.com> <4i8gsug8g6a5ke8et7bmtfel8anmdec6ot@4ax.com> <3DC8467F.F4E8C3E2@dejazzd.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.01/32.397
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 451
Date: Wed, 06 Nov 2002 02:37:34 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.25.13.184
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: twister.austin.rr.com 1036550254 66.25.13.184 (Tue, 05 Nov 2002 20:37:34 CST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 05 Nov 2002 20:37:34 CST
Organization: Road Runner - Texas
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:243606

On Tue, 05 Nov 2002 22:36:26 GMT, Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com> wrote:
>>
>> Is this where you get rid of Bush the Brainless?
>
>We can only dream of that.
>
>Two more years of one of the top 5 most idiotic presidents ever to "lead" the
>country.  6 more if he figures out how to steal the election again, and he's had
>quite some time already to stack the deck.

Sigh.

There are few 100% accurate litmus tests in this world, but
so far I have yet to see a single failure of the one that
says, "anyone who thinks Bush is an idiot is even more
brainless than they think he is."

Disagree with his politics if you wish, but it only makes
you look incredibly foolish when you try to convince yourself
that he's some sort of imbecile despite all evidence to the
contrary.

Other than his verbal fumbles, which are no more an indicator
of intelligence than is dyslexia (and for exactly the same
reasons), Bush has a long track record of being shrewd,
capable, and able to twist his opponents in knots without
breaking a mental sweat.

I wouldn't say he's a rocket scientist, but the man's
clearly far sharper than the average bear, and far more
intelligent than his political opponents would like to admit.

But hey, if childish accusations help you sleep better at
night, may you find some comfort in your delusions.

Lance, you really ought to try thinking for yourself
rather than letting yourself be brainwashed by those
with a political agenda.  An excellent starting point
is Ann Coulter's book, "Slander:  Liberal Lies About
the American Right".  Relevant to the current discussion,
you might want to jump right to chapters 7 ("The Joys
of Arguing with Liberals: "You're Stupid!") and 8
("Clever is as Clever Does: The Liberal Dilemma").

The former documents the monotonous "conservatives
are stupid" mantra in the media, starting with Coolidge
and proceeding without variation until modern day.

The latter documents the media's continued pattern
of proclaiming people on the left as being utterly
brilliant, no matter what the reality might be.

The whole book is both raucously funny, and highly
infuriating.  It inescapably documents the mind-numbing
propaganda which passes for "news" coverage (and
"political debate") in this country.

Highlights [I'm snipping out far more than I'm
including]:

	If liberals were prevented from ever again
	calling Republicans dumb, they would be robbed
	of half their arguments.  To be sure, they
	would still have "racist", "fascist", "homophobe",
	"ugly", and a few other highly nuanced arguments
	in the quiver.  But the loss of "dumb" would
	nearly cripple them.  Like clockwork, every
	consequential Republican to come down the
	pike is instantly, invariably, always, without
	exception called "dumb".

	This is how six-year-olds argue: They call everything
	"stupid."  The left's primary argument is the
	angry reaction of a helpless child deprived of
	the ability to mount logical counterarguments.
	Someday we will turn to the New York Times editorial
	page and find the Newspaper of Record denouncing
	President Bush for being a "penis-head".

Note, Coulter documents her characterizations with almost
a thousand media quotes and 35 pages of footnotes.

	George Bush (43), with degrees from Yale and
	Harvard, is ridiculed for his stupidity by
	Hollywood starlets whose course of study is
	limited to what they've learned from bald sweaty
	little men on casting couches.

[...]

	"Stupid" means one thing: "Threatening to the interests
	of the Democratic Party."  The more conservative the
	Republican, the more vicious and hysterical the attacks
	on his intelligence will be.  Liberals have not only
	run out of arguments, they've run out of adjectives.

[...]

	Shortly after Reagan won the largest electoral landslide
	in history, Gore Vidal quipped, "President Reagan's library
	burned down, both books.  The tragedy was, he had not
	finished coloring the books." [27]  In contradistinction
	to the anti-Reagan bile of college dropout Michael Moore,
	Vidal's remark was at least a joke.  It's just that it's
	always the same joke.

[...]

	Throughout the Reagan years, opposition to any administration
	policy -- any policy at all -- never had to be explained
	beyond calling it dumb.  Since all sophisticated people
	knew Reagan was stupid, the proposition that his policies
	were stupid because he was stupid was, ipso facto, a good
	argument.

[Dozens of examples followed]

	And this is how liberals developed their formidable
	debating skills.

[snip]

	Another Republican who failed to meet the exacting
	IQ standards of the media is George W. Bush.  The image
	of bush as an "air-head" -- as the New York Times
	nonjudgementally put it [62] -- has been lovingly
	nurtured by the media.  During the 2000 presidential
	campaign, the media was issuing daily updates on the
	Bush intelligence issue, which, as usual, had become
	an "issue" solely by virtue of the media's perseverating
	that it was an "issue".

[snip lots of documentation]

	This was in contrast to John McCain, who graduated fifth
	from the bottom of his class at the U.S. Naval
	Academy, [65] but was beloved by liberals and,
	therefore, never had his intellectual curiosity
	questioned. [66]

[...]

	In a campaign profile of George Bush's college years,
	the Times quoted numerous real people -- including
	famed Clinton flack Lanny Davis -- testifying to
	Bush's superior intellect.  Still, the article
	repeatedly insinuated that Bush was an idiot by use
	of the Times's signature unsubstantiated asides. [70]

[...]

	Most preposterously, the New York Times reported --
	as if it were news -- "With his grade and college boards,
	Mr. Bush might not have been admitted [to Yale] if he
	had applied just a few years later." [73]  /"Might not
	have been admitted"?/  What on earth does that mean?
	Bush also "might not have been admitted" if he had
	dropped out of high school and become a Gangsta Rapper.
	It so galls Northeastern liberals that Republican
	George Bush went to an Ivy League school, they can't
	resist publicly fantasizing about an alternative
	universe in which Yale rejects him.

	When not daydreaming about Republicans being rejected
	from Yale, the media spends its time enforcing the
	party line on dumb Republicans with Stalinist zeal.
	The tiniest deviation from liberal Scriptures will be
	ferreted out and the apostate will be held up to
	ridicule by the liberal clergy.  [Long example and
	documentation follow about NYT reporter Frank Bruni
	being excoriated from all quarters for noting in
	an article that Bush was "plenty bright".]

[...]

	The media's fanatical obsession with Bush's minor
	slips of the tongue says nothing about Bush's
	intelligence and everything about how liberals
	demean their political opponents rather than
	argue with them.  Every human being occasionally
	stumbles over words.  Only Republicans have their
	stumbles giddily repeated ad nauseum, analyzed and
	used as epithets, until more Americans can recite
	a simple slip of the tongue by a Republican than can
	place the Civil War in the correct century.  You would
	think the geniuses in the media had never made a
	mistake themselves.

[Long, hilarious list of brain-dead fumbles by members of the
media follows]

	Word stumbles by Democratic politicians are hard to
	come by, inasmuch as they are not recycled endlessly
	in peevish Maureen Dowd columns.  Democrat errors
	are buried, forgotten, ignored, and lied about.
	Sometimes they are even falsely attributed to
	Republicans.

[...]

	If accurately correcting a Democrat makes you an idiot,
	God help any Republican who misplaces a syllable.  In
	the 2000 presidential election, the ABC News website
	carefully cataloged Bush's every word slip in a section
	titled, "The English Patient."  There was no "One Flew
	Over the Cuckoo's Nest" section for Gore's incessant
	lies.

	Shockingly though, Democrats are not infallible either.
	Here are a few Democratic blunders that somehow made
	their way into the public record:

	Bill Clinton:  "This is still the greatest country in
	the world, if we just will steel our wills and
	lose our minds." [102]

	Al Gore:  "A zebra cannot change its spots." [106]

	Al Gore:  "I always had a very vivid and clear sense
	that men and women were entirely and completely
	equal -- if not more so." [109]

	[snip]


	If liberals truly believed verbal fluency was
	determinative of IQ, why did they call Reagan dumb?
	The peculiar liberal obsession with verbal
	facility as a proxy for IQ seemed to recede when
	the "Great Communicator" was president.

[...]

	Liberals are not only incapable of explaining a
	conservative position, they censor conservative
	views from the media.  Instead of arguing substantive
	issues, liberals prefer to drone on and on about the
	larger cosmic meaning of Bush saying "subliminable".
	It's as if they believe allowing an articulate
	statement of the conservative position to
	escape into the world will put a religious hex on them.
	Until you can intelligently articulate the other
	side's position, you are not an adult.  You are a liberal.

[...]

	Obviously, some portion of the population knew it was
	being lied to all along -- and some portion of the
	population knew it was doing the lying.  But there are
	also many people who mechanically adopt any and all
	fashionable platitudes.  They will look you straight in
	the eye, every four years for their entire insipid lives,
	and insist that the Republican du jour is "stupid."
	(Cher on Bush: "He's stupid." [131])

	When America was attacked, even that segment of the
	populace had to pull itself away from Lifetime TV
	for five minutes to watch the president.  And
	suddenly, the media had some 'splaining to do.  The
	Oracle of Delphi was fast losing credibility.  Liberals
	couldnt' just own up and admit they had lied about
	Bush.  So instead, they began promoting an
	"Invasion of the Body Snatchers" theory of Bush's
	performance in wartime.  It seemed like a perfectly
	plausible story to claim war had miraculously
	transformed a dopey, smirking frat boy into...
	SUPER BUSH!  The only alternative was for the media
	to admit they had lied.

[...]

Next chapter, concerning how the media fawns over
the "brilliance" of Democrats:

	In a single new York Times profile, a presidential
	candidate was repeatedly quoted using such expressions
	as "That's no good for sure", and "Isn't she cool?"
	Telling a reporter he wanted to discuss "big think" ideas,
	he stammered, "I can't say this, it's going to sound
	so weird."  That was intellectual colossus Al Gore.
	naturally, this led the New York Times to query:
	"Is Gore too smart to be president?"  Mr. Gore's
	"challenge", the Times explained in that very article,
	is "to show that he is a regular guy despite a
	perceived surplus of gravitas, which at least some
	Americans seem to find intimidating."
	Or as Gore himself eruditely put it, "weird".

	This is one of the grave injustices of the world:
	Democrats can run ridiculous and insubstantial
	men for important national offices and no one
	will ever know because the media won't report it.
	It is as unthinkable to describe a Democrat as stupid
	as it is to describe a Republican as smart.  The
	adversary press will finish a Democrat's sentences
	for him, defend his arguments, provide substantiation
	for his ludicrous claims, and refuse to report his
	mistakes.

[...]

	This has been a fifty-year game of the Emperor's
	New Brain, in which only true intellectuals
	(the media) are capable of discerning a Democrat's
	profound intellect.

[...]

	Other Democrats alleged to have been overburdened
	by their oversize intellects include Jimmy Carter,
	Walter Mondale, Michael Dukakis, and Bill Bradley.
	Also every other Democrat you've ever heard of.

[...]

	Senator Bill Bradley, Democrat of New Jersey,
	was well known to newspaper readers everywhere
	by his unofficial first name, "Cerebral"  [snip
	a dozen quotes of media using the phrase
	"the cerebral Bill Bradley" or "the cerebral Bradley"]
	CNN's William Schneider [16] and the Los Angeles
	Times [17] both reported that Bradley voters, too,
	were "cerebral".

	But then -- whoops! -- it turned out Bradley got
	a 485 on his verbal SATs. [18]  That's "cerebral"
	for a Democrat.  Dumb George Bush got a 566.

[...]

	While we wait, let's consider the media's
	most stunning accomplishment since persuading
	the public that Adlai Stevenson was not a bilious
	blowhard: turning Al Gore into a genius.  Even
	with years of practice, this was quite a feat.
	Among Gore's "big think" ideas was his proposal
	to ban the internal combustion engine.

[...]

	In a 1994 speech, Gore got the country's motto
	backward, saying "E Pluribus Unum -- out of one
	many." [22]  He called Chicago Bulls forward
	Michael Jordan "Michael Jackson."  (This last
	mistake was written up in the Washington Post
	in an article that attributed the error to
	George Bush and was titled, "Bush's Gaffes are
	Back as Debates Near.") [23]  When it was
	Bush's mistake, the misstatement was big news,
	but when it turned out Gore had said it, it
	proved absolutely nothing and was promptly
	forgotten.

[...]

	In case Gore's robust intelligence had somehow
	failed to impress the public, the media issued
	repeated updates on the fact that Gore was
	smart.  Amid vague citations to "voters", the
	New York Times, [27] USA Today, [28], the
	Los Angeles Times, [29] and the National
	Journal, [30] among many many others,
	all proclaimed Gore is "smart".  Gore's subtle
	intellect was vividly captured by journalists
	Maureen Dowd [31] and David Gergen, [32] both
	of whom wrote: "Gore is smart".

	These were, of course, the understated
	descriptions of Gore's intellectual prowess.
	More common was hallucinatory overstatement.
	Newsweek gasped that Gore was "thinking about
	complexity theory, open systems, Goethe and
	the absence of scientific metaphors in
	modern society." [33]

[...]

	Gore's real school records were abominable.
	In high school, Gore received mostly Cs
	and Bs in English and history.  He got all Cs
	in French.  Only in art classes did Gore earn
	straight As. (And he took a lot of art classes.)

[...]

	Having gotten in to Harvard at least in part on
	the basis of his father's prominence, Gore did
	not redeem himself.  In his sophomore year at
	Harvard, Gore got one D, one C-minus, two C-pluses,
	and one B-minus.  This, the Washington Post
	reported, "placed him in the bottom fifth of
	the class for the second year in a row." [37]
	Gore's grades that year "were lower than any
	semester recorded on Bush's transcript from
	Yale."

[...]

	After college, Bush earned an M.B.A. from Harvard;
	Gore failed out of divinity school and dropped
	out of law school at Vanderbilt University.
	Gore failed five of his eight classes in divinity
	school.  Here's a question for modern philosophers:
	How many classes does a Democrat have to fail in
	order not to be called "smart"?

[...]

	Gore once claimed the biblical story of Cain and
	Abel was a parable about the dangers of pollution.
	Not original sin, not murder, not envy: pollution.

[...]

	The easiest path to being recognized as a genius in
	America is to become a completely predictable,
	run-of-the-mill, redistributionist Democrat.
	Then no matter how dumb you are and how many
	ludicrous lies you keep telling, the media will
	only remark on your dazzling brilliance.  Gore
	explained that it wasn't a "fund-raiser", it
	was an "event to raise funds".  He's a modern
	Wittgentstein!

Now that I've dealt with the ridiculous canard about
Bush allegedly been too dim to be able to tie his own
shoes, let's turn to your appalling lie that Bush
tried to "steal the election".

I would *very* strongly suggest that you retract
that disgusting charge immediately, to save me the
trouble of thoroughly documenting how Bush was
a straight arrow during the election debacle, and
it was instead Gore and his cronies who pulled
multiple dirty tricks in order to try to steal
the election after both the count and the lawful
recount has clearly resulted in a Bush win (not to
mention the re-recount, and the re-re-recount, and
the media-led re-re-re-recounts -- even those done
under the skewed, biased rules that Gore's people
were trying to impose).

But hey, if you want to stand by that charge -- which
I consider literally the most outrageous political
lie in American history (along with its alternate
form, "selected not elected"), I'll be happy to
document in excruciating detail just how much a
liar (or a deluded lackey) you're being here.

Your choice.



