From -4644057354287254193
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ba375a7641fa4863,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-25 15:36:41 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <anniebenlen@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tea hits the big time.  Sorta. (Long.  Rambling.).
Date: Thu, 25 Dec 2003 17:36:36 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <3FEB7484.2403354E@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 134
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13289


     Teapray was level 46 when Lenny decided, with her encouragement, to reroll
as a Shadowknight.  It was a good thing for both of us, and when we reach parity
again we will be a stronger duo that we were before.  But also, in a sense, it
was a bit hard on me.  I had been playing the lower end game for over two years
at that point, and I getting excited again with EQ at the prospect of reaching
new content.  In particular, I was looking forward to reaching level 49, and
getting the 90% rez.

    I know that the 75% rez I had wasn't too shabby.  I knew that the 15%
difference wouldn't be too earth shattering.  But still.  When you see people
trying to get a rez, most of them want a 90+ one.  When I offered to cast my 75%
on a dark elf, he told me to keep my paladin magic to myself.  When I told him I
was a cleric, not a paladin, his reply was "Well, you rez like one".  He is a
know roleplayer that hates "lightbringers", so of course I didn't take it
personally, but still it stung just a bit.  There were a few other times when I
felt inadequate because of my level.  I went into Cazic Thule with a bunch of
guildees. Our main tank was paladin, and his group heal was like 500 points to
mine of 105.  All of these are small points, to be sure, but the added up to the
fact that I wanted to at least hit level 49.
 
    I didn't completely quit while Lenny re-leveled.  I worked on trade skills. 
It was nice to actually be able to make Grobbs Liquidisfied Meat, one of those
ooh, ahh things that other people seemed to be able to make, but not me.  I also
had a few other goals I wanted to meet.  I was making pretty good money in the
bazaar selling celestial essences, imbued emeralds, and then the GLM, and I
wanted to do some shopping.  I replaced all of Lenny's Crusty armor, and got
myself in full plate.  I got my earring of the Solstice.  I wanted and got a
necrotic divining device and shrinking device.  I wanted a vanishing device, but
had no luck finding one.  I posted that I was in the market for one on the FV
community boards, and watched the market channel, but no luck.  I bugged
Splendid to take up tinkering and make me one, but he somehow resisted my
suggestions.    I found a gnome in the bazaar, Myron, who was obviously a high
end tinkerer, and sent him a tell asking him that if he happened to see my
message when he woke up, and was able to make a GVD, to please contact me
because he was clearly so good at making wondrous devices.  Later that day, I
saw someone selling one in the market channel for 10k.  Yikes.  That is the
first time I saw one for sale, and seen a price associated with it.  I only had
about 2 k at the time, but I knew I would be able to raise that sort of cash,
given a little time.  But I wouldn't be getting it anytime soon.  The next day,
however, Myron sent me a tell.  Since I had asked him so nicely, he would be
happy to sell me one at cost, 1000 plat.  Would that be fair?  My jaw dropped. 
I told him that it was hardly fair, at least let me throw in an extra 500 plat
to you know, just because!  He told me he was wealthy, and it really didn't
matter to him, he had gotten lucky in the bazaar himself with the components. 
Feeling guilty, I paid him the 1k and got the GVD and 3 batteries from him.  He
wouldn't even accept any money for the batteries.  Needless to say, he is now on
my "Free temp and rezzes for life" list.

    All this was very nice, but it wasn't what I really really wanted to do...
level to at least 49.  I told Lenny that I was sorry, but I couldn't just tread
water any more.  He had to set his goal to 49, because that is where I was
headed.

    Which meant that at least at first, I would have group without him.  And
that made me nervous.  We work well together.  If I mess up with him, well, I
feed him, so he has to forgive me. Feeling more than a bit odd, I put up my LFG
flag for the first time since Teapray was born.  I went to get a glass of soda,
and when I came back I saw I had gotten 3 tells from different people.  I
decided to join the one in the Plane of Justice.  I was by far the youngest of
my group, and was very nervous.  But I kept my cool, used my Heal over Time
spells and assist keys to keep track of who had agro, and made no big mistakes. 
The group did wipe at one point due to an overpull, but there was nothing I
could have done to prevent that, and everyone knew it the second we saw what was
headed at us.  

    I joined a few groups after that.  I wasn't too sure of how others would see
me as a cleric.  After all, I was used to duoing with my husband, playing in the
same room with me.  Our communication is done verbally, not by typing.  And we
are used to each other styles.  But it turns out that the consensus seems to be
that at least I am not a disaterously bad cleric, and some seemed to thing that
I was very very good at it.  I wasn't leveling fast, by any means, but I was
leveling.  

   Last night, I ran Lenny to Dulak.  It was place I had always wanted to hunt,
but without the ability to invis easily, I hadn't braved it.  But with my new
GVD, I could scout ahead, and found that it might really be worth our time.  We
got there, and found a coupld of people Lenny knew there.  At this point Lenny
and I could group together, so we all got together.  At 48 I was the highest
level, and we were all doing well.  Then two members of our group left, leaving
me and Lenny, with another Shadowknight about Lenny's age.  We were on a dock
near a boat, with Lenny pulling from the ship.  And it was still going well.  I
was getting very very close to dinging 49, and I was excited.

   "Ok guys, about to ding.  Need maybe three more.  Don't mess up!"  They both
laughed.  Lenny pulled.  As he ran down the gangway, another spawned.  Ok, two. 
We could do two.  Um... why is my KEI icon blinking?  Damn!  For the first time
that night, I was worried about mana.  But we were stilling doing it.  I got the
attention of one, lead it away, and rooted it away from the tanks.  They were
beating that one down, and getting a bit low on health.  I couldn't keep them
topped off, because root keep breaking on the other one, and it was beating me
down and taking my time to re-root it.  And then another one from the dock
spawned, almost on top of the SKs.  And I knew that we were going down.  I
yelled for Lenny to feign.  He ignored me, and harm touched the first one.  He
and it died in each other arms.  I yelled for the other SK to feign, Feign,
FEIGN.  Turns out he didn't have it memmed.  /gasp!

    He was doomed, and we both knew it.  And when he died, I would too... I was
much to far to make to the zone, and besides, I didn't have DA memmed.  I know,
/gasp!  I made a hard choice.  It would be hard to make it back with my GVD on
my body, trivial for me to come back with it.  For the first time since Teapray
was born, I gated out of a battle, with the other SK at 13%.  

   And when I landed in the PoK, I realized that I was level 49.  I had only
needed 1 mob to ding, and Lenny's Harmtouch was the one that brought it down.  I
was elated!  And ashamed that I had gated out.  But now I could rez at 90%! 
After I bought the spell.  I grabbed a fresh KEI, ran to the gnome's cleric
guild, and got my rez spell, then grabbed a SoW and ran back to Dulak.  Both
SK's had made it back to Dulak at that time, and dragged their bodies to the
zone.  With mixed feelings, I cast my first couple of 90% rezes.

    Neither was mad at me.  And on the way back, the other SK picked up some
more party members.  Lenny soon went to bed, but I stayed long enough to get 4
blues worth of insurance experience.  This new group commented several times on
what a great job I was doing.  Overall, given my prior performance, I don't know
that I did.  But still, I still felt good about it!

    Now.  No more leveling for me till Lenny hits 49 as well!

--
Annie

To join the alt.games.everquest chat channel type /join serverwide.age:age 
If you want to stayed joined, then after that type /autojoin serverwide.age:age

Currently playing:
Teapray-- 49 High Elf Cleric on Firiona Vie

Teamort-- 16 Dark Elf Necromancer of Lanys T'vyl

Lentea-- 33 Ogre Beastlord On Firiona Vie

--
If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


