From -7509232601739852079
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6dc5956df8d0e408,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-07-18 10:20:40 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F182C2A.3EF7FE2B@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Gnewbie quests
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 106
Date: Fri, 18 Jul 2003 17:25:11 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.233.109
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1058549111 66.109.233.109 (Fri, 18 Jul 2003 13:25:11 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 18 Jul 2003 13:25:11 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:293498

Allakhazam lists the gnome caster newbie quests as level 5-65.
SO, having hit level 5 I decided to go for it, tired of seeing
all the newbie drops in GFay and CB that are for long ears
instead of people with sensible noses.

Armed with a good list of all the crap I need to complete the
whole series, plus hand scribbled notes as to how much of what
gets each piece, I start in killing kobolds.

Kobolds are astonishingly easy, indifferent to me with no faction
hit, they come single even when I pull one thats right next to
another, even when I deliberately pull one so he paths over top
of his buddy.  Of course it takes me a while to figure this out,
so at first I'm very careful and very clever and feel really
great about my 7334 pulling skillz.  Anyway, they are all dark
blue and killable, although some the pet can handle with just one
"get the exp" minimal nuke from me and some need me to pour out
substantial mana chain nuking with my "good" nuke.

More surprisingly, they drop their scalps by the bushel, about
50% of the time they drop one.  The run thru I saw said a guy
went over 400 kobolds for the 21 scalps you need.

They also drop plenty of Fur, especially since I only need one.
Turns out they sell to vendors for 8gp each though, so a money
maker.

Small Coyotes drop their skulls, takes a dozen or so to get two
but no hardship.  No joy on the Mountain Lion pelt I need, the
mobs that drop it are fairly uncommon and killing around 10 gets
me no drop.  I buy Plague Rat Tails off a vendor (wow expensive,
25 gp each, eating up my kobold fur profits), same for Harpy
Wings, Minotaur Scalps, and a Russet Oxide.

I go to Felwithe  and buy cloth armor (grumbling about how I sold
this stuff to Kelethin vendors when it dropped off the skeletons
I was killing there) except for sandals, can't find them in
medium size at all.  Eventually end up going to Qeynos for the
things, since he's the only cobbler I can recall the location of
(a half hour wandering Kelethin looking for a vendor I -think- is
there first...) and while there run out to QH where sure enough I
find a giant rat pelt and a giant rat ear on mr. Sayers.

Then I start combines.  Make boots easy, and sleeves, then I
screw up on the bracers; see I make one bracer pattern, then I
make a second without looking at the first only to find that the
pattern is Lore!  So the ingrediants vanish and I get nothing.
Make the bracer, do a bunch of running around to replace the lost
parts (another 25pp for a third tail!) and make pattern and then
bracer again.

Now for the hassle part.  Runaway Clockwork Motor.  I killed
easily 50 of these guys while slaughtering other stuff in the
area and nothing but junk on them.  And I was getting a TLC
message for the green ones, as I leveled up they all turned
green.  Finally my friend logged on with her still-only-level-4
shaman, I got her to come to Steamfont and help out.  She was
barely able to kill a runaway clockwork solo, some of them she
couldnt' get at all solo... and I helped out to rescue her.  No
TLC message.  And she was looting stuff off them I handn't seen
in 50 kills.  We played around some, turns out that grouped I
could help kill but had to be careful not to outdamage her.
Oddly, my pet seemed to count as a seperate entity for this
purpose, to outdamage her I had to nuke heavily.  After about 10
kills we got my motor, she spotted it but left it for me to loot
(old habits die hard, it wasn't no drop...)

Of course the "krag chick beak" that I'd bought in Kaladim wasn't
useful for the "aviak beak" I need, so the motor can't be used
yet.

I'm still missing several items: Aviak Beak, Mountain Lion Pelt,
Brownie Leg, Brownie Brain, Diseased Bone Marrow, Faeronoliop's
Staff, and the books from the evil gnomes. None of these (maybe
the mountain lion pelt) seem to be in any danger of going trivial
to me, but I'll have to look sharp.

With only one character per account, I can see how the TLC is
going to be crippling in terms of the ability to do some quests,
particularly less popular ones like Gnome Gnewbie ones where
there's no real market for them so there are no low levels
farming parts to sell in bazaar.   I'd love some details on
exactly how it works, I was surprised to see I could get the
"this was trivial for your party" messages to stop by grouping
with a lowbie and letting her do most of the killing; I bet I
still don't know exactly what can and can't be done to still be
able to loot, and what items the TLC actually effects.

Dinged all the way up to seven mostly on kobolds, going to go
push for 8 now so I can DS my friend to PL her and to help her
farm TLC protected stuff easier

Oh, I'm wearing a small cloth shirt till I can get that newbie
robe finished, so as to show off my arms and bracers (and cause
its 2 more AC than the issue gold robe).  And someone mentioned
buying rusty two handed swords... do you know that not only are
they worse than rusty halberds for that purpose, they are also
more expensive?  As in 1pp 8gp for one, while I can buy rusty
halberds for 4 gp?  I guess the ratio on the 2 hander is better,
but ratio means nothing to a pet, only the Damage rating counts.
I bought a rusty two hander without even looking at the price,
and my jaw Dropped (some iksar shaman can use it for their cudgel
quest)

Splendid, 7 Gnome Mage, Morel Thule



