From 7904013048753106236
X-Google-Thread: fb739,14f3977490de3312,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!newsfeed2.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!wn14feed!worldnet.att.net!207.115.63.142!newscon02.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.net!newsmst01a.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr14.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!1ea37715!not-for-mail
From: Rhogar <nospam@nospam.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Original EQ Had IMMERSION
Message-ID: <MPG.1c62b4aef74b23cf989689@news.sf.sbcglobal.net>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-15"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
User-Agent: MicroPlanet-Gravity/2.70.2067
Lines: 90
NNTP-Posting-Host: 69.225.16.125
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr14.news.prodigy.com 1106842835 ST000 69.225.16.125 (Thu, 27 Jan 2005 11:20:35 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 27 Jan 2005 11:20:35 EST
Organization: SBC http://yahoo.sbc.com
X-UserInfo1: FKPGGXSGCBSYRWHXNCOF_W\@PJ_^PBQLGPQRJVMHQAVTUZ]CLNTCPFK[WDXDHV[K^FCGJCJLPF_D_NCC@FUG^Q\DINVAXSLIFXYJSSCCALP@PB@\OS@BITWAH\CQZKJMMD^SJA^NXA\GVLSRBD^M_NW_F[YLVTWIGAXAQBOATKBBQRXECDFDMQ\DZFUE@\JM
Date: Thu, 27 Jan 2005 16:20:35 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:30376

The level of IMMERSION within EQ1 has been dropping sharply:

* Levels 1-10 zip by too fast now, as though the developers think they 
are worthless.  No wonder they now place next to zero emphesis on the 
starting cities.

* They made one big city, PoK, that everybody goes to so now the culture 
of the individual cities -- EQ1's biggest charm -- has become virtually 
worthless.  No characters truly start as warriors of Halas or paladins 
of Felwithe anymore -- they have been streamlined to start as slaves in 
their starting zone.  Players no longer identify themselves as "yes, I 
started in my noble city of Kaladim", instead it is:  "I started like 
you in the same place, doing the same thing, and a slave at that." (that 
is the net effect of their new slave revolt tutorial).  IMMERSION was 
taken away right there.

* Insta-travel abounds so the world has shrunk to nothingness.  If 
everything can be reached within minutes then nothing is worth reaching

* trolls lost Grobb and get shafted in everything.  Trolls no longer 
have anything and are regarded as nothings rather than dangerous 
dwellers of Grobb.  Remove all racial  xp penalties (and bonuses!)

* Nights are now bright enough so even night-blind people do not need a 
light source.  It was great back when, as a night-blind Erudite I had a 
moonlit night and was greatful things were just a touch brighter; other 
nights I would sometimes run inside Blackburrow because there was more 
light and things were too dark outside in Qeynos Hills.  Things were 
immersive then.  Often you would see night-blind races running around 
with smoking torches, or a torch coming at you through the darkness.  
Whoa, that was cool.

* They might as well go the EQ2 route and remove the charming cultural 
cities and make the characters originate within their new tutorial zone 
and have no option whatsoever of starting life within their own native 
newbie zones.

* newbie life was better back when you had to go find where your 
guildmaster was (hey, that was a quest in itself), and strive hard to 
save up for your first large bag.  Now they give away backpacks to the 
idiot newbies.

* instanced dungeons mean you cannot just walk by and see people 
fighting in the EQ world.  That in itself was a pleasure.  You could 
walk by, see them fighting, chat, give advice, perhaps buff them a bit.

Some true improvements have been made for EQ1, but most of the changes 
have ruined the EQ experience for me.  They have grown this game so 
"horizontally" and spread the populations out over so many zones that 
rarely do I see many people grouping anymore.  They should of grown the 
game more "vertically", adding the new zones to the original 3 
continents.  They could of fleshed out the continent of Odus by adding a 
few more zones there and arranging them so more traffic goes through 
Erudin & Paineel, to bring more life to those areas.  Or they could add 
high-level dungeons to Faydwer to bring more people there so the old 
charm of that place continued as a meeting place for the inhabitants of 
that continent.

Much of the charm of the original EQ is gone.  The developers will never 
fathom the "charm" or "immersion" element.  It was actually comforting 
to walk through East Commons and here the people trying to get a good 
bargain on something; the bazaar not only took away that charm but 
multiplied the twinking problem times a hundred-fold.  The original 
developers would work legally to stop EQ items from being eBayed, but 
the current developers let IGE sell platinum by the boatload.

Whatever good elements exist within EQ2 (there aren't many) could of 
been worked into EQ1, but what is going to harm EQ1 AND EQ2 the most is 
there being two versions of the same EQ.  And why fight for Norrath in 
EQ1 when you know everything is doomed to destruction inevitably anyhow?  
Why fight for the glory of Halas when it later is destroyed in the 
timeline in EQ2?  Why enjoy the pleasures of Rivervale when it is 
doomed?

EQ1 in its infancy was more about role-play and IMMERSION, and it 
incorporated it well from the very beginning.  Roaming about Qeynos you 
would see maybe a few barbarians, some humans, and some Erudites, 
because they belonged there.  Any high elves you saw, were looked at 
with surprise because they were great journeyers and had either managed 
to hassle with a wizard (hmm, even those teleports should be removed) or 
had traveled the dangerous path through the countryside.  That path 
between Freeport and Qeynos was made dangerous to low-level people FOR A 
REASON, it added to immersion.

The slow boat rides were FOR IMMERSION; you felt it was real.  The long 
treks were for IMMERSION.  The dark was for IMMERSION.  Starting towns 
were for IMMERSION.  Initial poverty was for IMMERSION.  Struggling to 
buy your next meal was IMMERSION.

That immersion is forever gone.


