From 8779337713803360654
X-Google-Thread: fb739,951a3d690d13cf4f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!wns13feed!worldnet.att.net!63.223.4.70!c01.usenetserver.com!news.usenetserver.com!fe39.usenetserver.com.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "John Meyer" <meyer_j@allthis.net>
Subject: 17* Almost FREE MONEY !! 17*
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Sender: John Meyer <meyer_j@allthis.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-Library: Indy 9.00.10
Lines: 190
Message-ID: <lb2Qc.8494$a%1.3559@fe39.usenetserver.com>
X-Complaints-To: abuse@usenetserver.com
X-Abuse-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 04 Aug 2004 05:41:37 EDT
Date: Wed, 4 Aug 2004 01:43:11 -0400
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:12260

MAKE MONEY!!!

MAKE THOUSANDS!!!

I found this on a bulletin board and decided to try it: I don't care about
the useless pre-fabricated crap this message usually says. All I say is, it
works. Continue pre-fab crap.

WELL GUESS WHAT!!!

Within seven days, I started getting money in the mail!! I
was shocked!! I figured it would end soon, but the money just kept
coming in. In my first week, I made about $25.00. By the end of the second
week I had made a total of more than $1000.00!!

Let me tell you how this works and most important, why it works..........
also make sure you print this out NOW, so you can get the information off
of it, as you will need it. I promise you that if you follow the directions
exactly that you will start making more money than you thought possible by
doing something
so easy!!

Suggestion: Read this entire message carefully!! (Print it out or download
it)

Follow the simple directions and watch the money come in!! It's easy.
It's legal. And, your investment is only $6.00 (Plus postage) !!!

You can use any currancy as people can always change it..

IMPORTANT:

This is not a rip-off, it is decent; it's legal; and it is virtually no
risk - it really works!! If all the following instructions are adhered to,
you will receive extraordinary dividends.

PLEASE NOTE:

Please follow the directions EXACTLY, and $50,000 or more can be yours
in 20 to 60 days. This program remains successful because of the honesty
and integrity of the participants. Please continue its success by carefully
adhering to the instructions. You will now become apart of the Mail Order
business.
You are in the business of developing Mailing Lists. Many large corporations
are happy to pay big bucks for quality lists. However, the money made from
the
mailing lists is secondary to income which is made from people like you
and me asking to be included in that list. Here are the four easy steps to
success.

STEP ONE:

Get six separate pieces of paper and write the following on
each piece of paper "PLEASE PUT ME ON YOUR MAILING LIST."
Now get 6 U.S. $1.00 bills and place ONE inside of EACH of the six pieces
of paper so the bill will not be seen through the envelope (to prevent
thievery). Next, place one paper in each of the six envelopes and seal them.
You now should have six sealed envelopes, each with a piece of paper stating
the above phrase, your name and address, and a $1.00 bill. What you are
doing is creating a service.

THIS IS ABSOLUTELY LEGAL!!!!!

You are requesting a legitimate service and you are paying for it!! Like
most of us I was a little skeptical and little worried about the legal
aspects of it all. So I checked it out with the U.S. Post Office
(1-800-238-5355)
and they confirmed that it is indeed legal!!

Mail the six envelopes to the following addresses:




Matthew Dutton
46 Hayworth St
Point Vernon, Hervey Bay
QLD, 4390
Australia



R. Visser
P.O. Box 274
Nobby Beach
QLD, 4218
Australia



S. Phillips
77 Manly Drive
Robina, QLD 4226
Australia


Chris Pittman
7651 Abigail Glen Dr.
Charlotte, NC 28212
USA


Mike Vango
29 Pebblewood Ave
Scarborough, ON M1V-2A7
Canada



C. Wehler
137 Sara Rd
St. Marys, PA 15857
USA




STEP TWO:Now take the #1 name off the list that you see above, move the
other names up (six becomes 5, 5 becomes 4, and etc.) and add YOUR NAME as
number 6 on the list.

STEP THREE:
Change anything you need to but try to keep this article as close to
original as possible. Now post your amended article to at least 200 news
groups. : (I think there are close to 24,000 groups) All you need is 200,
but
remember, the more you post, the more money you make!! This is perfectly
legal!! If you have any doubts, refer to Title 18 Sec. 1302 & 1341 of the
Postal Lottery laws. Keep a copy of these steps for yourself and whenever
you need money, you can use it again, and again. PLEASE REMEMBER that this
program remains successful because of the honesty and integrity of the
participants and by their carefully adhering to directions. Look at it this
way. If you were of integrity, the program will continue and the money that
so many others have received will come your way.

NOTE: You may want to retain every name and address sent to you,> either on
a computer or hard copy and keep the notes people send you.
This VERIFIES that you are truly providing a service. (Also, it might be
a good idea to wrap the $1 bill in dark paper to reduce the risk of mail
theft). So, as each post is downloaded and the directions carefully
followed, all members will be reimbursed for their participation as a List
Developer with one dollar each. Your name will move up the list
geometrically so that when your name reaches the #1 position you will be
receiving thousands of dollars in CASH!!! What an opportunity for only $6.00
( $1.00 for each of the first six people listed above) Send it now, add your
own name to the list and you're in business!!!


*****DIRECTIONS FOR HOW TO POST TO NEWS GROUPS!!!*****

STEP ONE: You do not need to re-type this entire letter to do your own
posting. Simply put your cursor at the beginning of this letter and drag
your cursor to the bottom of this document, and select 'copy' from the edit
menu. This will copy the entire letter into the computer's memory.

STEP TWO:
Open a blank 'notepad' file and place your cursor at the top
of the blank page. From the 'edit' menu select 'paste'. This will paste a
copy of the letter into the notepad so that you will add your name to the
list.

STEP THREE:
Save your new notepad file as a text file. If you want to do your posting
in different settings, you'll always have this file to go back to.

STEP FOUR:
You can use a program like "postXpert" to post to all the newsgroups at
once. You can find this program at <<http://www.download.com>>.

Use Netscape or Internet Explorer and try searching for various new
groups (on- line forums, message boards, chat sites, discussions.)

STEP FIVE:
Visit message boards and post this article as a new message by
highlighting the text of this letter and selecting paste from the edit menu.
Fill in the subject, this will be the header that everyone sees as they
scroll through the list of postings in a particular group, click the post
message button. You're done.

Congratulations!!!!!!

THAT'S IT!! All you have to do, and It Really works!!!


BEST WISHES ...




ouYj\



