From 4932373401571481757
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,509200e9ef50e7ac,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-02-04 23:05:02 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!in.100proofnews.com!in.100proofnews.com!prodigy.com!newsmst01.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr28.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <4021EC8A.7FC8@ameritech.net>
From: Eric Hawman <ejhawman@ameritech.net>
Reply-To: ejhawman@ameritech.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 3.01C-AIT  (Win95; U)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Adastraea vs. Vox
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 96
NNTP-Posting-Host: 67.37.26.21
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr28.news.prodigy.com 1075964550 ST000 67.37.26.21 (Thu, 05 Feb 2004 02:02:30 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 05 Feb 2004 02:02:30 EST
Organization: SBC http://yahoo.sbc.com
X-UserInfo1: TSUGW\OD]JV]SPLY@BCF_P@@GB^NAGDMJ@GZ_GYO^JWTEPIB_NVUAH_[BL[\IRKIANGGJBFNJF_DOLSCENSY^U@FRFUEXR@KFXYDBPWBCDQJA@X_DCBHXR[C@\EOKCJLED_SZ@RMWYXYWE_P@\\GOIW^@SYFFSWHFIXMADO@^[ADPRPETLBJ]RDGENSKQQZN
Date: Thu, 05 Feb 2004 07:02:30 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17984

The raid was scheduled for noon EST Sunday, February 1. Previous
attempts to raid Vox had stated that all characters levels 40-52 were
welcome. At 41, Adastraea was sort of at the low end of people in
After Hours eligible, and I expected to die at least once. But, this 
was my first guild raid, and a chance at a fulfilling, fun social event.
Something rare in my life right now.
  I logged on at 11, hoping to get in a little xp'ing before the raid. I
do a /who all guild - aww, everybody's already in permafrost. Heck
with it, then; follow the plan. I xp for 40 minutes before heading to 
Permafrost to see how we did.
  In fact, they've only just cleared the ice giants. There are also
quite
a few non-guildies in the raid; it's an open one. The Goblin King and 
his Elite Guards have repopped, and I have to get them off my back, 
but to a wizard of Ada's caliber they're no tougher than your average
Sarnak berzerker. I get a Symbol of Loyalty to Vox off the King (not
exactly good stats by today's standards) and I try to get noticed by 
the raid. I fail. They take off for the dragon's lair, and I tag along,
hoping
to watch from a safe distance.
  Things go south quickly. The raid attacks without disipline; Vox eats 
them up. I get feared, run into Vox' attack range, and killed. /sigh
  I'm bound in OT; my return path involves gating to Greater Faydark, 
running to the Butcherblock Wayfarer's camp, getting the magus there 
to port me to everfrost, and running back through Permafrost. When I 
get to the ice giants, Vox is there, chasing the remnants of the raid. I
die again. 
  I run back again, this time deciding to stay at the zone in until
things 
calm down. Vox is RIGHT THERE, having chased everyone out. Death 
number three.
  This time, when I get back to the zone line in Everfrost, I come to my 
senses and bind myself there. I wait there, as the non-guildies abandon 
the raid, and the on-time ones show up. Finally, I get noticed and
invited,
though we are in CR mode at this point. I give several people consent
to drag my corpses, and I eventually get rezzed all three times.
  We get reorganized. Buffs given out liberally. Everyone meds up. Some 
of us voice doubts, which I share, about taking on the dragon with only
13 people level 52 or under. I am somewhat soothed, however, by the fact
that we have four clerics, twice as many as we had in Rabotev's failed
Naggy raid. We may have a chance.
  This time we follow the plan. The main tank goes in and engages Vox 
for twenty seconds to build aggro. Then he gives the signal for everyone 
else to storm in. We casters get on the dragon's tail and try to land 
our nukes. Mine are all resisted, and I am soon feared again. I decide
to 
hang out on the edge of the room until Vox gets down to single digits.
Not good enough: I get back on the tail, start casting - and get killed 
by a rampage.
  No sooner do I come back up at my bind point at the zone line on EF
than the raid channel is announcing we won. Ding dong, the dragon is 
dead. I have to wonder if I get a DKP for it when I was dead at the time
the target went down.
  I rush back in, go invis, and run to the dragon's chamber. Invis drops 
inconveniently early and I end up with a goblin on my tail. I ignore it
and rush to the lair, hoping someone else will take pity on me, but no 
one does. Death number five.
  Finally, I am rezzed twice, and am in good shape again. One of our 
guild got an epic drop. It is announced we will be doing Vox and Naggy 
for some time to come, along with the long-hoped-for Kael raids. Some
members announce they will stop levelling for a while at 52 and work on 
AA's to keep doing this encounter. Me, I would rather move on to
bigger things. 
  Later in the week we took down Venril Sathir, though I wasn't on at
the 
time. This makes getting Rabotev added to the guild an attractive
prospect; they will help with his epic. But technically he dosen't need
his epic just to BE epic; he dosen't need AA's either. He just needs to 
be profitable...which he would be with the guild, camping Fungi tunics 
in Seb and Reavers in CoM. I really can't see him with a title.
  My other characters, they will have titles. Tosev will be a Brother,
then 
a Master. Neuveniu will be at least a Lady, and someday a Duchess.
And Ada...definitely will enjoy being called a Mistress.
  As of this writing, Ada is 44. She should be 45 going into Saturday. I
will have less playing time available this weekend than normal due to
social functions (my church is finally making itself useful to me as
well)
but I should be able to solo stalags in CC or quad 'vargs in DL up to
51.
Then, things get REALLY interesting...

  Eric Hawman
  On Tholuxe Paells:
  [44 Wizard] Adastraea Starwind (High Elf) <After Hours> of Errolissi
Marr
  [55 Druid] Rabotev Startree (Wood Elf) of Tunare
  [34 Monk] Tosev Starfist (Human) of Quellious
  [32 Shadow Knight] Neuveniu Sinstorm (Dark Elf) of Innoruuk

  "Ahh, High Elves. Their meat tastes like filet mignon, their blood
like a 
fine wine...but their souls taste like Kool-Aid!"
                                                                                  
- Neuveniu Sinstorm


