From 4893845472401009352
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5b2af2566bc7b57,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-17 22:26:00 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.stealth.net!207.35.177.252.MISMATCH!nf3.bellglobal.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!bin3.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Lokari <lokari@_nospam_lokari.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Names Names Names, followup
Reply-To: lokari@_nospam_lokari.net
Message-ID: <d0urnt05bh52ct5qev49j53a47t5cicr7d@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 197
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 18 Aug 2001 00:26:39 CDT
Organization: Giganews.Com - Premium News Outsourcing
X-Trace: sv3-0u0xV9G1u8MkgjAyye7hcyUtp5IRkQQ5qzxeG+anKm7X0b769MuBoYW3YihwAeFrkKcx991KsRSOCfd!bHdKBX28AZhakUct5hPMKdwkqwNKKWhny4kCXg9zBxgRbv3gnIlvRBcjUDp1dyPAKHI=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@GigaNews.Com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
Date: Sat, 18 Aug 2001 05:26:39 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:108649


As most of you will recall, no doubt with some trepidation, I recently
posted a conversation that I had with someone named Wantsomedrinks, on
Prexus, upon the occasion of me petitioning his name.

Now, my screen name and my character names are different, and while
someone who cared to dig around could probably figure out the link, I
don't think that's the case here. I think I was hearing from the same
bona fide idiot I petitioned.

Playing the game tonight, I received the following tell, and had this
charming conversation...

============

Evisceratus tells you, 'greetings! GM Evisceratus here. I see you have
petitioned the name of 'Wantsomedrinks' a while ago due to violations
of our naming policy. May I ask why you are doing this friend?'

You told Evisceratus, 'it's a blatant violation of the naming policy,
and detracts from the immersion in the game.'

[I was a little slow on the uptake. I didn't immediately realize that
this wasn't a GM. A /who on the name revealed him to be anonymous. A
later /who showed he was a level 13 Necromancer Iksar, in the guild
Comitis Conspicio. My condolences to that guild on the quality of at
least one of their members.]

[Violation 1 - pretending to be a GM]

Evisceratus tells you, 'It most certainly is sir but, I am affraid I
am going to have to warn your account because of this.'

[Violation 2 - threatening action against my account in conjunction
with violation 1]

You told Evisceratus, 'You do know the penalty for pretending to be a
GM don't you?'

You told Evisceratus, 'but meanwhile, by all means, "warn my account".
Dork.'

Evisceratus tells you, 'sir, it is not your place to report names.
that is a GM's job'

Evisceratus tells you, 'and it will be cared for by the GMs. Thank you
for your time sir.'



[A bit later, after having /reported the above two violations]

You told evisceratus, 'so, if you still have your account when the GMs
get around to dealing with you, let me know how it goes.'

Evisceratus tells you, 'eh? who are you?'

Evisceratus tells you, 'what happened?'

Evisceratus tells you, 'was a tell sent to you by any chance?'

You told Evisceratus, 'Sorry, not interested in communicating with
someone who is dumb enough to pretend to be a GM. It was reported, and
petitioned. Not my problem now.'

[Falsehoods on my part - I was interested in seeing just how much he'd
blabber. I figured I could get some more nails to put in his coffin.]

Evisceratus tells you, '!!! what?'

You told Evisceratus, 'check your scrollback. You sent the message
threatening my account, after all.'

Evisceratus tells you, 'i what?!'

Evisceratus tells you, 'OH LORD'

Evisceratus tells you, 'DANG HIM'

Evisceratus tells you, 'can u give me a moment sir? I need to inform
someone.'

Evisceratus tells you, 'sir, I've been having problems with hacking,
can you give me a moment?'

You told Evisceratus, 'not my problem. You've been on continuously
since you threatened my account and pretended to be a GM. I find your
story unlikely. I'll be happy to let the GMs sort it out.'

Evisceratus tells you, 'yes I know. it's a differnt issue. I need to
clear it u with GMs....'

You told Evisceratus, 'I strongly suspect you're the one I petitioned
a week ago, jerking me around. Once the GMs dig into it, the problem
will be resolved.'

Evisceratus tells you, 'a week ago? I've had this account a few days.'

You told Evisceratus, 'then how is it that you know that I'm the one
who did a name violation petition a week ago? Unless you're the person
I petitioned, who knew I was petitioning them, you cannot.'

You told Evisceratus, 'Did you buy the account from someone?'

Evisceratus tells you, 'over E-bay. yes'

[Violation 3 - Ding, we have a MORON]

You told Evisceratus, 'then you deserve whatever you get. '

Evisceratus tells you, 'what?'

You told Evisceratus, 'accounts are nontransferrable. '

Evisceratus tells you, 'this is not fair. can u inform the GM it was a
mistake while I change the password?'

Evisceratus tells you, 'i will be forever in your debt sir. this is a
very horrible mistake.'

You told Evisceratus, 'In any case, TODAY you threatened me while
pretending to be a GM, which HAS been reported. That will be acted
upon. No longer interested in discussing the matter with you. Good
bye.'

Evisceratus tells you, 'sir? this is not my doing. i beg you to please
reconsider'

Evisceratus tells you, 'please sir I beg of you'

You told Evisceratus, 'that's the sort of thing you should have
thought of before pretending to be a GM and threatening my account.'

Evisceratus tells you, 'I did not do it'

You told Evisceratus, 'you have been logged on continuously since I
received the message from you, so I'd say that's not correct. Good
bye.'

[Now that I had three different violations, with /reports to show each
of them, I did what needed to be done...]

You petition, 'Evisceratus is pretending to be a GM, threatened me
with "warning my account". Also states he bought account on ebay. See
report.'

Evisceratus tells you, 'I went link dead a few seconds ago sir. please
hear me out'

You told Evisceratus, 'If what you say is true, the GMs will be able
to figure it out, and will take appropriate action.'

Evisceratus tells you, 'are you sir sure? i don't want to be crucified
without a just reason. I am really sorry this happened. I am in a
panic. I don't know what to do'

You told Evisceratus, 'meanwhile, the comments you made to me,
claiming to be a GM, threatening my account, and stating you bought
the character on eBay, have all been reported, as all are violations.'

You told Evisceratus, 'here's what you do - buy a legit account from
the store, and leave me alone.'

Evisceratus tells you, 'violations??'

Evisceratus tells you, 'I just bought the account, how is it a
violation?'

Evisceratus tells you, 'I'm assuming your some kind of Guide authority
on everquest'

Evisceratus tells you, 'as you have taken it upon ureself to note me
instead of just ignoring me in the first place for someone threatning
you'

[You know what they say about assuming things. I half wonder if he was
trying to get me to claim I was some sort of guide, so he could try to
turn the tables. Unlike him, I wasn't born yesterday.]

Evisceratus tells you, 'what will happen?'

Evisceratus tells you, 'please '

You told Evisceratus, 'I'm placing you on ignore now. I strongly
recommend you read the rules of the game, both in the startup license
agreement and at www.everquest.com.'


============

And to think I was getting bored tonight.



--

www.lokari.net


