From -7820536416576560313
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,dc2e9244bbb684b3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-10 18:15:47 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3C3E4874.6367B0F5@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Choice between a warrior and a cleric
References: <2ba%7.242911$WW.13109770@bgtnsc05-news.ops.worldnet.att.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 83
Date: Fri, 11 Jan 2002 02:06:27 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.233.66
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1010714787 66.109.233.66 (Thu, 10 Jan 2002 21:06:27 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 10 Jan 2002 21:06:27 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:155513



WBrownlee wrote:

> I have a lvl 15 halfling warrior who is modestly twinked. Yeah, she has
> Langsaxes which are warrior only -- 4 of them in fact -- and some other
> stuff which is warrior only... trouble is, I *hate* playing her now. I used
> to take her out for a stroll when my ex was around and playing his necro,
> but he's never around anymore and she's been in the box long enough that she
> doesn't remember what sunlight looks like. As I've said in other posts, I
> never group. I found, the last time I took her out for a run to FP, that if
> you don't group, as a warrior, you pretty much die or run. And you pretty
> much seem to be limited to wandering mobs. I also have a modestly twinked
> lvl 5 cleric. I haven't played her either, in almost as long. I found that I
> was not suited to the cleric calling as I have been to Druid, enchanter,
> mage and bard. I have one more empty slot on my character creation list, and
> I want to do something different... a ranger, maybe... or a necromancer...
> but I can't figure out whether I should kill both cleric and warrior off,
> kill only cleric off or kill only warrior off. (I'll want the cash and
> items, in any event). And I doubt, unless someone tells me that it gets
> better, it *really really* does, that I'll play my cleric much in the
> future. I guess I'm asking for advice from higher level clerics and warriors
> on this one, though I'm pretty sure I'm gonna off my warrior.
>
> Anyone have any suggestions? (other than to take a long walk off a short
> pier ;) ? )
>
> --
> Darklet, druid of *almost* 18 seasons
>
> Thanks for playing.

Kill them both.

If you don't like to group, then cleric is a long hard road with no real
rewards.
If you were to pick one or the other to off, it should be the warrior, who is
even -worse- at soloing...

If you really want to solo a cleric, it should be a Dark Elf, who can get
a necklace that will provide a clickable snare effect (to my knowledge,
and please correct me if I'm wrong) the only cleric usable snare item.

What you will find as a solo cleric is that while you may be able to kill
good exp giving mobs, you have no good way to get mana back fast,
so you end up siting a -lot-.  If you don't mind this (sometimes I -want-
to Kill, read the paper, Kill, read the paper) you can level this way,
but there are certainly classes that do so much more efficiently, using
less mana and time to kill, and then recovering mana faster afterwards.
What clerics are best at, healing efficiently, is the least useful to the
soloing
cleric... who really shouldn't be getting hurt past say level 12 or so.

Solo warrior, though, is even worse off.  The only way to work efficiently
as a solo warrior is to kill mobs so low level that you can kill them on
under half your HP total with complete reliability.  This way you can
bind wounds back up to half and go in again.... the wait from half HP
to full HP using natural healing is five times as long as the cleric's wait
from OOM to FM.  IF you -want- solo warrior, then go with a Troll
or Iksar (for some regen capability) and twink up STA and HP as high
as you can, so that "half" is considerably higher than it might be.  Or
better, go with a paladin, which while not quite the fighter that a warrior
is (sorry all you paladins out there, but in -general-) will have the
ability to (inefficiently) spend mana for healing after the fight, turning the
wait time back into mana regen.

Better yet, go with a Beastlord.  This to me is the most enjoyable solo
class out there.  Yes, there are more efficient exp generators, quad
kiting druids and wizards are very hard to beat, and Necros have such
good mana regen capabilities that they are probably faster too... but the
Beastlord is a decent tank, a decent buffer, a decent pet class, and an
astonishingly good healer, better than a cleric... as long as its just his
pet he's healing.  At 18, completely untwinked (because I started out
lightly twinked and subsequently got rid of that twink gear in favor of
quest gear legitimately acquired) my beastlord can happily eat a yellow
con in fairly quick order and end the fight at 80M... and not because
he took a half hour to DOT kill and was medding while he did it.  Its
unfortunate that there seems to be no reason to level one up to serve
as a wanted component of high end groups/raids, but since you have
no real interest in this part of the game, I'd strongly advise trying it out.





