From -2156362935466405900
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,95b2d37975cc8e0c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-08-21 09:20:09 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!newsfeed2.easynews.com!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!pln-e!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews2
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Kuloth's adventures in old sebilis
Date: Thu, 21 Aug 2003 10:57:46 -0500
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 102
Message-ID: <bi2q5p01fg4@enews2.newsguy.com>
References: <3f443b93$0$23591$5a62ac22@freenews.iinet.net.au>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-212.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:297797

"James Hicks" wrote:
> the WMBS is currently going on my server for 10-15k plat, and I'm
> dying to grab one before something nasty happens to the price, either
> from drops being nerfed or from the 20,000 tennis racket owners
> realising the WMBS does more damage ;)

Yes, the WMBS is slightly higher DPS, at a cost of hitting faster and thus
you getting more riposte damage.  If you're not often going to find yourself
in the position of Main Tank, then the WMBS will be great.  If you are going
to often tank, the Windblade will give you just about the same DPS and less
riposte.

Being different for the sake of being different is not a bad impulse either.
It's an attitude I heartily subscribe to.  Now, pardon me while I have a
refreshing Diet Coke while I listen to the latest Brittney Spears song.

As an aside, it's always fun to see new recruits to my guild get their first
3K riposte.  =)  They tend to learn very quickly about positioning against
boss mobs.

> (I often question the sanity of this game, usually when I look
> behind me and see that my partner in crime is a gigantic
> orange frog with black spots riding a massive green lizard)

My pally alt is a froglok, and for some reason people overlook froggies.  On
three separate occasions I've been standing right in front of someone who
for some reason doesn't seem to realize that I'm the one they're talking to.
I was in a pickup Vox raid (never made it to Vox, she was bugged) and when
groups were formed, I stood directly in front of the group leader.  He sent
me two separate tells asking me where I was until I jumped right in front of
him.  He finally said, "Oh, you're the frog."

I think people have a little trouble accepting froglok player characters
seriously.  =)

> Sweet! Time to camp Guard!

Awesome when that camp is open.

> The very first cast that landed on me dispelled my eye buff,
> and I fell into the chasm.

=(  This is why people make troll or iksar SK's, not humans.  I'm actually
on your side, though, being a fellow human when playing my cleric.  There
are advantages to being human, but the blindness can be really a pain.  I
bound myself outside of Chardok, zoned in, got lost, died, and woke up in
total blackness.  I couldn't see a darned thing, I couldn't even tell if I
was sitting or standing.  I consider it a right of passage, though, a cross
us humans must bear for being the superior race of Norrath.  =)

> Frogs jump in after me, in the total darkness visible only by the
> coloured lights trailing behind them from spells. Easily one of
> the most beautiful and memorable scenes EQ has ever produced
> for me. I can see at least four trails of casts

That does sound pretty.  I actually enjoy dying if it's done with style.
"Oooh, that was cool."  "Dude, your AE nuke just aggro'd four goos and two
black reavers onto us!"  "Yeah, wasn't that neat!"

Not everyone shares our sense of aesthetics.

> Resuming where we left off, we're back to the previously fatal
> corner when a 65 necro, spectre in tow, runs straight past us
> and camps guard without a word.

Argh!  This annoys me in the extreme.  Marrtuk has seen this happen lots of
times during his soloing career - he'll be happily pulling a camp when
someone else, without so much as a by-your-leave, will come and take over
the camp.  I usually just move to another camp since it's not worth making
an issue out of it, but in this instance your entire reason for being in Seb
was to do Guard.  Very rude on the necro's part.

> He proceeds to demonstrate how to separate them in a highly
> effective manner that ends with all three pounding on his pet.

=)  Gotta love it when players "own" themselves.  =)

> then he leaves, carting off better loot after approximately
> twenty minutes than I'd managed to obtain in an hour in
> rathe mountains the same day. Breathing a sigh of......
> lament naturally, at losing so austere a group member,

/chuckle

> And I had fun, which is the main thing.

Good.  =)   Nice story, enjoyed it.


-- 
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Archon of Rodcet Nife
Silent Tempest

Marrtuk
Cavalier of Mithaniel Marr

Drinal server




