From -575194532645463841
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,966eeeaea5ea5096
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-10 19:24:45 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: danied@prodigy.net (Dan Davis)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: LDON WTF
Date: 10 Oct 2003 19:24:44 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 124
Message-ID: <88732bea.0310101824.229c568d@posting.google.com>
References: <6r3fnv0qme858k53hr2t6tp993cbhhivmd@4ax.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 146.235.2.37
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1065839085 19646 127.0.0.1 (11 Oct 2003 02:24:45 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 11 Oct 2003 02:24:45 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:1959

It may be a bit late, but I thought I'd chime in on this.  I play a
lvl 64 beastlord named Fastow on EMarr.  I'm ranked 25 there atm,
ratio like 92 wins to 8 losses.

I'm not in a guild.  I came back from a 9 month absence from EQ to
check out LDoN;  had no gear when i got back, corpse had rotted.  I'm
using LDoN to re-equip myself, and doing pretty darn well at it right
now too.  I know very few people on the server right now, and knew
virtually no one when I returned (I was a soloer before I quit).

Lokari <lokari@_nospam_lokari.net> wrote in message 
> I decided to take matters into my own hands and
> put my own group together. In that time, I've had no less than ten
> people group up with me, with the understanding that I'm trying to put
> a group together, only to have them say a few minutes later "GTG,
> guildie needs me" or some other lame crap.

Most people who do this sort of thing to me when im building a group
will never see another invite from me.  If they are not someone I
already know to be a good player, theyll wind up on my /ignore list
just so i dont have to waste time on them in the future.

> 
> On more than one occasion, that person is still sitting in the same
> zone LFG thirty minutes later.

That's definitely an /ignore list candidate.  The point of mentionaing
/ignor is not to say its a tool to get back at someone though; Im
stressing that /ignore is a tool to be used.  It filters your /lfg
tool too if you have LoY.  It keeps you from making the same mistakes
with the same people in the future, wasting your time and exp.

> 
> Tonight I had lined up an enchanter, a rogue, and a warrior, along
> with my druid. With that combination in place, we would have been able
> to pick up anyone we wanted. The enchanter bailed before she ever even
> arrived, and the other two ditched a few minutes later.

I'm not sure why they would bail.  I would point out that conventional
groups are not only unneccessary, but actually hobbled a bit when
playing in LDoN.  If the Rog and War bailed, thats kind of silly, esp
the War.  Warriors are at a big disadvantatge in LDoN.  Paladins and
SKs are far better suited to a dungeon crawl like you see in LDoN
(warriors have a nasty habit of standing there taunting 2 or 3 times -
no time for that in LDoN, at least not if you want to win).

Rogues are also at a disadvantage to bst / mages, although less of one
than the warriors have.  Rogues, to get good dps, have to have a back
to hit.  But in dungeons, its not always easy to give that to the rog.
 Mobs get on walls and corners a significant part of the time,
lowering the rogues dps and hurting their role (static role at that)
as dps in a group.  Rogues do have other uses in LDoN though (traps,
chests, scouts for named/adv mobs, etc).
 

> 
> Alright, I know that druids aren't popular in LDON groups, but we're
> not exactly dead weight, either. And I didn't just suddenly become a
> druid after these people agreed to group, obviously - I've told them
> all "I'm a 50 druid putting together a group, want to join?" - so if
> that's the problem they shouldn't have agreed in the first place.


I'm not real sure of the capabilities of a lvl 50 druid in ldon.  I
like druids in the lvl 60+ range for several reasons :
1 - succor
2 - ports (big time saver at the end of an adv)
3 - cheal (so we dont 'need' a cleric), or backup heals if you have a
cleric
4 - BoT9 PoTc etc, hp/ac + mana regen buffs, good combo with clr
symbol buff
5 - Ability to cure disease/poison (sometimes important in ldon)
6 - Snare
7 - Root for possible cc duty
8 - Reasonably good DD to add to DPS

Druids are a jack of many trades (not all), which makes them flexible
as far as the role they can play in a group.  Flexibility is important
when building a group for ldon.  I don't much like it when someone
joins on condiction of 'ill nuke, but i wont heal'.  It makes it a lot
harder to build a group with that sort of inflexibility.


> 
> And what's with that lame-ass blowoff? Don't hand me that pathetic
> "guildie needs me" line when it's a load of crap. If I'm still around,
> thirty minutes later, and you're sitting alone in the exact same spot
> you were when you bailed on the group, no guildie in sight, it's
> obvious that you're full of it. Especially when you're hollering for a
> group. Guess what Nancy-boy, you had a group and frankly, you don't
> deserve another. I hope you sit there till your ass falls off.

I have had the same situation a number of times; virtually every time
that person is still lfg when im requesting an adv for my group. 
Sometimes they're still lfg when we get back from the adv.  I had one
situation where someone left my group (leaving just me and a mage),
joined another, and his group was still looking to fill its last spot
when we left (with a new, full group) for another adv.  He wanted an
enchanter he said.  I had a mage with me; with his new elemental mez. 
It was north ro.  I wound up in a group with 2 bst 2 mages (both with
mez) an sk and a cleric.  We owned the place.  Stupidity is sometimes
its own reward.

I have recently seen a spate of people I invite turning 'lfg' on even
while in my group.  I havent decided how I want to handle that yet,
but I do know I don't like it and people I play with regularly now do
not do that to me.

A lot of people on this thread have been saying that they wont go into
ldon without a cleric; or without a chanter; or really want a bard.  
If thats the way you feel, unless you have a lot of friends of the
right classes that play the same time as you and want to group with
you, you wont be making it into ldon much.  Even if you do, that
conventional group mentality wont get you nearly as far as a high dps
unconventional group.

Just as an example, I know that some of the top 10 ranked on emarr use
AOE grops in ldon.  Yup, thats right, AOE groups.   Finish a
slaughter/collection in 30 mins, next mission please.   Of course, no
place for bst in such a group, but I have to say that is a smart way
to play it.

-Fastow
64th Savage Lord


