From 6187967082927447020
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ca90c1ec9efd3534,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-06-09 19:23:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-01!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "John M Clancy" <notanemail@nospam.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mounts = Horse and Drogmor information
Date: Mon, 9 Jun 2003 22:23:26 -0400
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <veag8s4gach0e1@news.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 176
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:286860

Mounts(some info gleaned from caster's realm and eqstratics):

Mounts are a new element in the game of Everquest. Horses came out at the
time Luclin was released and Drogmors(Lizards) came out with the Legacy of
Ykesha
expansion.

Horses are generally purchased from The Bazaar in Luclin and Drogmors are
purchased
from the vendor next to the banker in the Gulf of Gunthak. Since the Bridles
and Drums are No-Drop you must own the appropriate expansion in order to
purchase
a mount.

Mounts are actually summoned with a 'Bridle' for Horses or a 'Drum' for
Drogmors, these are placed in your character's Ammo slot. When summoned
a spell icon is put on your screen for the mount, to dismount simply
click this icon off, or use the /dismount command.

Speed and Prices (prices with ~110+ charisma):

Type                        Speed                       Price Range
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
--
Rope Bridle, Small Drum    ~25% Movement Rate Increase  8,400pp to 9,500pp
Leather Bridle, Drum       ~50% Movement Rate Increase  27,300pp to 31,500pp
Silken Bridle, Large Drum  ~60% Movement Rate Increase  60,900pp to 65,100pp
Chain Bridle, Giant Drum   ~70% Movement Rate Increase  95,600pp to
104,000pp
Ornate Chain Bridle        ~85% Movement Rate Increase  *Only drops off very
high level

NPC's in Luclin.

110 charisma is the best you can have for the horse merchants, anything
higher
doesn't lower the prices further. You can see how getting a high level
charisma
buff would be good when buying a horse though.

Colors:

Colors don't seem to matter much other than for show.  Black and White
horses are the more popular colors over Brown and Tan, so they are
the more expensive in each category. Basically, Black and White horses
are mostly a larger status symbol saying 'see, I can afford the prettier
horse!' In reality, a Tan Silken Bridle runs as fast as someone else's
White Silken Bridle. Drogmor colors are all the same price for each
speed level. Drogmors come in white, green, red and black.
You can see the colors of the Drogmors in the Corral by the Lighthouse
in the Gulf of Gunthak.

Speed references:

SoW is 34-55% speed increase depending on the level of the
caster(9-50). Run speed 1,2,3 are 10%,20%,30% respectively,
and Jboots/Tboots are ~35%.
(for reference spirit of cheetah is 115% and bards
can move at 20-150% depending on level and instruments)
Paladin's and Shadow Knights AA war steeds are equivalent to
the top Ornate chain horses and are instant cast.

Advantages:

-Sitting on a mount allows casters to meditate just as if they
were sitting on the ground without incurring the Mob agro you
gain from sitting down. As long as your 'Auto-attack' melee
is off and you are NOT moving.

-You can run from outdoor fights a lot easier. Faster horses naturally mean
its easier to flee from fights.

-You can also levitate while mounted.

-You also regenerate your Hit Points at the sitting regeneration rate.
As long as your 'Auto-attack' melee is off and you are NOT moving.

-You move at the same speed on horseback regardless of how
encumbered you become.

-Horses can be used at level 1.

-When riding a horse you get an innate Safefall skill of ~150.

-As long as you travel from one outdoor zone to another your
mount stays with you, you do not have to re-summon it.

Disadvantages:

-Mounts can not climb extremely steep slopes. Levitating can help this.

-When you move on a mount your view bobs up and down, this may cause
motion sickness in some people.

-Mounts cannot be used or summoned indoors.

-Meleeing is a lot harder on a mount. Frequently, you get the message
'your target is too far away' or 'you can't see your target'.

-Melee classes that get the 'Kick' ability cannot use it while mounted.
Monks cannot use their 'Flying Kick' while mounted.

-Looting while mounted can also be problematic as you click on your mount
instead of the corpse. Drogmors are a little easier as their heads don't
block as much of your view as the Horses do. Switching to a 3rd person view
camera
angle may help you loot easier.

-Currently if you cast the wrong spell during a fight, you can't interrupt
it by
ducking.

-Some illusions don't stack while you're on horseback.

-For kiting classes, kiting is not very easy as horses require a 1 to 4
seconds to get
going and 1 to 4 seconds to fully stop for spell casting purposes.

-Mounts are expensive to obtain and also No-Drop. This means you can't sell
it to other
players later, though there is an NPC in The Bazaar/Gunthak that allows you
to sell your

mount for roughly 60% of what you paid for it should you want a better mount
later.
You turn in your Drum or Bridle to an NPC for a 'bag of Platinum pieces'
that you can
sell to any vendor (remember to boost your Charisma for the best price).

-Mounts require quite a bit of extra food and water from your rations to
upkeep.

-Mounts have a 3 second casting time to summon. Unlike Journeyman Boots you
cannot
simply click them and be instantly on a mount. The only exception to this is
the
Paladin and Shadowknight horses obtained via alternate advancement which are
instant use.

-Mounts cannot be used while swimming. When you enter water deep enough to
start swimming, your horse gets dismissed.

-You cannot forage while mounted.

Summary

Overall, mounts are the most beneficial to casting classes, both wisdom and
intelligence casters. In high-end outdoor raids where a lot of casters need
to
med during fights, it's beneficial as you don't gain the agro from sitting
down
while mounted. However, interrupting spells you mistakenly cast or don't
want
to cast can be annoying, especially if you're a cleric casting 'Complete
Heal.'

For Melee classes, mounts are pretty much a very expensive luxury aimed
at getting you from point A to point B. Meleeing while mounted is especially
difficult because the mobs tend to be too far away or you can't see them,
even though they can still hit you.

For Hybrids, mounts tend to be in the same boat as melee classes, though
if they are fixed so that you can melee easier while mounted, it might be a
little more useful in gaining mana back faster. Still, Paladins and Shadow
Knights
get a special AA skill that summons a horse for them that is as good as the
Ornate Chain Bridle horses, so patience might be better than putting out a
minimum of 8,400pp for a horse. Out of all the hybrids, Beastlords would
gain the most benefit as they tend to be the most mana-dependant hybrid
class out of all the hybrid classes.

Lastly, Bards are the least likely to ever need a mount. They have
Selo's and mounts are kiting-unfriendly, so Bards would be better off
with Run3 or their Selo's over a mount in my opinion.




