From -1143514599128525385
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cdae0ace720ad94d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-03 10:18:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: londriel@blueyonder.co.uk (Londriel)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Enchanter: Rant, Strategy, Tactics, Communication, Mana, etc. (Very long)
Date: 3 Sep 2002 10:18:24 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 179
Message-ID: <d9b74d86.0209030918.e789530@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.239.208.126
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1031073504 31010 127.0.0.1 (3 Sep 2002 17:18:24 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 3 Sep 2002 17:18:24 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:228223

Hail fellow adventurers,

I am sorely vexed and somewhat perplexed. I wish to share my
experiences on the slight chance that some other soul have viable
solutions to the problems that are plaguing my dreams.

I am an enchanter, nay, I am an ENCHANTER. My world is filled with
wonder. My magic is a flood of ecstacy coursing through my body. My
mind is clear. I am in control and Norrath is my puppet. My passion is
what I am.

I also had the good fortune of being born a high elf. I care not to
elaborate.

PART I

I recently rose to the 39th rank and achieved the 10th circle. After
spending some time floating around Norrath, collecting scrolls, I
decided the time had come to revel in my new found power. I headed off
to the dreadlands and formed a new group with a few other adventurers,
a cleric, 2 monks, a druid and a shadowknight.

After some preparation the fighting began. My job was simple. Keep all
casters focused and their minds clear, keep all fighters hastened and
keep our enemies slowed and under control.

As our enemies were drawn in I would reduce their resistances to my
magic and then slow their movements. Rarely did we happen to get more
than one attacking us at a time.

My first problem arose when more challenging foes were encountered. I
do believe that they sensed in me their destruction as soon as I
slowed their movements. In a rage they would rush over and begin
beating on me in a frenzy of futility. Weaving strands of colour
around them would stun them into inaction and one look into their eyes
would be enough to convince them who was in control. Usually they
would go back to beating on easier prey, one of the fighters I assume,
after such an encounter.

I delayed my slowing slightly to overcome this obstacle only to find
that now my enemies became severely agitated whenever I sat down to
meditate. Meditation time became crucial as I needed to recover the
energy I spent. I quickly found myself too drained to keep up the
hasting, slowing and controlling the occasional wanderers that
attacked us.

(For all my fellow enchanters, for a good laugh sit down and stand up
quickly a few times close to the foe you are fighting. It will charge
when you sit and go back to playing with the fighters when you stand.
The fighters will be running around like chickens with their heads
chopped off trying to keep in striking distance. Quite humerous, don't
overdo it though...)

I admit I am a little long winded at times but it is crucial to me
that I am understood. So my first question is this:

Q: When my reserves are waning, do I turn to a lesser haste and keep
the slow or do I keep up the haste and skip a slow now and then?

If I delayed my slow slightly to avoid the aggravation when meditating
I discovered that by the time it is slowed it is already half dead and
it seemd like wasted energy.

PART II

One of the monks had the gall to tell me to announce whenever I am
going to mesmerize a particular foe so that he could stop attacking it
as not to disrupt the trance I placed upon it.

My first emotion was anger. How dare he question me? I am a dedicated
student of the tomes of Xornn and Xymarra. I have studied their
techniques and perfected it. I have been to Mistmoore Castle and
retrieved the rune of fortune from the dark elf Enynti unaided. Her
gargoyle guardians turned into her executioners.

But being an enchanter I have little time for my own emotions. My
strategy to date has been to mesmerize the foe and then inform the
group of the fact. However, I can see the usefulness of announcing my
intentions beforehand. My second question is this:

Q: Is there a preferred communication strategy when I mesmerize a foe?

I do not wish to scream often and be ignored, I wish to speak seldom
and be heard.

Can I also mention that I spent a large portion of my life breaking
bandit camps in the Paludal caverns. We were very seldom able to fight
only one enemy at a time. I am skilled in the art of keeping the
situation under control. Even when five bandits ambushed us I was able
to reflexively stun them, move away and mesmerize the whole bunch of
them in a matter of seconds as is expected of any good enchanter.

PART III

After my excursion into the dreadlands I came to the conclusion that
it is extremely boring working within a well organized group.
Eventually boredom overcame me. I thanked the group for their efforts
and complimented them on their efficiency, but I had other
commitments. I had a dream to fulfill, and the first step in that
dream is giant slaying.

I was fortunate enough to meet up with two beastlords and a cleric.
Once again I kept all of our minds sharp and focused, I also summoned
an animation to aid me. We seemed to have the giants well under
control and seeing that they are immune to my stunning magic I got to
indulge the child in me.

I evoked!

Yes, fellow enchanters, indulge yourselves. Create the opportunities
where you can just let go of all your emotions, channel it into
destructive energies and unleash it upon your enemies. I believe we
should explore all sides of our abilities and when the opportunity
calls be ready to use the whole range. There is also something
soothing about unleashing anarchy upon a giant towering over you and
seeing the collosal body tumble slowly to the ground all life snuffed
from it. I believe that fall is the only graceful movement any giant
ever does.

Eventually the inevitable happened. Three giants bore down upon us. My
animation had long since been slain but I was not unprepared. I tried
to dominate the mind of the closest giant but it resisted my will. Its
huge fists slammed into me but I was able to entwine its legs in roots
and put distance between us. Helplessly it struggled against the
roots. The other two giants were beating upon my newfound friends.
Again I tried to dominate the mind of one of the other giants and
again I was resisted. In an instant it was upon me and there was no
escape. My energies spent I helplessly stood as huge fists and feet
slammed into me again and again. Then darkness descended.

What felt like an eternity later among screaming energies,
bloodthirsty howling and an ear splitting grinding noise life was
forced back into my body and there I lay, barely alive. Helpless. Time
and magic worked on me and slowly the cleric was able to restore me to
full health. Fearful of the implacations I looked at the cleric. Our
eyes locked. What I saw will stay with me forever. I will limit myself
to saying that there was more between us. A bond of trust, respect,
understanding. A moment of clarity in a world of confusion. A moment
that made perfect sense.

Resolutely I floated into the air. There was no need to speak, my
manner said it all, and what my manner said was, "Lets slay giants!"

I took to their destruction with a new zeal. Gone was the childish
indulgence. Remove their resistances, slow them down, let the
beastlords wear them down and then I would send wave after wave of
force into their minds until their heads split apart. I did not even
see them fall, I was already looking for the next to unleash my wrath
upon.

Then I hear my group shouting for everyone to run. I turn around and
there are two giants bearing down on me. One word forms in my mind.
One word becomes my mind. Energies rebound within me. With a wrenching
scream I hurl this word at the nearest giant. NO! It slams into its
mind and erodes all sense of self. It becomes mine to command,
completely under my control. Without hesitation I command it to attack
the other giant. Hovering in the air I witnessed the battle. I rooted
the other giant to the ground. My slave pounded on it mercilessly.
Posessed by my anger it slammed fist after fist into its companion.
Hesitantly the beastlords joined the battle and soon the other giant
was slain. Never once did my will waver. I stared into my slave's
eyes, into it's mind. It tried to get away but it was trapped. There
was nowhere to go. Then I turned my back on it. I released the
energies to break my hold on it. Driven insane by my invasion of its
mind it rushed at me and beat upon my back. I felt its blows land,
felt crushing of a rib, maybe an arm. I was past caring. The
beastlords managed to draw its attention away from me. The cleric
casted healing spells. I did not feel a thing.

I returned to my spot on the hill. We continued to kill giants for a
while but for me the excitement was gone. The challenge was gone. The
emotion was gone. Now it was just work. But work that needed to be
done. And another step closer to my dream.

If you have read this far I thank you. My ramblings are extensive and
I reveal too much of myself. My only consolation is that it might have
some value to a young enchanter out there.

Londriel Aldaeer


