From 131656303663054420
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b666eac3f65f5ed2,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-13 13:38:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: EQ Disabled. *Sigh*
Date: Wed, 13 Feb 2002 16:41:31 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C6ADD8B.CC05A6C8@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 61
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:166464

Posting this before I log off to reinstall EQ from scratch. (Which
should soak up my evening nicely with all expansions.) But in case
anybody here has heard of, seen, read about, etc. this problem and can
offer insight in case the reload doesn't fix it, I'll ask in advance.

Here's the deal... my computer is fairly standard, and as of bed time
last night was running EQ fine with all expansions. Today, while at
work, Norton ran a live update and full scan, returning a normal report,
so I don't think I have a virus problem. Plus, when I got home I did my
normal other applications, checking mail (which Norton autoscans anyway,
but I ran it again before posting this.. still nothing) checking some
web boards, etc. No problems.

I go to log in. Patcher downloads the patch. Finishes. I light off EQ. I
get through the EULA, username/password screens, to server select. I
pick a server. Now here's what *normally* happens. (This will be very
non-technical. Bear with me.) Normally the screen "blacks out" entirely,
then flashes so you can see a bit of the desktop once, (Looks like it's
resizing it to the lower resolution) then back to black, then I get the
splash screen where the world loads and I get the character select
screen.

Today I get to the server select screen, I pick a server, the screen
blacks out for what seems *longer* than normal, flashes *THREE* times to
the partial desktop, and suddenly I have a windows error saying that
"eqgame.exe has performed an illegal operation and the program will be
shut down."

Ok. Patch problem. No biggie. I go and delete eqgame.exe and run again.
It downloads a fresh copy of the file. I try again. Same results. Hrmmm.

Keep in mind, Georg's machine (hooked up to the same cable modem through
the same hub) has downloaded the patch and is running just fine and
she's logged in playing.

I ran the thorough file check. It downloads a couple files I don't
recognize, but I take that as a good sign. I restart and try again. Same
result: eqgame.exe has performed an illegal blah blah blah.

I go and deleted eqgame.exe AND Everquest.exe and use the network to
copy over file copies from Georg's machine. I run it again. (Oh, by the
way, I'm shutting down and restarting during each of these steps in case
it's Windoze bullshit.) Same problem.

By now I've run out of brilliant ideas. I thought about trying to figure
out which other files the patch might have downloaded, but Georg
downloaded the same ones, so I'm not seeing much hope there.

I'm going to now go and (Huge fucking *sigh*) uninstall EQ and try
reloading the whole fucking thing from scratch and doing a thorough
filecheck to repatch everything. But in case that doesn't work, I'm
wondering if any of you mavens have run into similar troubles and can
tip me off what you did to get going again.

TIA as always.

-- 
jaZZ md
*******
"Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car."
-- Evan Davis


