From -8541744310048752283
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,dbc1f7b7377f4ce9
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-08 15:50:15 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!crtntx1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews2
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: The death of  a guild
Date: Mon, 8 Dec 2003 17:22:11 -0600
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 83
Message-ID: <br31360d8l@enews2.newsguy.com>
References: <51aab9a2.0312081348.26939d13@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-953.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:10843

Well, I've had two similar situations.

I joined a guild called Lords of Honour.  The guildleader was good, he
organized us well, he was great at getting us to raids, he had good people
management skills... and then dropped off the face of the earth.  No one
heard from him for weeks.  Emails sent to him went unanswered.  We couldn't
add new officers because only the guildleader had that power.  Finally, we
were forced to disband the old guild and form a new guild - Avengers of
Honour - under a new guildleader.  This went relatively painlessly.

Only once after that did I ever see the old guildleader.  He logged on once,
still with a Lords of Honour tag, and didn't stay on long.  Word was that he
just suddenly grew tired of EQ and only played DAoC.  I never knew for sure.
The guild was just fine for a while, until other internal politics tore it
apart.  That's another story.

After Avengers of Honour, I joined Winter's Light, which once again had a
charismatic, motivated guild leader.  And yet, almost as soon as I joined
the guild, he started playing less and less.  He'd call raids and then log,
leaving the other officers to run the raid.  He'd not log on for days at a
time.  We had a lot of questions about the direction we needed to go - we
were in a more-or-less permanent alliance with another guild, and their
leadership had some questions about raid targets and our long-term goals.

Here's where it gets dicey.  By the account of our officers, they tried to
contact our guildleader and got no response for many days, no indication
about where he was.  They finally decided that a change was needed, and
elected a new guildleader.  They logged on our old guildleader's account and
transferred leadership.

The old guildleader has a different account.  He received no emails, had no
clue anyone was looking for him.  He just logs in one day and he's not
guildleader.  He deguilds in anger and will tell anyone who asks that he was
screwed out of leadership - "excommunicated" is the word he likes to use.
He doesn't play on Drinal any more - he started a new character on Stromm.

Where's the truth?  I don't know.  I find it hard to believe that they would
demote him from leadership without trying to contact him first.  But maybe
they did, maybe they figured that his spotty attendance and deteriorating
interest in running the guild was enough justification to demote him without
asking.  I don't know, and I don't feel comfortable asking because I was a
recruit when this all happened.  The old guildleader was extremely angry -
which I can fully understand - and wasn't very approachable afterwards.  We
wanted him to stay in the guild, and we would have gladly welcomed him back.
He would have none of it after what was done to him.

So, what did I do?  In the end, nothing.  My current guildleader is also
very good - very knowledgeable about the game, very good at organizing raids
and strategies.  He doesn't quite have the people-handling skills I've seen
in other guildleaders, but he tries and he does find ways to motivate us.
(As an aside, he's also only 19, which sometimes astounds me.  He has
tremendous raw leadership potential outside of EQ, if he can channel it.)  I
just sucked it up and continued on under the new regime - and we've been
very successful.  I also took my cues from other people who had been in the
guild far longer than I had, and to almost a person they have stood behind
the new guildleader.  One guy, a good friend of the guildleader, also left
the guild, but he was the only one.

You can play "He Said, She Said" all day long and get exactly nowhere.  It
is sometimes quite difficult to judge moral character in a online game.  All
I can suggest is that you do what feels right.  If it feels right to stay
with the new guild, then do so.  It seems, though, that you don't
necessarily agree with what happened, and want to go back and support your
old guildleader.  If that feels right to you, do it.

I don't know how helpful that all is; those are very tricky situations.
Just do what you feel is best.  If you can still look yourself in the mirror
at the end of the day, you're doing all right.


-- 
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Archon of Rodcet Nife
Silent Tempest

Marrtuk
Cavalier of Mithaniel Marr

Drinal server




