From 2595968441330558331
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,deffb963d50d9921
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-19 05:42:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!nycmny1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!news-out.visi.com!hermes.visi.com!yellow.newsread.com!bad-news.newsread.com!netaxs.com!newsread.com!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3DDA38B7.A607745A@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Best/worst improvements in EQ...
References: <3iecra.ek2.ln@news.nexon.com.au>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 112
Date: Tue, 19 Nov 2002 13:18:57 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.255.146
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1037711937 66.109.255.146 (Tue, 19 Nov 2002 08:18:57 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 19 Nov 2002 08:18:57 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:246639



Ronny Cook wrote:

> What's the single change made to Everquest that
> has most *improved* the game for you?
>

targetgroupbuff.

I recall the gruesome chore of raid buffing for vox/naggy.  Fight
up to the "safe spot" (it wasn't), then disband, line up, and
walk past a line of buffers till you are buffed up, then log to
chat.  I recall BEING one of those buffers, sitting there with
hotkeys "casting heroism on %T, move on to Orphelia for your next
buff"... for an hour.  If you had a group buff, then groups of 5
were to approach you, invite, get buffed, then disband you and
move down the line.   There weren't many group buffs though

Now, buffing consists of "group leaders tell me when ready for
buffs." for the most part.  And there should be group and single
target versions of those few buffs that don't have both options,
to make this even easier.  Single target KEI, for example, is
sadly missing, as is group Blessing of Reverence.

>
> This can include abilities that were added but later
> nerfed, as long as you had a decent chance to profit
> from it. It should *not* include nerfs to *other* classes.
>

I don't see why it shouldn't include nerfs to other classes.  IN
many cases, these nerfs were done to help level out the playing
field for the other classes.  For example, a warrior might very
well say the monk damage mitigation nerf was a big boost for him,
since monks no longer both outdamaged and outtanked him.  I don't
know that this is the case, mind you, but you've attempted to cut
that out of your options list, and I can't think why.

>
> eg. PoK ports qualify because everybody who bought
> the expansion gained some port ability, and existing
> ported gained to ability to "port" to some new locations.
> - Bazaar counts, made exchanging goods easier for everyone.
> - KEI counts because most casters can get a long-lasting
> mana buff.
> - Allowing characters < level 10 to die with little penalty
> - Introduction of a nifty new class or race that you love
>

Incomplete heal; means that when I group with a druid, I have an
adequate backup healer rather than a sick joke.   I can actually
ask for an AFK, go get a soda, come back and find the group has
not slowed pulls down much at all in my absence.  IF you think
this means I could be replaced, I'll point out that the druid is
now nearly OOM and panting for breath, and a cheer goes up from
the assembled party... but previously all pulls would have had to
stop and if any roamers were nearby there's still a chance I'd
have come back to someone dead and the rest evaced.

>
> Also, what "improvement" to the game do you most dislike?
> eg. - PoK ports because you're a druid and porting
> market collapsed
> - KEI because you're an enchanter and suddenly everybody
> has KEI and no longer wants to group with you
> - Changes to resists (to make high-level MOBs easier
> to cast on) because suddenly greens can hurt you with spells
> - druid/shaman "almost-CHeals" because you're a cleric
> and suddenly high-level groups no longer *need* you
>

Those spells did little to change the high end game; shaman were
quite adeqate healers before getting Incomplete, and druids
didn't group much anyway.  Shortly after Incomplete was
introduced, PoP was added, with mobs that do so much damage, on
tanks that have so many HP, that Incomplete doesn't cut into the
cleric need much at all.

To me the most annoying thing about the current game is probably
spell overwrite issues; I'm not sure these are all due to a
change, but I know some changes have been made but my peeves
weren't addressed.  Here's the deal;  Focus overwrites BAOR.  If
I have BAOR up, then I want it up, yet KF is a group (or often
MGB) spell so I get hit with it all the time.  BOA overwrites
POTG/C.  If I have POTG up, I want it up.  I might not even have
access to a druid to redo it for me.  BOA overwrites Symbols,
even my higher level Symbol of Kazad.  It also overwrites AC
buffs, even my higher level Ward of Gallantry.

When I cast BOA, even if I'm not in the target group, it also
casts on me.

This means if I'm properly buffed (POTG, Symbol of Kazad, Word of
Gallantry) all three of my spells are blown out, I have to beg a
druid for a POTC replacement, and then recast symbol and word!
Sometimes I just suffer along with BOA and BAOR rather than keep
fighting it... but now KF keeps overwriting my BAOR!

In addition to this, a version of a given spell cast by a higher
level person stays on when I try to buff them.  This often means
I cast BOA on a group, only to have it bounce off someone, then
see their buff wear off 10 minutes later.  Similarly, when my
group's chanter refreshes KEI, I often miss out due to an old KEI
cast by someone else.  This problem is a recent addition, since
prior to POP, there were no higher level people casting BOA or
KEI!  Easily overcome by having the group buff caster ask people
to click their old buffs off first... but its clumsy.


Bergh "was that one item, or two?" Brelltender



