From 5330689363028893596
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,90cfe78539349c6e,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: mike@mikeshea.net (Mike Shea)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 41: Banishment
Date: 1 Jun 2004 13:27:43 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 175
Message-ID: <f4b815e0.0406011227.35c04511@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.160.51.70
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1086121663 32166 127.0.0.1 (1 Jun 2004 20:27:43 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 1 Jun 2004 20:27:43 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:4489

Tales of Loral
Chapter 41: Banishment

It had been seven years since Loral had retired from his days of
adventure, but he had one last job to do. Loral walked slowly around
the cavern, carefully inspecting every detail of the large room. Any
flaw in its construction could spell disaster for those within, and
eventually all of Norrath. Two large ballistae, huge crossbows with
bolts two meters long, were bolted to the floor corners of the room.
Seeing these siege weapons in such a small room would make no sense to
any outside observer, but to Loral, they were critically important.
Loral checked the chains that ran across the floor ending at two huge
stone wheels on the far end. Loral looked to the two armored
barbarians that stood to the sides of the large wheels, iron hammers
slung over their shoulders. He turned and looked to the two elves that
manned the giant crossbows. The resolve of these warriors would be
more critical than the flawless engineering of the room and its
furnishings. They were about to see something few mortals ever did,
and fewer still ever lived to talk about it.

Loral took out a black gem from a pouch on his belt. A single word
activated the priceless gem, and once activated it could never be
deactivated. The huge crossbows, the unbreakable chains, and the
strength of the warriors would all fail if the gem was not activated
properly. Each was a piece of a large puzzle, each had to be put in at
just the right time or they would all die. Loral took a deep breath.
It was time to release Xuzl. Loral took the battered shield off of his
back and set it in the center of the floor.

"Awaken Xuzl. You are free."

A vibration filled the room, rattling the chains on the floor and
drawing concerned looks from the guards. The edge of the shield began
to glow and then burst into flame. The circle expanded outward forming
a large pool of fire. A sudden blast of hot air filled the room as the
portal to the Plane of Fire opened.

A red claw reached out of the pool and gripped the stone floor.
Another claw followed the first and the two heaved up the rest of the
demon's bulk from the pit. Xuzl's green eyes beheld the small priest.
The foolish priest had kept his word. Xuzl was free.

Upon blackened hooves, Xuzl stood above the fiery pit. He stretched
his full fifteen feet height expanding his wings to the edges of the
room. He beheld the priest again with his burning green eyes, he
hissing laughter filling Loral's mind.

"Ganthalrom"

The word of command activated the black gem. The shine from Loral's
earrings and rings faded. Two magical gems that lit the room darkened
immediately but the four torches of the room stayed lit. The demon
felt the shell of invisible protection surrounding his huge frame
disappear. He called upon a column of lava to incinerate the priest
but no fire came. All of his magical powers were gone along with all
other magic in the room. All magic within one hundred feet of the
black gem ceased to exist.

It mattered little to Xuzl. Even without his powerful magic, the demon
was stronger than a the Ice Giants of Permafrost. He could crush all
five of these pitiful creatures with a single stone. That was when he
noticed the ballistae.

"Fire"

Two huge bolts, each a six foot steel rod tipped with a black barbed
tip, tore through Xuzl's arms. The huge chains, attached to the end of
the bolts, raced up the ground and criss crossed Xuzl's massive chest.
Xuzl roared and the guardians felt their knees grow week. One of the
elves manning the ballistae fell to the ground, his hands covering his
head.

The two barbarians bashed out two logs that held the stone wheels in
place with their hammers. Behind the wall, a four ton stone weight
fell. A network of levers and pulleys behind the wall pulled the
chains tight around the beast. Four huge chains wrapped the demon
around the chest, crushing the bones of the beast's wings. Three more
wrapped around its legs. Xuzl was pinned to the wall, the chains held
tight by the huge stone weight. The strength of twenty frost giants
could not break their bond.

Loral had spent years studying the powers of extraplanar creatures and
in almost all cases they had three powerful weapons; physical
strength, magical abilities, and psionics . Two of the demon's three
weapons had been removed. Only one remained.

While magical energies were drawn from the outer planes or their gods,
even from one plane to another, the psychic abilities of outer planar
demons came from a different source. Unlike magical energy which would
be stopped by the black gem, psychic energy worked on the internal
powers of the mind and would be unaffected. Sometimes these psychic
effects were subtle. Xuzl's was not.

The elf that manned the left ballistae screamed, a scream so violent
that his throat ripped itself apart from the strain. Blood flowed from
his eyes and ears, running rivers down his cheeks. Loral felt his
stomach heave when he heard a small pop and the elf fell dead to the
stone floor, his brain crushed under the might of Xuzl's powers.

The barbarian to the beast's left took out a large black shining helm
he had hanging on his back. The helm cost almost as much as the black
gem, its shape forged from instructions over five thousand years old.
It was built from a material known to block the mental intrusions of
the Shissar and was used as armor by the ogres of Old Norrath. The
ogres used the armor to keep psychic intrusion out, but this helm was
designed to keep it in. Most importantly, the power of the helm to
block psychic abilities was not magical but natural. It would work
within the stones antimagic shell.

The ogre put the helm over Xuzl's huge head, the form fitting
perfectly around the demon's black horns and covered the green burning
eyes of the demon with smooth black metal. A latch clamped the helm
shut, tight against the creature's head. Loral let out a sigh of
relief. Had the helm not fit, they would have all died as their elven
companion had.

Xuzl felt his senses crash down. He could no longer hear the thoughts
and emotions of the attackers. He could not send out his psychic
tendrils into their minds. He could not summon his powers to call
forth waves of lava or reopen a gateway back to his home world. He
could not even see. For the first time in fifty thousand years of
life, the arch-demon Xuzl was afraid.

Loral watched the chest muscles of the huge beast flex against the
strain of the giant chains. He saw the black claw clench into a fist
and extend as if reach for something, anything. The chains pinned the
creature completely to the wall, his arms wrapped around him in some
obscene embrace. Xuzl's roar got softer and softer, turning into an
inhuman whimper as the chains tightened around his chest. Loral could
not see Xuzl's eyes under the black helm, but the whimper was one that
brought no hatred into Loral's mind.

For the first time since contemplating the trapping of this unholy
beast, Loral had doubt. He would have thought this feeling was one of
Xuzl's psychic tricks, but with the black helm in place he knew such a
trick was impossible. Who was he to trap so mighty a creature? He had
orchestrated and carried out a plan to trap this beast forever within
this tomb. What right did he have to do so?

Another vision filled Loral's head. One of the beast Xuzl plucking an
armored female elf off of a hill far away in the lands of Tunaria. The
beast flew high, crushing the screaming paladin in an immortally
strong grip. With a smile and a chuckle, the demon bit off her
screaming head and swallowed it whole.

Loral's vision snapped back to the trapped beast, faceless under the
black helm. To remove such a creature from the world of Norrath was
necessary. To have such a power free in the mortal world or even the
planes was against all that was good.

Loral and his remaining companions left the chamber, sealing the door
behind them. After a few hours, the torches burned themselves out and
the room was black. The only sound was the forced breathing of the
demon, his chest too constrict to scream or even speak.

Loral walked past the illusionary treasure room filled with a king's
ransom in platinum and magical items. Two stone guardians, built and
enchanted by gnomish arch-mages stood motionless, protecting the room
from intrusion forever. Should any adventurers get this far, an almost
impossible feat, they would think the treasure room to be the final
victory. None would suspect the giant rock on the opposite wall to
contain the unholy beast Xuzl, and his eternal tomb.

Thoughts of the demon flowed out of Loral as the thick liquid of the
potion of forgetfulness flowed down his throat. In moments, he and his
three remaining companions would forget the entire experience. It was
the only way to ensure their secret remained so. All three stepped out
of the maze-like catacombs and into the inner chambers of the Church
of Tunare. Soon all three were walking through the streets of
Felwithe, the encounter and its location already forgotten.

None of them remembered that a few hundred feet below the streets of
the elven city of Felwithe, chained to the wall and bathed in pitch
blackness, hissed the eternal breath of Xuzl the demon. The demon,
however, would never forget.


