From 6417935401415817397
X-Google-Thread: fb739,28e5ab08845d17f6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 22 Dec 2007 07:02:15 -0600
Date: Sat, 22 Dec 2007 08:02:10 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 2.0.0.9 (Windows/20071031)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Fun with Zlandicar
References: <mtidndFHTOVpq_TanZ2dnUVZ_gidnZ2d@dejazzd.com> <PuSdnev4jKbmmfDanZ2dnUVZ_uyinZ2d@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <PuSdnev4jKbmmfDanZ2dnUVZ_uyinZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <aKydncCiu9NFl_DanZ2dnUVZ_tqtnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 73
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.25.88
X-Trace: sv3-4P5nOtJd8N7KH2MwpMZ0tiMzT0B74Q1TdCvtZkpWcKmNIANwMdff4+IDOcxdRcpSZv49y45rEGRBxrv!T6LvhN8y6zwMnGv8hh7cI+IU+rpqv4ouu9m+LUdR/JEUBRHjXPwWFfFCo+ZkzCp00KReBsTcP5s1!AHN8UoClCQ==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.37
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:12437

Rat Vs Gnome

So, Vaniki announced himself by beating me into a pulp.  Apparantly he 
see's invis, and he saw me before I saw him; I'd forgotten he might 
actually be up, after 5 days looking for him all I was doing was setting 
up the tracker for range of all four spots.

I tried to rise to the occaision and melee back, but it didn't go well 
at all, I got him down to about 90% while he got me down to 25% and I FD'd.

In retrospect, going after him unbuffed and with my normal spell layout 
replaced with multiple low level snares wasn't likely to succede, but 
worse yet I had forgotten I was armed with Zlandicar's Heart... 
deliberately set up to do no damage at all other than the DS!

Once I successfully FD'd I was able to take stock of my situation and 
realize that I'd need a weapon.  I left the Heart in for the moment 
though as I needed some regen, and besides, Goats had just popped in 
Qvic and my cleric bot was needed, so I logged the rangerling, logged in 
the cleric, and headed over while I got some HP back.

Swapping in my 1.5 and with full HP, I stood back up and started the 
fight again... only to find I wasn't doing much better.  Vaniki has a 
lifetap proc that goes off frequently, and I wasn't keeping up.  I tried 
to move back and FD to ditch him so I could mem better spells and buff 
up, but he didn't reset nor did his buddy.

On advice of a friend, I used IOF to get my resists up and tried him 
again, with no better results, I wasn't resisting those lifetaps even 
with 525 in all resists, and I couldn't ditch the adds either, fighting 
him plus a couple friends was really not working out.  FD again, and 
several different efforts to split him just didn't go.

Eventually (and with long pauses while I regened HP while performing 
cleric duties on our mini raid) I ended up throwing in the towel on the 
idea of soling him, and started dragging him to the WW zone line.  This 
was a laborious process, as I'd get a pile of adds, and he would keep 
stopping to cast so I couldn't just train the whole pile out, I'd outrun 
him.  Wait for the adds to mostly clear (some never did, he always had 
buddies) and then get him moving again.  I did manage to swap in a 
couple spells, which improved things.  Best part though was that I'd 
recently maxed out Willful Death AA, which meant the many many casters 
who's spells I was resisting weren't breaking my FD attempts.  Two weeks 
ago there's no chance I would have survived this effort.

Next roadblock was the curving ramp up from the tunnels to the spider 
area; easy to travel in, but I'd never tried it going out.  Turns out 
that at gnome size its a very difficult traverse.  Normally I'd just go 
wood elf or skeleton form, but by now my chances for stopping and 
memming or casting spells were gone, it would have meant serious 
backtracking to get to the spot where I'd actually managed a little 
aggro free time.  So there was a lot of jumping and hopping and 
manuevering, and I'd get beat up bad enough to have to flop and regen in 
between steps.  All the while timing my efforts to coincide with breaks 
in the Qvic run.

All this must have taken me about an hour, because the goat raid wrapped 
up, 3 M'Sha down, and some friends were willing to come help out. I left 
the cleric bot be and concentrated on dragging Vaniki past the spiders, 
much easier in open terrain, his follow distance was short enough and 
his run speed sufficiently slower than Run 5 that I could get breathing 
room.  I finally split his buddies off by using my Bioluminescent Orb to 
blind them and ran him far enough forward to be out of add range when I 
FD'd aggro off and reaggroed him.  A rogue friend showed up and helped 
clear spiders out of the path and we got him back to the zone line just 
as the rest of the crew arrived.

With  a full group this guy was no trouble at all, in fact I wager just 
me and the rogue could have done the job; I simply wasn't enough DPS to 
overcome his lifetapping

Tried Willsapper out on some of the trash mobs at the zone line, then I 
went to bed happy.


