From 2675954323258873087
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,68b148fbeece8ead
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-08-03 05:44:59 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F2D0389.BE30A12@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Mounts and food
References: <bgitjl$7af$1@sparta.btinternet.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 75
Date: Sun, 03 Aug 2003 12:50:04 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.236
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1059915004 66.109.254.236 (Sun, 03 Aug 2003 08:50:04 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 03 Aug 2003 08:50:04 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:295447



REM wrote:

> I usually buy the Halas 10lb Meat Pie and Fizzlecutter formula for food and
> drink - these are not exactly cheap. Since purchasing mount it absolutely
> motors through the food and drink. Is there anyway to ensure its a cheaper
> food in my bags?

Well, you eat when you are hungry.  When you eat, you eat the food item closest
to the upper right position in your inventory.  This is the same position that
is considered for getting stats off stat producing food like the Halas pie.

So what can you do?  Well, one idea is to keep cheap food in your number one
position in your number one backpack, ensuring that you eat it instead of the
pie.  But now you don't get the benefit of the pie.

You could do this, and then swap in the pie only when you need it; eating fish
rolls or something while travelling.

But another approach is to force feed yourself.  Putting a food item in an open
inventory slot (not inside a backpack, in other words) and clicking on it will
cause you to eat it immediately.  This fills you up a bit, and since as I
noted, you eat only when hungry, it staves off the time before you would next
eat that pie.

In fact you can force feed yourself several times in a row, filling up the
"fullness bar" to the very top, staving off time till you eat even further.

And you can "top off" the tank by forcing in more after some time has passed,
which gradually lowers your "fullness".  Keep the tank topped off this way and
you'll never eat that pie.

But inevitiably, you'll end up forgetting in the heat of battle on on long
cross country walks or so forth.

So the trick, if you really really don't want to eat that pie, is to set up to
force feed automatically; put a whole stack of food in a slot, say the number 8
slot, and then put that slot in your hotkey bank (say in slot 10), set up so
that every time you do a certain thing, like turn to the left, you also
automatically click that slot.  This will mean every couple seconds you try to
eat.  But if your fullness bar is full you -won't- eat, so you won't go thru
your food any faster doing it this way than doing it manually.  (hopefully you
already know how to tie a hotkey slot to your turn arrow because you did it
with your Sense Heading button... if not, do that immediately!)

Force feeding food this way means you only get half its benefit; if you put a
stack of fish rolls in slot one and ate it only when hunger drove you to it it
would literally last twice as long as if you force feed it.  But thats the
price you pay for not giving in to temptation and chomping down the meat pie.

Oh, incedentally the drinks work the same way, you can force drinks down your
throat to preserve other drinks.  Thing is, the drink you mention isn't a stat
drink, so there's no benefit to having it sit there in your "if I'm thirsty"
slot.  And since forcing yourself to drink also halves the benefit, setting up
to force drink fuzzlecutters will actually make them stretch only half as far.

Now if you get ahold of some Qeynos Afternoon Tea, or Kaladim Constitutional,
then force drinking Fuzzlecutters will be an excellent idea, to conserve money!

Oh, I mention Fish Rolls and Fuzzlecutters as they are cheap long duration food
and drink thats easy to come by.  A problem with the automated force feeding
and drinking plan is that eventually your stack will run dry, and until you
replace it you'll be back to nibbling on that pie you were trying to save.  The
longer the duration on your force food/drink, the longer the stack will last
you, so the less opportunity you'll have to forget to replace it and eat the
pie...

Oh another thought; when you don't need the mount, get off it.  Its free to
summon and only takes a couple seconds, staying off it will double the length
of time between snack breaks.

Bergh




