From 321939689095038036
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9bf8305b6df69e6c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.comcast.com!news.comcast.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 24 Dec 2004 10:00:22 -0600
Date: Fri, 24 Dec 2004 11:00:21 -0500
From: Michael <NOSPAM_Lin_mukai@comcast.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla Thunderbird 1.0 (Windows/20041206)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Trader Question - EQ1
References: <7pGdnYMca5qCm1HcRVn-1g@comcast.com>
In-Reply-To: <7pGdnYMca5qCm1HcRVn-1g@comcast.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <L9ednXhaIfqKoFHcRVn-vg@comcast.com>
Lines: 164
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.96.95.162
X-Trace: sv3-uCOmOY2WrYkXFruWm4rw5gz8lGWzS3aenYngbbT9c/1O2yh5khzmnPXVtpOZltFdJtSz9JNO3H7D8IB!qnkNlWgxHd1PknWPQ8bw3y1aUrYSzta/n3fH8rbRsCnuqzAg1aCuCUMdu2Vk
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:27924

Ben F. wrote:
> I have a ton of stuff that I bought, won, was given, etc for different toons 
> that are no more.  If I go to an NPC even with cha over 150 I am offered 
> very little for it.
> I know I need to make a trader in the Bazaar, but not sure of some things 
> there.
> Do I need food and water on my trader when selling?
> Do I have to buy and keep on me multiple trader packs or can they sit in my 
> bank?
> I was told I could use my Bard and make him play an instriment before I go 
> into trader-mode and I would get skill-ups, is this true?
> Any other tips would be handy.
> 
> Thanks for the help ... Ben 
> 
> 

Lief answered your questions pretty well but I'll throw in a few other 
tips and hope you find them useful.

First of all, welcome to the wonderful and profitable world of the 
bazaar. I love this feature of the game myself and made a level 1 
Barbarian Warrior I named Unclemichael just to be my trader mule. He 
lives in the bazaar all the time and never leaves. I pass him loot I 
want to sell via the shared bank slots. I keep a backpack in both of 
them and whenever they fill up or whatever, I log in the trader, go to 
the bank in the bazaar (there's two of them conveniently enough) and 
stock up on new wares, price them with the help of the bazaar window's 
search and on the block they go!

You will need trader satchels and they must be on your trader and the 
things you want to sell must be in them. Fortunately they are very cheap 
and easy to come by. When you walk into the bazaar, just keep going past 
the first bank (the Nexus bank everyone calls it because it's near the 
Nexus zone in) and you quickly will see a building on your left with an 
open entryway. Walk in and the first NPC on your right in there sells 
the trader satchels. And just a tip about trader satchels. Because they 
are very cheap and can hold anything, I use them for all my toons bank 
slots, not just my trader. But you never want to use them on your toon 
unless you're quite the strong guy because they are very heavy. 
Fortunately weight is not an issue in the bazaar. They made it so you 
can be so encumbered you couldn't move in the outside world but in the 
bazaar you can. So the weight of the trader satchels and large amounts 
of plat doesn't matter in there.

And that reminds me of something else. When your trader is stocked up 
with lots of stuff in trader satchels and is perhaps also carrying a lot 
of plat so that's he's quite encumbered, make sure you never ever gate 
out of there to go someplace in that state or try to zone out into the 
nexus or shadowhaven. Because if you do, wherever you are you will be 
frozen and unable to move. I learned this the hard way several times, 
being a little slow... I also learned that even in that highly 
encumbered state if you can get a sow, you can move (SLOWLY) and get 
back to the bazaar to unload.

Because I tend to be a little absent minded I now always keep a sow 
potion on my trader so if I ever do this again I won't be stuck. 
Granted, he is a warrior and is not gating anywhere but I have done 
stupid things like get suckered into the arena and killed, etc. which 
transported me back to Everfrost where I was then stuck until some nice 
druid came along and sowed me then ported me to the Nexus.

If you have a free character slot, making a trader mule is the way to 
go. It's very convenient too when you want to go to bed for the night or 
whatever to quickly switch to him and just leave him up all night. It is 
fun to check in on him in the morning and see how much money you made.

There are only two commands you need to know in the bazaar:

/bazaar - which opens up the bazaar window itself for buying things and 
checking prices in your case with a trader

/trader - which opens up the trader window that shows whatever is in 
your trader satchels you have on you and allows you to set prices for 
these things and also to change them whenever you want

I'm thinking now, maybe you know some of this just from buying stuff for 
your toons. If so I apologize for statements of the obvious but not 
knowing exactly what you know, I might as well cover it all.

The first thing you want to do with your trader if you are not already 
aware of it, is to open the bazaar window, expand it to see all the 
buttons on the bottom if its too small, and turn off viewing all 
traders. This cures the terrible lag the bazaar was long famous for.

Pricing things: for the most part if you want to move your stuff quickly 
you need your items to be at the lowest price in the bazaar. Otherwise 
people are of course going to buy whatever is lowest and not your stuff. 
Most of the time this isn't much problem with the greed at least on my 
server. I typically undercut everyone on everything and my stuff is 
quickly gone. However, you cannot always do this as sometimes people do 
price items very low and in that case it's best to price a little more 
and just let them get the first sale.

You may sometimes be disappointed when something you thought was worth a 
lot is going for cheap in the bazaar but resist the temptation to price 
it high and just let it go unless you are in no hurry to move it.

As someone new to the bazaar and prices on many things most likely, you 
may run into a problem if you look up an item you want to sell and there 
are none for sale to compare to. In this case what people do is to occ 
something like this: "Price check on suchandsuch uberweapon and people 
will give you a ballpark idea what it usually goes for many times.

If something stays on your trader for a long time, unless it is a 
class/race specific thing with a small number of prospective buyers for 
it, odds are you've priced it too high, even if it is the only one of 
its kind in the bazaar, which doesn't happen too often.

When you have finished setting your prices and are ready to click the 
button to begin your trader, who must be standing in one of the trader 
stalls like all the other traders in the bazaar, it is good to ooc "New 
Trader Up! BEST Prices in the bazaar on my awesome stuff!!" etc. I find. 
Many people watch ooc's in the bazaar for deals and you'd be surprised 
at how spending a little time hawking your wares via ooc with links and 
your asking price can quickly move items.

If you have the time for it and feel so inclined, I'd encourage you to 
spend a little time on your trader actively selling your stuff with 
ooc's. I found that to be a lot of fun and this will often lead to 
people making offers and haggling with you over prices, which again I 
enjoyed myself. It is also a good way to move items quickly if you have 
the time and want money now for some reason.

I found the bazaar to be a lot of fun and quite profitable after 
spending some time there and getting a feel for the value of popular 
items. Many times people want cash right now for some thing they just 
cannot wait to buy. As a result they will ooc something they have to 
sell at a very good price. The more you get to know the place and the 
market, the more you become good at spotting such deals when they 
present themselves and can jump on them for very good profit.

I remember early on catching things such as Charred Guardian shields and 
whatnot being sold via ooc for half what they typically sold for by 
people desperate for cash right now. So I'd send a quick tell before 
somebody else would, stop my trader, meet them at the bank, buy them, 
run back to my trading spot and mark them up for a profit but still at 
best price in the bazaar and make a tidy little profit on them. That was 
small potatoes with items like that of course but as a somebody pretty 
new to the game with a low level main toon, the money sure was nice. In 
the end before I got tired of it, I was buying and selling better stuff 
and making 5 to 10k a pop on things and sometimes more. I think my best 
deal was picking up a Zlandicar's Heart for 20k and turning it over for 
40k one time.

And the more you do this the better it gets. There are people who have 
made fortunes in the bazaar game by playing it just like this. It's fun 
and the money is good but it does require sitting on your trader for 
hours at a time in order to be there to catch the deals as they come up.

Sorry, that was probably a lot more than you were asking for but just in 
case you might find it fun and want to try your hand at making some 
money that way I thought I would share my experience with it. I don't do 
it so much anymore as I'd rather be out playing my toons. But when I was 
starting off and needed money to outfit them, especially my main it 
really paid off and it sure beat farming stuff.


-- 
Get Thunderbird - Reclaim Your Inbox
http://www.mozilla.org/products/thunderbird/

Get Firefox! - The Browser You Can Trust
http://www.mozilla.org/products/firefox/


