From 2271563894459526652
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,58a0286f4ece167c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-14 08:53:49 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews1
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Halls of Honor!
Date: Thu, 14 Nov 2002 10:32:00 -0600
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 84
Message-ID: <ar0j5f02aat@enews1.newsguy.com>
References: <aqtvn6036k@enews1.newsguy.com> <fgIA9.576$JR.22051@newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-931.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:245537

"-Martin" wrote:
> "Richard Lawson" wrote:
> >Like, wow.  Our guild got a few of its members flagged for Halls of
Honor.
> >Like, OMG.
>
> grats :)  What did A'D drop for you guys?

Er... don't remember.  ;;^_^  Mostly the post-kill phase was spent trying to
rez everyone while avoiding the eight-mob train that was running about.  At
one point after healing the kiter, about half the golems came after me, and
I got to practice running around in circles.

Eventually we rezzed enough folks to deal with the golems, then I ran into
HoH.  During all this, I simply didn't pay a lot of attention to loot.

If you infer from this that A'D was a close thing for us, you may be right.
=)

> > The mobs have low AC, low HP, low resists, don't flurry, don't rampage,
> > don't have any AE's, and give fantastic XP.
>
> Er... maybe you were in a different HoH to me.
>
> The pathing is DIABOLICAL.  Think akheva when Luclin first came out.
>
> And we got our asses handed to us last night by a bunch of mobs flurrying
> for almost 800, so yes they do flurry.  Im sure some mobs rampage too.

Hmm.  Maybe it depends on where you are and what mobs you fight.  We were
careful to only pull the Guardians of Marr and the Sentries of Marr, plus an
occasional armor thingy.  I went back again last night to a different spot
in the zone, outside a temple of some sort that had lots of mobs spaced out
conveniently for pulling.  The only danger in that area was the roamers, and
at one point we managed to chain-aggro five mobs.  But again, the lack of
flurrying and the low resists made it easy to survive.  That was the only
time I dipped below 40m, and most of the time I was above 70m.

It was humorous when people called out "Camp Check", as there were no real
distinguishing features.  One person responded, "From zone in: Right right
left right left left right.  That camp."  So I can't tell you really where I
was versus where you were, Martin.  I'd be interested in what mobs you
fought that flurried.

> The exp is good, but then so is PoV when its empty.  I think all
> of PoP is like this though, it just loses its magic when any old
> person is in there

Well, there is that.  Point well taken, Martin.  I didn't like PoS when I
went there because of the moss snakes that slow and poison and the treants
that nuke you constantly and the giants that are perma-camped.  PoV is quite
crowded and it's hard to find good mobs to pull.  So in comparison, HoH is
much nicer.

Yeah, as more people get flagged it will probably get a lot more crowded.
When we first got flagged and zoned into HoH, there was one group of Cats in
Hats, our resident uber guild.  CiH greatly annoys me because of their
general lack of respect for the rest of the server, and it showed again here
as the CiH folks started /shouting about zerg guilds and saying we couldn't
kill any mobs without downloading a strategy guide first.  (Never mind we
had just killed A'D all on our own.)  Looking back over it, I can see now
that they were dismayed that HoH, which had been purely their baliwick, was
now opening up.  Last night there were thirty people in the zone, most from
our alliance. (My guild, Winter's Light, is closely allied with another
guild, Crimson Twilight.  Together we take down high-end mobs that
seperately we probably could not.  It's nice because we can have our own
identities - I like the familyish atmosphere of WL - while still having the
numbers to do mobs like A'D.)

As other guilds get flagged, I can indeed see HoH becoming another Velk's.
But in the meantime, I rather enjoy having little competition for the
easy-to-kill mobs.

> -m

--
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
High Priest of Rodcet Nife
Winter's Light
Drinal server




