From 433341667328784910
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8b88c3e92eb3d9e5,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-10-08 19:42:43 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news.tele.dk!small.news.tele.dk!193.251.151.101!opentransit.net!proxad.net!news-hub.cableinet.net!blueyonder!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!newsfeed1.earthlink.net!newsfeed.earthlink.net!stamper.news.pas.earthlink.net!stamper.news.atl.earthlink.net!harp.news.atl.earthlink.net!not-for-mail
From: "Davian" <davian@nospam.mindspring.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Many new changes announced.
Date: Tue, 8 Oct 2002 22:42:39 -0400
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Lines: 208
Message-ID: <ao0530$57i$1@slb7.atl.mindspring.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: a5.f7.e7.63
X-Server-Date: 9 Oct 2002 02:42:40 GMT
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:236529

I'm suprised this hasn't made it here already.

http://eqlive.station.sony.com/community/articles.jsp?id=52118


Just like everyone else, we're people. People make mistakes.

Some mistakes aren't that unbalancing and are safe to keep in the game and
work around. Others can sometimes yield gameplay that turns out to be even
more fun than developers even imagined, as ingenious adventurers discover
unrealized potential in their abilities.  Yet others, even the
best-intentioned ones, can cause an entire style of gameplay to shift
dramatically in a direction that no one particularly enjoys.

Unfortunately, today, we need to address a number of the latter kind.  For
that, we sincerely apologize. It is absolutely our fault that certain
abilities have been allowed to grow out of control.

In our last letter, we stated that our goal for large scale battles in
EverQuest was never one of endurance contests. We'd prefer to actively
return to the type of battles that everyone feels are more fun - Battles
that require tactics and skill, as opposed to attendance and endurance.

Due to some specific abilities as they exist today in EverQuest, this
unfortunately isn't possible. The mathematics simply cannot be made to work.
In extreme cases such as that, the abilities themselves must be altered.

It isn't possible, for example, to ever make another fast-action,
do-or-die-quickly style encounter as long as Manaburn exists in its current
form, unless it is targeted solely at an entire group of people who have
this ability, as it will otherwise be trivial to those who do.

Likewise, it isn't possible to create encounters that must be completed in a
certain amount of time due to mana consumption, when Rods of Mystical
Transvergence  provide an essentially unlimited source of mana. Every
challenging encounter must also be challenging for the massive raid of
people who have infinite mana, and the encounter then becomes undoable to
those who do not have the infinite supply.

Hypothetically, the only alternative to changing abilities such as these
would be to inflate every other class up to the same tier of relative power
(be it damaging power, or mana regenerative power), then inflate the rest of
the world to compensate for the sudden rash of new found power. Drastic,
world-wide changes of that sort, however, are a guaranteed way to do more
harm than good.

The time has come to address these abilities. Fortunately, after doing so,
EverQuest as a whole, and the encounters in Planes of Power, will be able to
be tuned for forces who are interested in active participation in the game,
as opposed to those forced to sit through yet another 45 minute encounter
with a single NPC, as became the norm in Luclin.


* Manaburn. In addition to the problem described above, this ability was
never intended to be a way for small bands of high level players to hold
hostage the advancement of larger numbers of more appropriately leveled
people. While this was not the universal case, it has unfortunately happened
enough across most servers to where it became a large concern in recent
months.  The concept of someone looking to complete their epic quest via
teamwork and overcoming the odds, only to have their attempts obstructed, in
some cases, by small teams of players looking to profit financially from
their power, quite frankly, is not a behavior that we wish the game to
reinforce.

In the next patch, Wizards who have purchased Manaburn will find that their
ability points have been refunded. Please make sure that you have fewer than
25 pooled Ability points.

At that point, they will be able to purchase a new Manaburn if they choose,
which has most of the power of the old one. However, the new Manaburn leaves
a temporary effect on its target when used that  does not stack with other
Manaburns.  The delay that we will be tuning on the Test Server soon will
allow a single target to be manaburned no more frequently than once every
minute.

Hopefully, this will bring the ability back in line with the original
intent -- A powerful ability that allows a Wizard to do massive short-term
damage, but not a method for a group of wizards to destroy powerful
creatures with zero risk.


* Rods of Mystical Transvergence. The description above shows how this spell
has perhaps singlehandedly altered the balance of the end-game encounter by
turning it into an event where the largest challenge is setting up a timed
rotation of Complete Healing.  Once that is established, in many cases, the
event is just as playable by leaving AutoAttack on, and wandering away to
watch television. This does not make for stellar interactive content.

We view Magicians as an excellent source of damage, especially with the many
pet enhancements that have been made over the past year. To be honest, it is
a more than a small shame that their full energies have been viewed as
"needed" to be spent, full-time, purely on transferring their mana to
others. Magicians are supposed to be the masters of elemental conjuration
and highly respected as a damage-dealer, not the masters of mana
transferrence.

In the next update, Rods of Mystical Transvergence will be changed so that
the spell summons an item that is still a valuable upgrade over the original
Modulation Rod, yet does not provide an infinite amount of mana.  The idea
of sudden mana gain spells is only balanced if there is a net loss over time
to counteract the rapid infusion.  The initial version of the spell that we
will be testing summons a Rod containing a single charge of 360 mana for 450
hit points, and can only be used by a person once each minute.

In addition, the Rods themselves will be non-droppable, and spell will turn
into a "target based summon," such that the Magician summons them directly
onto the recipient, as opposed to having to hand them out manually or create
a stockpile on the ground.

Since there are definitely encounters in the game where this type of mana
regeneration is mandatory for the encounter to be beaten by a reasonably
sized force, a number of those encounters will likewise be re-tuned to
shorten their duration, most frequently by lowering the hit points on the
NPC in question.

Again, our intent here is provide Magicians with a desirable secondary
ability that would ideally be used before a battle, not an ability which
essentially compels them to suddenly transform into a full-time support
role, transferring their mana to others, as opposed to dealing damage.


* Complete Healing. The concept of any class getting their single best, most
efficient primary ability at level 39, has never sat well with most people.
In the days of characters having a maximum of 2000-4000 hit points, the
spell was absolutely not imbalancing. However, as time went on and
characters progressed, now doubling that amount of hit points, it becomes
obvious that the spell must be scaled back slightly.

This spell has, over time, become the defining cornerstone of the Cleric
class. As such, it cannot be altered significantly. Taking that into
account, and given that those with the most hit points in EverQuest have yet
to hit the full 10,000 HP cap of this spell, the spell will remain nearly as
useful as it is today, by being reclassified as a spell that heals for 7,500
hit points, down from its current cap of 10,000.

This will allow it to continue to be used as it has been in the past, while
allowing for more dynamic types of heals to be introduced in the future.
Making this change will allow us to providing more entertaining high-end
encounters that require more active involvement than setting up a Complete
Healing "Rotation" or "Chain," then repeating the same motions until the
Large Thing you are facing, eventually falls down.


* Monk Defense.  Finally, the issue of defensive ability needs to be
addressed with respect to Monks.  Monks in EverQuest were originally
intended to be a class with excellent offensive potential, both with and
without equipment.  This ability came at the expense of having only passable
defensive abilities, partially in the form of an extremely small,
restrictive selection of equipment from which to choose.

This, of course, caused its own series of problems of how to adequately
reward the person behind the character.  It did not take long for
universally equippable items (ALL/ALL items) to be considered by and large
as "Monk Loot," as far back as before the launch of Kunark.

Over time, Monks' defensive abilities had been tuned up to correct a
perceived weakness.  This, taken in combination with a few years of
universally equippable, low-weight, high powered items entering the game,
slowly transformed Monks into what is arguably the strongest defensive class
in the game.  Monks get hit less than any other class, and due to the tuning
over time, no longer take appreciably more damage when they do get hit.

This imbalance between the classes does need to be addressed in order for
the Plate-wearing classes in the game to have their proper relative power.
The Plate-wearing classes in the game take a serious penalty to their
offensive abilities in order to defend as well as they can, and we cannot
fix this problem solely by inflating their defensive abilities to compensate
for this.  Again, that type of change would harm EverQuest as a whole much
more than altering the one class.  Likewise, we have no desire to
retroactively alter all of the equipment in the game that is contributing to
this problem.

Monk defense will be altered somewhat.  It is no secret that in EverQuest, a
character's Armor Class does not compare equally across different classes.
(A Wizard with 1000 AC defends differently than a Warrior with 1000AC, for
example.)  It's not the most optimal system, for sure, but it is the one
that many people have had much time to get used to.  As such, Monk defense
will be altered such that they may continue wearing the same equipment,
however, they will get a decreased benefit to their overall ability to take
damage.

Again, we have no desire to make monks unable to take any type of
punishment -- far from it.  What we are primarily striving for is
maintaining the defensive order of the Plate classes being able to take the
most punishment, followed by the Chain classes and Monks.  The latter being
technically a Leather wearing class who will continue to make up the
difference by being able to avoid more blows than the rest.

In closing, we would like to again apologize for the amount of time that
we've allowed these abilites to remain in their current state. With Planes
of Power on the horizon, in order to make encounters that most people would
consider "fun," these abilities and class attributes need to be brought back
into line as sane upgrades and logical progressions, as opposed to their
current manifestations.

We appreciate the many well thought-out letters that have been sent in on
these topics and more.  As always, we thank you for playing EverQuest and
look forward to seeing you soon in the Planes of Power.

- The EverQuest Development Team


--
Dearic  <Arbiters>

Dwarven Warlord on E'ci




