From -8897924770997863877
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,82777acb4a876ea4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-11 22:30:38 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.104.MISMATCH!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3EBF2E0B.9AF3605E@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: 30 shaman with a pet.
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 79
Date: Mon, 12 May 2003 05:18:49 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.255.190
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1052716729 66.109.255.190 (Mon, 12 May 2003 01:18:49 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 12 May 2003 01:18:49 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:281720

OK, after hitting 30 I finally broke down and logged on my druid
to hunt out a copy of Befriend Animals.  Found it in the Surefall
Glade druid guild.  Like a troll shaman has a bat's chance in
Kelethin of waltzing in there to go shopping.

Went to Great Divide and played around with it a bit, couldn't
find any mobs low enough level to cast it on but the Snow
Bunnies.  As with other charms, you don't get an "impossible"
message until after you've cast it, spent the mana, and aggroed
the mob.

I did have some fun with a little rabbit pet, killing Walrus,
Ulthork Hunters, Ulthork Warriors, and Wooly Rhino's.  The little
guys did no noticable damage, and when aggroed were not effective
even as speed bumps.  It was interesting to have a buffed bunny
take on an unbuffed bunny, how a little haste and regen makes the
difference!  I was also able to determine that buffs are
persistant after charm breaks; I SOWed a bunny up and then when
charm broke, I took him on a foot race; he was more than able to
keep up with my SOW'd self, not surprising since its the same
level SOW, and mobs are generally faster than unsowed PC's.

I also made a couple classic charm pet handler blunders; in one
case I unmemmed charm and was unable to get it back when charm
broke, because of course the bunny was on me like white on rice,
and while he could rarely hit me normally, every time I sat he
hit for full damage (8 points) which of course was no concern
except that it would make me stand up!  So, charm pet, keep charm
memmed till its dead.  Then I was fighting a rhino when SOW
dropped out, I ended up getting a bit low on HP and should have
rooted, backed off to heal... but that would make the rhino turn
on my pet and kill him, so I stayed in close and tried to channel
the heal instead.  I failed, the Rhino got in a lucky run of
above average damage, and I ended up dead trying to channel that
root.  Pet related mistake?  Don't get overly attached, let em
die if need be!

I'm playing in short stints here, soloing and playing around with
capabilities.  Next time I log on, I go over to Marus Seru.  Try
the Greyhoppers; yes, they -are- charmable!  A hasted and regen'd
Greyhopper kills a slowed Greyhopper very nicely with very little
mana cost to me.  Turns out they can also take on pretty much any
of the stonegrabbers, lightcrawlers, and Zelinaks in the zone,
all of which are blue to me, but some of which were red to 25.  I
was unable to find a mob the greyhopper didn't do decent damage
on and couldn't tank for reasonable amounts of time; sometimes
he'd need a heal, harder mobs I'd have to double dot to speed the
fight up a bit, but all in all he made an excellent pet for the
zone.

Here I learned another lesson as a shaman charmer.  Keep that
target mob snared and rooted.  When charm breaks, the pet comes
running for you, and rather than slowed as most mobs I fight are,
its hasted.  This gives it a lot of chances to interrupt
casting.  This makes it important to keep the original target
from reaching you and adding its blows in as well.  Root pet
(faster cast and fewer resists than charm) then charm, root on
either your original victim or your pet will break soon enough.
In fact, stand on the pet, cast a DOT on the target, and it will
probably oblige by moving into melee range of the pet for you.

I also waded in and Melee'd beside my pet for some fights.  This
turned the pet into an efficient DOT, and I found I was usually
able to back out of the fight and let pet tank while I reapplied
my DOTs or Slows, or replaced buffs.  The low aggro I was
complaining about on shaman spells turns out in my favor when
using a pet for this purpose, pet made a good substitute for root
most of the time, I could turn attack off and back away and pet
would grab aggro for me.  The breakable charm nature of the pet
didn't ever make this totally relaxed, but it was quicker and
easier killing in most cases than soloing without a pet.

I'm pretty convinced that I'll be better off with a -real- shaman
pet, I'll spend more mana buffing it up and won't ever have to
worry about it turning on me.  But I do think I'm getting a
decent taste of the "beastlord" style shaman work at last.

Paax, 30 pet class troll, Morel Thule



