From 9206162028178743010
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f651017e5f294d5b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 07 Jul 2004 13:30:33 -0500
Date: Wed, 07 Jul 2004 14:30:30 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: What is a berserker?
References: <I4SdnbVyrdHIfnbdRVn-sQ@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <I4SdnbVyrdHIfnbdRVn-sQ@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <tvqdnXEsZ-fU3HHdRVn-ig@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 88
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.252.239
X-Trace: sv3-wp2629XwNiqMTeQ1PucDmhyxsOt3kV8hyStmEthyw7+ByFF74vAw5L+Q2tvy6FD0UUg8/Wn2cMejA8m!wJeB2jEggYizj8gCDWwnpHqpwcdk5gSztSYRNvNbCMVFI2p7JgHpDRWhqRziTYfUF47tC1hQ7oj2
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:9011

Ok, made a little barbarian Zerker and ran him around for a while, 
here's what I have so far.

Its a chain class which can ONLY use two handed weapons, or maybe some 
one handed piercer... only weapons skills are two handed blunt, two 
handed slash, and piercing.  Even that's too generous, because the 
various rusty two handed swords and cracked staff drops I picked up in 
the newbie zone weren't BER usable.  I'm still using a sharpened version 
of my starting axe.

As a class ability, they get to buy books which they hand in for special 
skills; the first one gives you the ability to make a throwing axe, 
something like 6/32 range 125, plus gives you 5 skill in throwing.  You 
buy a special component (actually, first stack is free), and make a 
hotkey for the skill, each use takes one component and makes a stack of 
20 axes.

At level 5, a second book gets you an upgrade of sorts, now you are 
making something like 6/30 throwers.  There's another book at level 8, 
dunno what that one does; I see books with names like Leg Slicer, making 
me hope for more useful skills of some sort.

Normal skills include kick and intimidate at level one, and something 
called Frenzy starting at level 6; I'm  not level 6 yet so I don't know 
that that is all about.

This was my first time in the tutorial.  Run thru a series of "find the 
next NPC" deals and you get a charm that ends up pretty nice, 5 points 
to str sta int wis, and 10 hp and 10 mana; given that it goes in an 
unused slot thats not bad.  Jump in the water and pick up a sword, you 
get a mask with some AC.  There's a bit of cash that changes hands, and 
you can if so inclined get your baking skill up to 15 or so.  You also 
level to two in the tutorial with very little effort.

Then you have a special zone to run around and hunt in, where the mobs 
don't aggro (eventually they will as your faction drops from killing) 
and range from 1 to 5, so you can level up in privacy.  There's also an 
NPC that casts a HP buff on you on demand (this idea has long been 
discussed; NPC that casts KEI, SOW, etc.  Well there's one in the tutorial!)

Best quest in the place is for the glooming spiderling silks; three to 
the armor NPC gets you a random piece of stitched burlap.  Spiderlings 
dropping this special silk are plentiful, and drop a piece about 50% of 
the time, much better than the spiderlings out in Everfrost, which 
rarely drop regular spiderling silk.

Oddly there is no guildmaster in the tutorial zone, so if you elect to 
stay there you have to do it without having spent a single point on 
skills.  Seems a massive oversight to me.  I griped about this in the 
serverwide age channel and someone told me I could leave and then get 
back in by logging out.  So I finally trained up a bit at level 4, and 
got my first book handed in and my guildmaster note handed in.  The 
latter gave me an AC 2 tunic, while I was already wearing Stitched 
Burlap at AC 4 in that slot.  Destroy.

Talking to the Quests person in the berzerker guild, I got the list of 
berzerker armor quests; all based off drops out in everfrost newbie 
zone.  I've completed all the pieces except for the bracers; bought a 
patch of gnoll fur and a spider venom sack off vendors, other than that 
all the drops were easy, except for the polar bear skins, which seem 
very rare.  I remember playing other barbarian characters and handing in 
the skins for great quest exp and decent armor (rawhide?), and don't 
remember drops being anywhere near this hard to come by.  They've 
dramatically increased the number of mobs in the newbie zone area, but 
they aren't dropping stuff like I remember it.

Every time I do one of the pieces of armor I get a skill up in 
blacksmithing, and so far haven't had any fails, not even doing the 
tunic at a skill of four.  So I suspect its no fail, which makes the 
skill up thing weird.

None of it is all that exciting, but it does have chain look, better AC 
than the stitched burlap, and a few points in stats.

I was about to ask about the weapon part when I got disconnected, and 
decided to come here and report before heading back in.

Grage, 5 barbarian berzerker, Luclin

oh, I also Claimed my staff from GOD on this character.  Its a stats and 
resists item that fits in range slot, which is irritating because as a 
berzerker I use the range slot to pull with; that nearly endless supply 
of throwing axes is pretty handy for the purpose.  If it had fit in Ammo 
slot, then I could have dealt with it, but primary (like I don't need a 
weapon) or secondary (all berzerker weapons seem to be two handed) or 
range (throwing weapons!)?




