From 8764533055308041192
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4bab95f79e5946c5,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-08 16:14:52 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <anniebenlen@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Bailing out of a bad LDoN (long)
Date: Mon, 08 Mar 2004 18:14:50 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <404D0C7A.A3ADEF09@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 95
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:22695


   I was bitching about this quite a bit in AGE channel, and thought I'd give
more details.

     It was a rough weekend for me, EQwise. I had done 5 LDoN over Saturday and
Sunday, and only won two of them. Most of these were in Tak, one in Mistmore. No
one in particular screwed up. It was just a bad luck combination of people going
LD repeatedly, and pacify being resisted fairly regularly (In Tak. This place
IMO is much harder than your average MM).

    I was frustrated. I love doing LDoN's, but these had taken alot out of me.
Then about 7:30 PM Sunday and I had just gotten out of the failed MM (LD got us,
this time). I see another guy shouting for levels 51 to 57 to join. Well.. I do
have to be in bed by 9ish, but I know that should be enough time. And I would
like to have just one good LDoN for the weekend, so I decide to give a shot. I
send the shouter a tell, get a slot, then go to PoK to get KEI. I come back, and
shortly we are on our way after I ask that we don't do a hard.

     At first it seems like it is going to go well. We have a full, balanced
group, and a slaughter mission in a Mistmore. Should be cake. And the other
members are talking among themselves about who will do what. Looks good.

     We go inside. We call up pets. We say we are ready. We ask for pulls. No
pulls come. We ask again for pulls. After a couple of minutes, it dawns on me
that no one is willing to pull. Just then, one of our tanks goes LD. Great. But
we still have a ranger and warrior (I believe... like I say, I was pretty
tired). But still.. no one is willing to pull. 

     I am not a very patient person. I wish I were. And I tend to get annoyed
fairly easy. I wish I weren't this way, but I am. I start asking in group who is
going to pull. Silence. Finally I say fine, I'll do it. I was thinking that this
might wake up the tank types. "Oh wow, we're such pussies about pulling that our
cleric is going to do it!" But no such luck. I pac pull. We get one. We kill it.
I ask again if anyone else will pull now, with me as a pacifying assistant.
Cricket's chirp. It dawns on me that this group really does want their cleric to
be the puller.

     I then mem cancel magic, because I heard in AGE channel that it is a pretty
low agro spell. I am still annoyed at this baffling to me turn of events, but I
decide to make the best of it, and do my level best. We do have a druid and
shaman, so I tell them that they are going to have to be healers until I get
agro off me and can cast. I do have KEI and FT2, but I am not going to be able
to spend nearly as much time sitting in the dungeon during fights and pulls as I
usually do. Several in the group agree that I am the person for this job.

     My level best is not good enough. I can pull them one or two at a time, but
the others are not that good at getting the agro off of me. I spend a good chunk
of mana trying to keep me alive. A good chunk of the druid and shaman's mana
also goes to keeping me alive. And they did a great job. I never did die in this
adventure. But mana is a problem. We have to take several med breaks. I am still
baffled as to why we are doing it this way, but the leader, the guy that invited
me, is doing nothing about calling for a different puller.

     During a med break, I see that we are 30 minutes into the adventure, and
have killed 11. Yes, only 11. We need 55. There is no way that we are going to
win at this rate, and I find myself getting more annoyed and even angry that we
have to operate so inefficiently because no one is willing to pull but me. This
has gotten to no fun for me, and I am unwilling to continue in this manner.

    I announce that we are not going to win, and I am sorry but I can't deal
with this anymore. I apologize, and say we have to change tactics or quit. One
of the tank types enters a room, and comes back with four. Us healers are LoM. I
see that this is going badly, and call for all to zone (the leader certainly
wasn't going to do this). Most or all do... if any dies, I rez them (I was
pretty upset at this point, so my memory might be a bit faulty. But I know that
I left no unrezzed). Outside the dungeon, I say that I can't deal any more, and
will log so that I don't get any points should they win. Someone makes the
comment that they doubt there will be any points awarded, so I say fine, I will
just go into trader without logging then.

     And I leave. I don't put the leader on ignore, but I do make note of his
name so that I won't join any groups where he is the supposed leader.

     Ok, I know that I was strained going in, and getting upset by the
situation. I tried to keep my cool, but might have sounded rude or whiny. I
tried to do the proper thing, at all times, but not sure that I did.

     So when is it okay to bail on LDoN that is just plain bad? 

--
Annie

To join the alt.games.everquest chat channel type /join serverwide.age:age 
If you want to stayed joined, then after that type /autojoin serverwide.age:age

Currently playing:

Teapray-- 51 High Elf Cleric on Firiona Vie

Lentea-- 35 Ogre Beastlord On Firiona Vie

Teajust-- 9 Froglok Shaman on Morden Rasp

--
If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


