From 5927390829217225235
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f3a999a2ba74de1d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-20 18:11:12 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!pd7cy1no!shaw.ca!pd7tw3no.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
X-Trace-PostClient-IP: 24.64.15.117
From: Ben Sisson <ilkhanikeDIESPAM@yahoo.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Melee change information
Message-ID: <4ssqrvc09acdjla42sts98261iu1mece1i@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.553
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 107
Date: Fri, 21 Nov 2003 02:11:12 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.66.94.143
X-Complaints-To: abuse@shaw.ca
X-Trace: pd7tw3no 1069380672 24.66.94.143 (Thu, 20 Nov 2003 19:11:12 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 20 Nov 2003 19:11:12 MST
Organization: Shaw Residential Internet
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:8491

equi_melee window was added to test today, along with these in the
spell file:

Infuriate Test 
Barrier Test 
Cover Test 
Guard Test 
Infallible Test 
Crippling strike Test 
Blind Test 
Muscle Shock Test 
Undercut test 
Armor Crush test 
head Bash Test 
Rallying Cry test 
Lunge Test 
Rage Test 
Power Slam Test 
Stomp Test 
Backslash Test 
Slice Test 
Enrage Test 
Flurry Test 
Provoke Test



The text of the general plan was this, if it hasn't been posted
somewhere else yet:

EverQuest Chat on November 24th at 6:00pm - 7:00pm pacific time. Melee
System Enhancements! 
You've been asking for them and now we're ready to discuss them. We're
taking a big departure from what many of you are used to when it comes
to combat. With that in mind, here is a brief summary of these
exciting enhancements to better help you target your questions to us
during the live chat. Don't worry if you miss the chat, we'll post the
logs on EverQuestLive.com 

Increase the contributions melee classes provide in a group setting 
Address the current deficit between the pure melee classes and other
classes 
Add more depth and potential for skilled play to melee combat 
Provide a system that encourages attentiveness and decision-making
skills, without focusing heavily on twitch gameplay 
Take advantage of an opponent's weakness. See an opening, strike home
for the kill! 

Monks, Rogues and Warriors will gain the ability to recognize certain
weaknesses in an opponent's defense. These "Openings" will be a
variety of types and can occur based on several different situations
during combat. Be quick though, an opening will not present itself for
long. Strike quick with a new combat skill once your character
recognizes an opening. These new combat skills are being designed just
for this combat system revision. Using and maintaining these skills
expends the character's Endurance (a new statistic, calculated from
the character's basic stats). 

Here's a combat example: 

A warrior is serving as the tank for his group, standing in front of a
goblin. While battling the goblin, the warrior makes an exceptional
parry and is presented with an opening. An indicator appears with the
"opening icon" and the word "Parry" next to it (this information also
appears in the chat window). 

Now is his opportunity to strike back after the exceptional parry!
Only certain combat skills can be used to react to a parry opening.
Other types of openings will allow the use of other skills. Some
skills may be usable in response to more than one type of opening.
Also, your position in relation to the target can change the
effectiveness of certain skills. 

In this case, our warrior knows that he can use one of three combat
skills, each having some merit. One might stun the target, one might
increase the hate generated by the warrior for a few rounds, and one
might make it easier for everyone to hit the NPC. 

In this case, our warrior elects to try to stun the goblin. He presses
the appropriate button and luck smiles upon him as he successfully
executes the strike, leaving the goblin standing dumbly for a combat
round. 

Increasing Your Endurance and Learning New Skills 

Increase Endurance by increasing attributes or by acquiring special
items that directly increase your Endurance pool 
Find tomes or instructions manuals and take them to specific trainers
to learn new skills 
Choose your skills from skill categories (such as Tactical) containing
skills focused to a purpose 
Most openings are available only to a single character, but some are
available to all nearby characters 
Disciplines will be transferred to this new system 
Existing Discipline timers will be reviewed, and several will probably
be set to their own timer 
Disciplines will require an Endurance cost 
Hybrids will receive a limited Endurance pool for their disciplines 
There will be other changes as well. Keep your eyes on the Test server
and our update messages for more details as we move forward. 

This new system is much more flexible than the existing disciplines.
It will be relatively easy to add new combat skills, as well as new
skills that are not limited to openings. This system creates the
possibility for tremendous enhancement in the future, allowing groups
a large number of options when it comes to melee combat. 



