From -371702250646176402
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7fbb03a663efd735
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-05 21:24:43 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!novia!novia!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!news1.atlantic.net!not-for-mail
From: "Tukka Yoot" <tukka@atlantic.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <tueqd5ht6t6923@corp.supernews.com>
Subject: Re: Complete 100% Brand New Newbie
Lines: 111
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
Message-ID: <ypKF7.65$9O6.71548@news1.atlantic.net>
Date: Tue, 6 Nov 2001 00:23:34 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.208.77.196
X-Complaints-To: news@atlantic.net
X-Trace: news1.atlantic.net 1005023966 209.208.77.196 (Tue, 06 Nov 2001 00:19:26 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 06 Nov 2001 00:19:26 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:132797

"Orrin Kinion" <okinion@nospam.mindless.com> wrote in message
news:tueqd5ht6t6923@corp.supernews.com...
> I just bought the EQ Triology and had just a few questions.  I am very
> interested in the ShadowKnight class but I noticed the character creation
> screen said this was a difficult class to play.  I am really excited about
> EQ so I dont want to overwelm myself with a hard, complex class to start
> off, is the ShadowKnight really difficult to play?

  I think the main reason Shadow Knights are considered categorized as
"difficult" is because, as an "evil" class, they are disliked by many NPCs,
which means you can't just walk through the majority of good/neutral-type
towns and expect for all the merchants to sell to you.  In fact, you have to
expect that if you take a wrong turn, you'll find yourself face to face with
an angry paladin NPC who'll kill you in one blow. ;)  So travelling and
exploring is slightly more dangerous as a shadow knight.  Familiarity with
the towns you're attempting to navigate helps, since you know what parts of
town to avoid, and how to get from place to place as quickly as possible
without getting killed.  Invisibility spells can help, but shadow knights
don't learn any of them until higher levels.

  However, there is nothing really inherantly difficult about playing the
shadow knight class.  To begin with, they're your basic melee class, and you
don't have to trouble yourself with spells until level 9.  I think most
classes are pretty easy to "learn as you go", with the possible exception of
bards and enchanters.

>  Will I be able to play
> solo with a shadowknight (keep in mind I wont know how to do any of the
> advanced tactics like most)?

  Any class can solo up to level 10 or so pretty easily.  After that, it
starts getting iffy.  I'm not overly familiar with the SK class, but I do
know they're not really considered one of the prime soloing classes, but I
think they may be one of the better solo meleeing classes.  If you want to
solo through a large range of levels without having to utilize tactics which
are too complicated or difficult, I can personally "vouch" for necromancers
and druids in that regard.  I've soloed with both classes without a lot of
difficulty (though there's about a range between 14 and 19 where things were
a bit rough with the druid).  I've also had limited, yet positive
experiences with the magician class as far as soloing goes, but I realize
none of those are melee classes.

>  I basically want to play a fun class thats
> mostly melee with some spells and I need to be able to play solo for
awhile
> as I have no friends in EQ (yet?).

  Most people don't have friends in EQ to begin with. :)  And as I said,
every class can solo up to level 10 or so without a lot of trouble... and
hopefully by then, you've made a few friends or at least acquaintances you
can group with.

  I personally think highly of the ranger class for beginners.  My first
character was a wood elf ranger, and it was pretty positive.  Tracking is a
nice skill for newbies, since if you happen to get lost, you can just
attempt to track an NPC, like a guard and find your way home.  Rangers are
relatively well-liked by NPCs, you got decent melee skills as well as a nice
set of support spells and basic buffs.  You get one of your best spells,
snare, with your first set of spells at level 9.  I didn't play my ranger
past level 15 or so, so I don't really know how their soloing skills stack
up, but a pal of my in my old guild who was a ranger apparently did some
soloing up to level 35, so it can apparently be done with at least some
success, but rangers do a lot better in a group (as do most classes).  And
since I played my first ranger, they've been on the receiving end of a lot
of nice modications (removal of the godawful experience penalty, lowering of
their spell's mana costs, overall boosts in their skill caps and the ability
to learn the much-loved Spirit of Wolf spell at an earlier level).

>  Now one last question (sorry, I'm
> exicted here, hehe), I think this Firiona Vie server sounds like loads of
> fun, is this too much for a newbie?  If so, could anyone tell me what is
the
> newest non split server?  Thanks so much and if you have any wisdom to
pass
> on, I am all ears!

  I heartily recommend the Firiona Vie server if you care at all about
RPing.  Though I haven't had a chance to play on it yet (I stopped playing
EQ a few months ago, and won't be playing until I build my new PC in a
couple months), I'm really looking forward to doing so.  EQ is not really a
game designed to facilitate role-play, but being in a community of people
who play on a RP preferred server has to at least up your chances of
encountering someone open to roleplaying, and RP isn't really fun unless you
have other people to do it with.  When I first started playing, I was really
enthusiastic and excited about everything... exploring, learning stuff and
roleplaying.  I stayed in character basically at all times, because I
actually enjoyed it.  As time wore on and I got tired of basically NOBODY
responding to me in an even vaguely roleplayed manner, I just gave up on it.
A couple months after I started playing I gave up on it completely.  Maybe
if I'd been playing on Firiona Vie, the might not have been the case.

  Playing on the FV server is a little more difficult than a normal server,
though, because there is a language barrier.  I'd recommend playing one of
the human (erudite, barbarian, human, half-elf) races, or elven races (high
elf, wood elf, half-elf) because I think those two sets of races share a
language between them, though I could be wrong.  The fact that it's a new
server also does not make it much easier, because you have to "compete" with
a greater number of lower level characters.  Also, it's been my experience
that on older servers, the good "lowbie" gear is more easily obtained than
on more populated servers, which makes sense.  The longer a server's been
up, the more gear has been generated by the system, thus it is more readily
available second hand.

  Despite these difficulties, I'd say give Firiona Vie a shot to begin with,
and if you get frustrated by the language barrier, play on a more popular
server until you get a chance to learn the game a bit.

  Hope I helped a little, and I hope you enjoy your time in EQ. :)





