From -4599286039569182885
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,61246b309af7022f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-03-15 03:55:09 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Newbie Guild Question/Advice
Date: Sat, 15 Mar 2003 06:55:07 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3E73149B.9000700@stny.rr.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Win98; en-US; rv:1.0.2) Gecko/20030208 Netscape/7.02
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <PFOdnRqh_fKVTuyjXTWcrg@comcast.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 74
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:271543

Whizzn wrote:
> I was grouping with a great bunch of people in PC last night. It was one of
> those times when everything seemed to go right.  At the end of the evening,
> I was invited to apply to join a guild.  This is the first time this has
> happened and I was honored.

Well, right off the bat that says something good about them. Guilds who 
base there applicant policy on grouping with the people first and 
getting to know them are at least putting *some* thought into it and 
have a somewhat better chance of being full of good players. The one's 
you want to avoid like the plague are the ones with a guy shouting in 
/ooc that they need more people to join and the first five who answer 
can be officers, etc. Run like the wind from those.

> Why would a guild want such a newbie?  They would HAVE to teach me quite
> abit about general EQ things.

I'm not saying this in a negative way, mind you, but if they are 
recruiting you at 24, then they probably *are* a newbie guild, at least 
in terms of the level spread you'll find in there. I'm sure they are 
used to it. It will give them an opportunity to help you learn your way 
around, and give you many benefits in return.

> Would it not be better for me to grow/learn more on my own before joining a
> guild?

It's up to you and what you want out of the game. You will never know 
everything there is to know about Everquest. Never. You're always 
learning. (Providing you keep advancing and going to new areas, anyway.) 
  Being in a good guild will just speed that process up for you. 
However, you don't *have* to join. There are people who solo and do 
pickup groups through their entire EQ "career". That choice will limit 
them in terms of never being able to see certain end-game content which 
is only gotten to by high level raiding guilds, but it can be done.

> Isn't a guild a time demanding thing?  In a typical week, for a typical
> guild, about what amount of time would be required to do guild things?  I
> know this could vary, but, I'm just trying to get an idea of guild basics
> 101.

At your level, frankly, I'd be shocked if they raid at all. Guilds in 
the low levels tend to be more fun, family oriented, casual guilds who 
won't put any specific demands on you. If they do raid, then great. Good 
for you, may as well learn some of it early on. (Raiding is a whole 
'nother game, my friend. It's not easy or intuitive and takes a lot of 
work.) Odds are, your new guild is more a place where you can make 
friends, more easily obtain groups quickly, get help on quests that 
you'll need more people for, and have a social background for chatting 
and joking and fun while you play.

So the time commmitment shouldn't be an issue. Later on, assuming you 
continue to advance, the day will come when you will need to leave that 
little guild and move on to a larger raiding guild. (If you wish to get 
into any seriously high level stuff.) When that day comes, there may 
well be a time commitment required and you'll have to weigh that in your 
decision when you cross that bridge. Some guilds will insist you make 
"x" number of raids per week. And raids at that level can be Looooooong. 
(Think in terms of five hours or so sometimes being a "short" raid, with 
some requiring a whole weekend done in shifts.)

> I work during the day (duhhh..) and can only play in the evenings. Wouldn't
> this hamper my membership requirements since I couldn't participate in
> daytime activities?

Just make sure the guild in question is mostly composed of people in or 
near the same time zone as yourself and you shouldn't have problems. 
Most people *do* work, or have school, or whatever daily commitments 
they have. Few people can truly play non-stop. However, if you are in 
California and they are all in Europe, you may find that most of them 
are on and playing at the wrong hours for you, so that wouldn't be a 
good match.
-- 
"Would you care for a sammich?"



