From 1920819445708709672
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,fac168b74264289
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-01-07 04:06:12 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!cyclone-sjo1.usenetserver.com!gestalt.direcpc.com!news-out.usenetserver.com!newscon06.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!newsmst01!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!not-for-mail
From: Tukka Yoot <tukka@prodigy.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: About a FAQ
Date: Sun, 07 Jan 2001 06:58:52 -0500
Organization: Prodigy http://www.prodigy.com
Lines: 153
Message-ID: <3A5859FC.C143C2D0@prodigy.net>
References: <3a5759ca@news.iprimus.com.au> <O6M56.12717$wJ2.59756@newsr1.maine.rr.com> <3a57b8f6$1@news.iprimus.com.au> <V5Q56.12731$wJ2.60431@newsr1.maine.rr.com> <dCR56.23344$7.984070@quark.idirect.com> <LLR56.12736$wJ2.60567@newsr1.maine.rr.com> <3a57f0c9$1@news.iprimus.com.au> <3A5837E0.99A7E21C@prodigy.net> <3a584064$1@news.iprimus.com.au>
NNTP-Posting-Host: nas-233-62.orlando-t.navipath.net
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Trace: newssvr05-en0.news.prodigy.com 978868778 2758637 64.20.233.62 (7 Jan 2001 11:59:38 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
NNTP-Posting-Date: 7 Jan 2001 11:59:38 GMT
X-Accept-Language:  en,ja
X-Mailer:  Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:38022

> >And then there would be questions like, "What's the deal with
> >barbarians?" and "What are necromancers like?" where there's a
> >description of the class, their strengths, weaknesses and other
> >miscellaneous information.
> 
> I think these questions can be directed to one of the websites, or even to
> the newsgroup. The FAQ should contain, as far as is possible, facts rather
> than opinions.

  Yeah, perhaps that's true.  Some newsgroup FAQs are pretty
all-encompassing, even if there are numerous web sites available that
cover the same information, but perhaps that's not necessarily for the
best.
  Here are some questions I can think of that I hear pretty often on
this newsgroup (in no particular order):

Q: How do I make a hotkey?
A: Run the tutorial.exe program in your EverQuest directory.  It covers
many of the basics of the game, including the creation of hotkeys.  The
user interface of the actual game is somewhat enhanced from the
interface in the tutorial program, but is similar enough that you should
be able to make the transition easily.

Q: How do I make a spell a hotkey?
A: Run the tutorial.exe program in your EverQuest directory.  It covers
many of the basics of the game, including the creation of spell
hotkeys.  The user interface of the actual game is somewhat enhanced
from the interface in the tutorial program, but is similar enough that
you should be able to make the transition easily.

Q: What is a social?
A: Making a social allows you to execute line commands and say
predefined phrases with a single keystroke.

Q: How do I make a social?
A: On the main screen, press the Socials button.  Several buttons will
appear with pre-made social key commands.  You can edit a hotkey by
right-clicking it.  To edit a line of a social, just click it and start
typing.  You can edit the name of the social in the same manner.  When
you finish, you can make your social into a hotkey.  When you activate
the social, it will execute whatever you typed in on the lines of the
social key.  For example, you can make a social that looks like this:

/afk
/groupsay I'm going away from keyboard for a sec, guys.

  And if you activated this social key, it would flag you AFK, and you'd
tell your group "I'm going away from keyboard for a second, guys."

Any "line command" (command that starts with a slash) can be used in a
social.  There are even a few commands that are specifically intended
for use in socials.  For more information on these commands and others,
read the eqmanual_supplement.doc in your EverQuest directory.

Q: Is there any way for me to change the deity I worship, or to become
Agnostic?
A: No, sorry.  The only way you can "change" your deity is to delete
your character and start over.

Q: What is this "Tome of Order and Discord" book I have in my
inventory?  What should I do with it?
A: Destroy it immediately.  If you give this book to the Priest of
Discord (there is a Priest of Discord in or nearby any city that you can
start off in) then you will join the ranks of "Discord"... you become a
"player killer."

Q: Well, what if I want to be a player killer?
A: Becoming a player killer has great consequences that you may not be
completely understanding of by reading the tome.  A player killer can
kill other player killers, but cannot kill or be killed by non-player
killers (with the exception of in a duel.)  Also, and more importantly,
if you are a player killer, you will NOT be able to receive most forms
of aid from other players, nor will you be able to aid them.  This means
that you cannot be healed or "buffed" by anybody who is not a player
killer.  Since more than 99% of the players on normal servers are not
player killers this totally ruins your ability to get in a group beyond
level 15 or so.  If you want to be a player killer, play on a PvP
server.

Q: Oops!  I gave the priest of discord the book, without fully
understanding the consequences.  Is there any way I can undo my
decision.
A: Yes, but honestly you may be better of just starting over.  Use the
/petition command and explain that you do not want to be a playerkiller
any longer.  After a wait (probably a very long wait) a GM will come to
you, probably in the form of the "Priest of Order" and assign you a
quest that is "appropriate for your level" to undo your player killer
status.  By most accounts, the quests that are assigned by the Priest of
Order are obscenely difficult and will take quite a bit of time and
effort to complete.  It's better than nothing, however, and you may luck
out and get a relatively easy quest.  I wouldn't bet on it though.

Q: What are these expansions I keep hearing about?
A: There have been two expansion packs to EverQuest so far, the Ruins of
Kunark, and the Scars of Velious.

Q: What is the Ruins of Kunark?
A: The Ruins of Kunark was the first EverQuest expansion to be
released.  This expansion included a new continent with many new zones
to adventure in, lots of new dungeons, items, mobs, quests and spells,
and also included a new playable race of characters, the Iksar
lizardmen.  People with this expansion also were allowed to advance
beyond level 50 (up to level 60,) which was previously impossible. 
People without Kunark could buy an expansion pack only for about $20,
but it also along with the original EverQuest game for around $40.  This
way, new EverQuest players could buy both the "base" EverQuest game, and
the expansion at once.

Q: What is the Scars of Velious?
A: The Scars of Velious is an expansion similar to the Ruins of Kunark,
including another new continent with new zones, dungeons, items, mobs,
quests, spells, level 60 cap, ect. but it is geared towards higher level
players (level 30+) and does not include a new playable race, and is not
available with the "base" EverQuest game.  You must own EverQuest before
you can play Scars of Velious, but you do not need the Ruins of Kunark. 
The Scars of Velious does not include the Ruins of Kunark.  This
expansion also includes some upgrades to the user interface.  It retails
for about $20.

Q: I want to transfer one character from one EverQuest account I have to
another.  Can I do this, and if so, how?
A: No, sorry.  Verant does not allow this, partially to discourage from
selling their characters using services such as eBay.

Q: How do I alt+tab out of EverQuest and return to the game?  It would
really be helpful if I could use Notepad or the web while I'm playing.
A: Unfortunately, in an effort to make it more difficult for somebody to
hack their client software, Verant has disabled effective alt+tabbing in
EverQuest.  It is possible to Alt+Tab out of EverQuest (as you may
discover if you accidentally do so), but it is impossible to get back
into the game.

Q: How do I change the colors of the text?
A: See the eqmanual_supplement.doc file in your EverQuest directory. 
There are programs designed to make it easier to edit these colors and
other options.  My favorite one can be found here:
http://trafficblast.com/eqclient/ and the one everybody else seems to
like is here: http://www.cws.org/~pasketti/eqini.html.

Q: Where can I get an up-to-date list of commands and/or emotes?
A: Try the eqmanual_supplement.doc file in your EverQuest directory.

Q: What are all these abbreviations and acronyms?  What does it all
mean?
A: ...

  I'm getting tired so I'll stop there for now.  But for that last
question, I would recommend that the FAQ include some of the most common
abbreviations and acronyms (including general Internet acronyms) but not
go into too much depth, and include a link to
http://amtgard.pinkpig.com/everquest/eqglossary.htm or a similar site.
  Use any of these questions or answers, or use them and change them, or
use none of 'em, I don't care.  Just trying to help. :)


