From -6502597039010256053
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b57c67b13cb93de0,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: mike@mikeshea.net (Mike Shea)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 35: The Tower of Ro
Date: 1 Jun 2004 13:24:58 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 105
Message-ID: <f4b815e0.0406011224.46af164c@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.160.51.70
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1086121499 31950 127.0.0.1 (1 Jun 2004 20:24:59 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 1 Jun 2004 20:24:59 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:4481

Tales of Loral

Chapter 35: The Tower of Ro

It was three hundred and fifty years before the Age of Wonder and
Tunaria burned. Tarlin and his band of fifty rangers marched solemnly
but quickly through Kithicor on their way north to Telethin. They
could already see the red smoke in the sky. Fayspires was on fire.
They stepped out onto what was once rich and grassy lands but now was
lifeless rock and ash. It was on these burnt lands that the elves
faced Solusek's demons.

They felt the ground rumble under their feet and the air filled with
waves of heat as a massive form approached. Grezou came upon them on
twenty foot wings, his body rippling with muscles and smoking with an
internal flame. He opened his clawed hand and a cone of fire
incinerated two of Tarlin's companions. Holding their ground, the
other rangers raised their bows and fired waves of arrows enchanted
with ice. Steam rose from a dozen wounds but the red demon was not
finished.

Sixteen more companions were killed before the beast was sent back to
the Plane of Fire. While the troops regrouped and mended their
horrible burns, Tarlin stood on a charred hill overlooking the valley
that had once been Telethin. He brushed away a dirty lock of blonde
hair that stuck to the grime and sweat of his brow. Large red shapes
dotted the once lush countryside that was now a wasteland of ash.
Tarlin's heart sank. Two hundred more demons remained. It was Takish
Hiz all over again.

The Planes were alien to Loral in every way. For a year he had
traveled the planes and he felt himself changing mentally and
physically. His armor had shifted around him changing hue from deep
blue to gold. His summoned hammer, Daninulaer the Wraithsbane, pulsed
with life in his hand. Loral felt his grasp on the physical laws of
nature slip the further he traveled into the Planes. His time in the
Tower of Solusek Ro was no exception.

Giant stone walkways stood suspended over huge chasms of lava.
Hallways forged from thousands of tons of iron twisted and turned
throughout the demonic lair. Teleportation crystals sent the
Norrathian adventurers deeper into the tower, removing all sense of
bearing and navigation. There was nowhere to travel but up, further
into the hands of the Burning Prince. Loral caught a glimpse through a
crack in the wall of the outside world. He became dizzy when he saw
the ocean of lava that surrounded the black tower for hundreds of
miles. His mind cleared when he heard the attack of the first of
Solusek Ro's guardians.

The demon Xuzl sat within his black hall and waited. For six hundred
years, he had remained within the giant iron tower of Solusek Ro,
rising like a black needle in the center of the Plane of Fire. After
six hundred years, he remembered the taste of mortals. Although he
would now face mortals again, it was not on their land. It was on his
own.

Xuzl stood to his full twenty four foot height and stretched his giant
wings to the edges of his hall. Outside he could hear his minions in
battle. The clash of steel and the blasts of flame flashed through his
doorway. Soon the intruders entered. He recognized their races from
his short stay on Norrath. All the races were represented, it seemed,
armed and armored with great treasures to fill his vaults and arm his
own troops. Xuzl was not a stupid creature, however. He knew that no
ordinary mortals could penetrate this deep into the tower of the elder
god, Solusek Ro. He knew the strength of the guardians these
adventurers had defeated.

Two green eyes suspended in blackness were the first signs of this
mighty foe the mortals glimpsed. Then the room exploded into orange
light as walls of fire roared to life. Xuzl raised his claw into the
air sending waves of fire through the war party. Only the protective
magics of their druids saved them from the searing heat. Loral ducked
behind his shield and felt the enchanted steel melt under the waves of
flame. The adventurers returned the attack firing dozens of enchanted
arrows and magical spears of ice onto the beast. Xuzl's own protective
magics stopped many of the attacks, but some pierced his thick hide.

Any conversations among the minions of Solusek Ro's tower ceased when
they heard the roar of Xuzl. A demon among demons, none dared to
challenge the creature. He was one of the five guardians of the
Burning Prince himself and kept company only with those he commanded.
To hear the beast's cry of agony and rage put fear into the mightiest
of Solusek's guardians.

The smouldering corpse of Xuzl lay on the stone platform of his lair.
His mouth was twisted in agony and anger, bearing horrible fangs.
Loral eyes were fixed on the slain demon. Many such creatures remained
but for a party of mortals to enter the realm of Solusek himself and
defeat such a foe was incredible. Loral felt a twinge of doubt and
trouble within the back of his mind.

Binedina stepped forward and handed Loral a round silver shield found
in the demon's treasures. Loral dropped his own ruined shield and
slipped this new one onto his arm. The roar of Xuzl's final death
echoed within Loral's ears and the circular shield blazed with fire
and then grew still. A powerful item indeed, Loral thought, and bowed
to thank Binedina for her generosity. She smiled in return and the war
party moved on.

Within the highest spire of the tower, at the tip of the spike within
the world of lava, Solusek Ro stood. There was a threat within his
home. His demonic sentinel had been killed. Solusek Ro summoned his
remaining guardians close and ordered the remaining four sentinels to
stand ready. Solusek, the Burning Prince, felt a sensation he hadn't
felt for a thousand years - Fear.


