From -4605465146621451621
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c46d36cd702d33b3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-05 06:45:11 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.slurp.net!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3C0E334E.CB93F3C4@serv.net>
From: Gregory Gadow <techbear@serv.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.78 [en] (Windows NT 5.0; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Some things Verant could do right
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Organization: Ye 'Ol Disorganized NNTPCache groupie
Cache-Post-Path: dns2.serv.net!unknown@gonzalo.kms.com
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.4.0b2 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
Lines: 89
Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2001 06:46:39 -0800
NNTP-Posting-Host: 199.201.191.2
X-Trace: newsfeed.slurp.net 1007563510 199.201.191.2 (Wed, 05 Dec 2001 08:45:10 CST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2001 08:45:10 CST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:142227

The threads regarding Dark Ages of Camelot have been
interesting. I've kept my EQ account to see what changes
would be released with SoL and I'm planning on buying the
expansion (not yet; I've learned from EQ's other two
expansions to wait at least two months for post beta fixes)
but, over all, I find DAoC much more enjoyable for my style
of game play.

One of the biggest reasons really has little to do with the
game itself; it is the company, Mythic, which has designed
and maintains the game. Their way of dealing with issues is
fundamentally different from the methods used by Verant
Interactive and, IMO, far better. Two examples, out of many,
come to mind.

In Hibernia, there is a critter called a parthenan: about
level 17, disease caster, agressive and easy to overpull.
They are attracted to grain and fresh vegetables, which is
why they spawn at Hibernia's farms. However, they are a
fairly easy mob (in a group) for level 15 characters and the
loot is pretty good; thus they are generally perma-camped
(just the humor of "farming" the parths at a farm earns
extra points for Mythic.) Perma-camping is frowned upon in
the general game design. Mythic's solution, implemented a
few weeks ago, was to set it up so that if enough parths
were about to spawn (ie, there are enough being killed fast
enough), there is a chance they will "join together" and
spawn as a single, giant parthenan, about level 30, with
some even more nasty attacks. If left alone, it will despawn
in about 15 minutes and the farming can continue. Two
possible courses: the players can easily wait it out, or
gang up on it; for a level 30 mob, it is a very easy kill
and gives level 30 experience. The result has been that
every player there will gang up and take it down. In fact,
nowadays if you take a spot at the edge of the field,
someone will probably contact you and say, "Let's group
together if the big one shows up." Mythic's game design
*encourages* this behavior, because bigger groups get a
significant bonus for grouping, and even if you are not in a
group you can still get some XP by doing damage or healing
combatants. Diversion from the grind, a chance to group with
others you probably would not have talked to otherwise, some
experience if you want it and, at the very least, a chance
to take a break without much danger or loss of time. A win
situation for everyone that remains true to the vision.

How would Verant have handled this? By making the parths
much tougher to kill, by making them rarer spawns, by
decreasing the loot they drop and/or by making them just
plain more fatal. Or, more likely, Verant would have ignored
the issue and encouraged kill stealing and perma-camping.

Another example of Mythic's cleverness. With the recent
patch, the realm points earned during RvR (realm vs. realm;
given instead of experience) have become more valuable,
meaning far more RvR will be occuring. But now, it seems
that every RvR death on the frontier has a chance of
spawning a roaming monster: the unquiet spirit of a warrior
slain in combat. It will be friendly to players of their own
realm, but a threat to others. If I were to die in RvR in my
own frontier (Hibernia), there is a chance my death might
spawn an Undead Hibernian Defender. If I die in RvR in
someone elses frontier, I might spawn an Undead Hibernian
Invader. We haven't figured out all the details yet: if a
spawn is to occur, how long is the wait (ie, how long until
a battlefield becomes overrun with ghosts?) Will it be the
same class/level as the person who triggered it, or is it a
generic mob with no real relation to the person who died? It
is already known that they count as RvR (ie, if killed by an
undead invader or defender, you do not loose experience
points and you do not leave a grave) but killing them gives
you no realm points; they are a hazard, not a goal. A very
clever, very creative way to add to the challenge and deal
with perma-camping battlefields without nerfing anything.

How would Verant have handled the issue? By adding xp loss
to RvR, by increasing the number of wandering mobs that
WOULD lead to xp loss, by making defending NPCs spawn much
faster (they are pretty high level and very tough), by
making it much more difficult to get to the frontier in the
first place.

If for no other reason, Mythic makes DAoC a far more
enjoyable game than VI does Everquest.
--
Gregory Gadow
techbear@serv.net




