From 7207612453127643984
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ea6d666df7237555
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-06-18 09:35:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Forinthir" <Forinthir@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: (long) Re: Is there any role playing in mmorpg's?
Date: Wed, 18 Jun 2003 09:35:14 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <vf156e14cln185@corp.supernews.com>
References: <3EF00090.8010505@yahoo.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 78
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:288735


"DarkSaint" <britainsfinest_99@yahoo.com> wrote in message
news:3EF00090.8010505@yahoo.com...
> This isn't a Everquest question but I'm going to be getting a new
> computer soon and plan on getting back into mmorpg's. But I actually
> like to role play. I'm not a player that plays just to level up. I was
> just wondering if there are any real role players on any of the
> mmorpg's? I don't remember ever meeting any in Everquest or Asherons
> Call. Well I did meet a few on AC but I lost track of them. The only
> mmorpg that really had a good amount of role players was Ultima Online
> but I'm looking for something more current. So now I notived there are
> alot more mmorpg's and more are too come. Is there hope for me or should
> I just stick with the book old paper and pencil with my buds for role
> playing?
>
As mentioned in the other replies, it's what you put into it. I always
roleplay my chars...sometimes with others, sometimes completely solo. Dive
into their poly skin and live it! Howger (main) is a barbarian beastlord who
often roams and explores just to see and learn the land. No exp, no
interaction, just serenity. I appreciate the work the programmers put into
the terrain and edifices. Sometimes Howger just comes to tie flies and fish,
or maybe hunt for fur and practice tailoring. Other times he helps newcomers
around Everfrost as a guide (for those without maps), or he'll swap tales
with old friends around the fires. And sometimes he'll find the rage and
hunt down the unjust in Norrath. Why'd I tell you all that? You see, it
depends on my mood of where I want to go when I log in.

So yes, there is roleplaying on EQ. I've met plenty of chars who have become
online friends because of mutual roleplaying. Some have even started to
roleplay because of the flavor it gives. If you get irritated by ooc chat,
ignore or filter it out. Speak in your race's language (Howger only speaks
barbarian when in EF). Don't group with racial tension chars. Talk to NPCs
(Howger's madly in love with Megan O'Reilly in EF). Hang out in bars and buy
people drinks. Avoid the pun named characters if they bother you. All in
all, the player writes his internal program for the PC, EQ doesn't.

I've also found that if you stay in character in /say, /guildsay, and /gsay
while using /tell for ooc communication, your reputation as a roleplayer
gets established. On the whole, I've met more players who enjoy the
roleplayer than not. This doesn't mean they roleplay, but they enjoy your
contribution. I've an online friend who is roleplaying now due to his
friendship with a small group of us. He started with "thees & thous" then
discovered his character's speach habits. Now he's added a great description
to his inspection box and has even developed a story for his character
giving him an objective. He's now in character most of the time and grouping
with us constantly...not for the xp, but for the fun.

There are also hack-n-slashers who will not roleplay but enjoy your company.
Play with them for group xp. Stay in character and be confused with their
ooc. It's a great test!

But wait! What about a character that has tensions with the races of some RL
or OL friends' characters? Sceth (alt) is a troll shadowknight who hunts
with a dark elven enchantress. No problem since he can deal with them and
ogres, but that's it. A friend created a half-elf ranger and wanted to play
with us. He's just gotten into roleplaying so we tried to figure out how to
incorporate him into the group. He did it fine. His family was murdered and
a dark race was suspect. Perhaps we might know. How does Sceth deal with it?
He will help the ranger find his family just to see the look on his face
when he sees the mutilated bodies. "Ranger sad dey die?" "Aye, very sad
troll." "Gud, Sceth like when you sad. Like better when you bleed." This
banter goes on everynight with much enjoyment. I've decided that the troll
might join others in a group (trolls xp slowly, so any group helps) just to
see them get hurt or maybe die. More pain for others, more enjoyment for
Sceth (mind you, I don't purposefully put the group in harm's way, I just rp
that philosophy).

OK, there's my point-of-view. When I started EQ, I was a little discouraged
at all the Sir Bunnyhuggers and Billblow Baggends out there. But by
programming my play style and meeting others who prefer it (I've only about
15 solid roleplaying online friends right now), the game has become
nostalgic of my AD&D sessions of yesteryear (25 years ago!).

As to Firona Vie server, I've been on it and found it lacking. Pun names
running around, ooc shouts, etc. Not much different than some other servers.
But I may have been in the wrong area.




