From -4855314460696058424
X-Google-Thread: fb739,69e73ccc4e90d4c6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!newsfeed3.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!easynews-local!news.easynews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Nekofrog <voramyr@suckmyspam.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Everquest 2 Character Creation rundown..
Message-ID: <vrg0g0lve9qpecgech8tor9dha33kl1d1a@4ax.com>
References: <k080g01q3lseb00cu9k7vs9uu490276kmm@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.93/32.576 English (American)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 70
X-Complaints-To: abuse@easynews.com
Organization: EasyNews, UseNet made Easy!
X-Complaints-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
Date: Thu, 22 Jul 2004 23:15:37 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:10623

On Thu, 22 Jul 2004 20:21:06 GMT, Nekofrog <voramyr@suckmyspam.com>
wrote:

Additional:

ERUDITE:
Working with the Erudite, I can't help but (again) be dissapointed. I
liked EQ's erudites much better; the ones in EQ2 seem almost
alien-like. Firstly, your glyph color is linked directly with your eye
color; they cannot be different. You do have the option of not having
any glyphs. There are a total of 11 glyph options, but I doubt many
people will use most of them, as only 2 or 3 look good.

The skin color of the Erudite can vary from dark brown, to almost pure
white, close to black, and all in between. Erudites cannot have any
hair; not even the females (another huge dissapointment).

KERRAS:
The differences between Kerras and Vah Shir are noticable almost
immediately; Kerras are far more bulky and more feral-like than the
Vah Shir. You can have 7 different fur patterns for the Vah Shir
(Ocelot, Calico, Cheetah, Lion, Lynx, Hybrid, Tiger), each look
different from one another (though, the Calico looks really ugly). 

The female Kerras are infinitely more femenine than the female Vah
Shir of EQ; they have a defined female figure and form. Furries,
beware, you will fall in love with them.

HUMANS:
Humans are very interesting. The screenshots we've seen of humans
being very disproportionate (ie, legs too short) hold true here. While
it seems like they tried to iron that issue out, there's still just
something about their appearence that doesn't LOOK right.

Male humans have 17 options for hairstyles, almost all quite unique
from each other. Unfortunately, the only long-hair style is still
really short, a dissapointment especially to me (I have long, bootiful
hair). There are 8 options for facial hair, and unfortunately, facial
hair also means your eyebrows. Some facial hair looks really great,
until you notice that it also made your eyebrows HUMUNGOUSLY bushy,
making your character look a tad buffoonish.

You are able to set the age of a human, though the slider makes very
little difference, and I doubt many will make much use of it. 

With female humans, you can have a bit of fun clicking "randomize all"
to see just how ugly the generator will make your character; this
thing spits out some TRULY haggy-looking women. 

HALF-ELF:
The first thing that happened when I clicked on the half-elf, the
generator generated a punk rocker. I'm not joking. Streaked hair,
piercings, the "punk rock" sneer, dead on. 

Along with 13 different hair styles, half-elves get "accessories", the
piercings mentioned above. There are 10 of those. Again, there is an
extreme lack of long hair here, almost all of it is tied up, or wisped
around in a punk-rock fashion. Almost all of the hair options makes it
look as if her hair can be used as a spiked weapon itself. For males,
you can easily make an exact replica of Keith Flint.

You cannot change the age of any of the elves.

A quickie on wood-elves, their hairstyles are numerous in a
lolita-orientation, moreso than any other race. Almost all the women
look like they're 12-16, and.. er... sluts. That's not a surprise,
though, considering it's a fantasy-themed game. It's just
unfortunately that the designers would take that route.

More later.


