From -8200732209048024602
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e3257df797d0aacf
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-08-14 08:28:12 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!newsfeed.earthlink.net!newsfeed.news2me.com!newsfeed2.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!easynews-local!news.easynews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Reality <reality@truthhurts.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: * RETRACTION: Damn Kiddie Porn Stalker on Sol Ro Server
Message-ID: <bkanjv40n12hc1l5g3doktvfp4mvn9gq2t@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.93/32.576 English (American)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 54
X-Complaints-To: abuse@easynews.com
Organization: EasyNews, UseNet made Easy!
X-Complaints-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
Date: Thu, 14 Aug 2003 15:27:06 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:296861

The assumption I made that Anomsuth / Tobais might have something to
do with kiddie porn is FALSE.   Also, he is no more of a stalker than
I am.  I do publicly apologize for the accusations to Anomsuth /
Tobais.  

The reason I made this post was to give Anomsuth / Tobais a taste of
his own medicine to see how it feels to haphazardly be called a
stalker in EQ or otherwise.  It is true that this was a real life
friendship that started off great and slowly went sour due to personal
issue on both parts.  I have been nothing less than hurt, sad,
frustrated, disappointed, and regretful over the last 3 months since
this friendship abruptly ended.  When I asked him why, all he said was
that "he doesn't need a reason why" and is always negative and angry
when he speaks to me. 

On Tuesday, both he and I had characters levelling in different groups
in Dreadlands and KC.  I brought one of my higher level characters to
the zone to buff any group I was in.  I saw that he was in a group
across the hall and as a kind gesture, I buffed him and that group.
Nothing was said until I buffed the second time and he and his
business partner Escoses started yelling in shout that I was a
stalker.  People in the zone were wondering what they were yelling
about.  One time they just randomly yelled that I was a stalker
without any reason at all.  I wasn't even near their group.  I was
very respectful in trying to talk to them and they responded with
hateful accusations and comments.  Yelling that I was a stalker is
just plain wrong.  The only reason they did it is because they have
done it before and know I don't like it and that it's not true.  What
they did was wrong, yet they just keep yelling it out thinking they
can get away with it.

Me making the original post here was wrong.   I wanted to give this
individual a taste of what it feels like to be labelled a stalker.
Some people may think that because he is 58 years old that he is above
such behavior, but yelling that someone is a stalker in "Shout" is a
serious accusation, especially if they were once your friend and
considered a "buddy" by that person.  I could easily report or sue him
for what he's done just as well.  Yet, I'm just trying to explain the
reason behind what I did here, even if it turned out to be the lesser
and wrong path to take to solve this issue.

We are both upset because we know so much about each other...more than
your average EQ player.  I ask that this individual not make anymore
of the same accusations in shout or otherwise.  I found out that he
has already given my personal information to several other people
while I have kept his personal information private out of respect for
the casual friendship we had from Jan 2002 to May 2003.

Again,  Anomsuth / Tobais is NOT a "kiddie porn stalker".  I an also
not a stalker and hope that he and I both can let those accusations go
and move on without anymore hurt on both sides...


Reality


