From -8264800133467454833
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,986830a4d92adc67,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-05 04:31:47 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newsswitch.lcs.mit.edu!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.104.MISMATCH!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3EB64B9B.4F9A501A@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Puller, Slower, MA, Healer... are you sure grouping and soloing are 
 different things?
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 121
Date: Mon, 05 May 2003 11:34:21 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.98
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1052134461 66.109.254.98 (Mon, 05 May 2003 07:34:21 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 05 May 2003 07:34:21 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:280425

I was happily soloing my way thru the levels in Paladul when a
plaintive cry went out for a healer in B1.  I laughingly /ooc'd
If only shaman were a healer class! and kept on keeping the Fiend
population down.

Then I started getting tells from various members of B1.  After
some conversation I agreed to come do my best as a healer
temporarily, just until a cleric or druid showed up so I could go
back to soloing.

Group was enchanter, monk, ranger, mage, and me.  After a little
discussion we went with monk MA and me pulling.  This was work,
but not all that onerous, I had to chain heal sometimes, and this
got me aggro off adds but I just tank mezzed them, channeling
heals as needed; needed a lot fewer heals while doing this, since
we didn't have 3 mobs on the monk MA.  I wasn't particularly
getting hurt.

Then we got trained; 2 fiends and 4 bandits added to the 3
bandits we were already on.  A lot of heals were thrown out in
all directions, gradually all the mobs were on me and I was
healing myself.  The enchanter said in group that I should run,
but my SOW had run out long since, and with no Run 3 or SOW,
there was no chance of me making a zone line, particularly as
most of the mobs clustering around me were backstabbers!
Besides, by now two were dead and channeling those self heals was
getting easier.  The chain healing also did a great job of
keeping them all on me.  I got down as low as 10% HP at the peak,
and back up to 50% HP before I stopped healing and started
meleeing.

Shortly after this, the monk had to run off to train skills.  Now
the ranger took his turn as MA, since he had a high level HP buff
putting his total at over a K HP.  Again, this worked decently
enough, although I was throwing out a fair number of heals, I had
mana and time to spare for experimenting with DOTs and short term
buffs and so forth.

Then the ranger's HP buff faded, and he started taking a serious
beating.  After a few of these, I pointed out that my HP was
911... and then buffed up to 931.  I talked them into trying me
as puller.

This worked much better, I pulled with a variety of spells,
generally got all the mobs on me with the ranger and mage
assisting; only problems were the mage or enchanter getting
aggro; I had no taunt per se.  We assigned the ranger to "get it
off me" duty and that worked out pretty well.  I was spending a
lot less time and mana healing, particularly after I started
pulling with Walking Sleep and casting it on all adds; I was
healing myself once every 2 or three pulls.

Then someone came in camp and asked for a cure disease, so I
cured him, and then myself, I'd been fighting for an hour with
Crud on without noticing.  After this, things improved even
more.  When the monk came back I just kept pulling and MAing, now
we were clearing the camp plus Yelloweyes and the two outlying
bandits near the lake shore.

We did have two deaths from this, once the ranger somehow pulled
Yelloweyes, I wasn't watching his HP much since the bandits were
on me and were really under control, by the time I realized he
was plummetting, my heal was too late.  Another time, the
enchanter was moving for position and aggroed a tent full of mobs
while I had 4 on me.  I saw her HP going (and she asked for help)
and landed one heal, but this wasn't enough, and I wasn't able to
channel more fast enough to keep her alive till the mobs peeled
off her (I think low HP aggro kept them from going to me on the
basis of the heal)

KEI faded eventually, so I got a breeze from the chanter.  Now
there was a slow but steady decline to my mana bar because I was
never sitting except during brief periods when we'd cleared the
camp out.  Eventually the chanter left, and when breeze faded
there was a more marked decline, but we got a cleric healer and I
started pulling with my Regent Symbol; the camp was broken so we
only got in ones and twos, which I could tank unslowed well
enough.  I still declined noticably, but had already given my
notice I was going to log soon, so I hung in there and kept
pulling till I was nearly OOM.

Went from 19 to 22 over the course of the couple hours.

Why post this?  Well for one thing "Booya!  I r roxxor!" comes to
mind, just to crow.

But also some thoughts.  Some of this was due to equipment; I
deliberately purchased HP gear, nothing outrageous, but almost
every inch of my body is covered with something of 10 or 20 hp or
more; combined with being a troll shaman who put half his
starting points into STA, I have an unbuffed HP of 911.  I also
have troll regen plus an Iksar Ceremonial Chestplate, such that
at my level, my HP bar visibly edges up about as fast as my mana
bar.  I also had levels on these guys; they were dinging 17 and
18 and 19 as we fought.

Still, this doesn't completely account for it.  I'm wondering
what else was going on.  One thing I think, the enchanter wasn't
slowing perhaps.  She certainly wasn't mezzing (most of the
messes I described would easily have been cured by mezzing all
adds, in the post 50 groups which are most of my cleric's
remembered grouping experience none of them would have been
particularly out of hand) and I'm not altogether clear what she
was doing.  At any rate when I "took over slowing" to help get
and keep aggro I started taking a good deal less damage.

Another might be AC.  I generally think of AC as a joke, but
perhaps mine is high enough that it makes a difference against
the mobs compared to what the ranger or monk were wearing.  I
didn't deliberately buy AC but most of my gear has a decent
amount on it for a chain class.

Another thought is that my defense and dodge are capped out from
tank soloing thru the levels; perhaps the ranger and monk have
adopted traditional group roles and neglected the "getting beat
on" skills.

Any thoughts?

Paax, 22 shaman, Morel Thule



