From 2591057676895292901
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8604041d87af8d42
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: EQ Is dead and I told you so :P
Date: Fri, 14 May 2004 12:46:52 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10aa8esmu1snm2e@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <rx2pc.38137$TT.27295@news-server.bigpond.net.au> <40A4F9BD.69E218CE@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 59
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:2260


"Annie Benson-Lennaman" <teapray@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com> wrote in message
news:40A4F9BD.69E218CE@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com...

> Expanding timesinks is what they should have done?  Again, you are free
> to think whatever you want.  Brad Quaid is working on a new MMORPG I've
> heard, perhaps it will have all the controversial parts of the Vision
> intact that you seem to enjoy so much.

Yep, the market reaction to Vanguard will be telling. As self-confident as
Brad may be, I bet there's a voice inside of him somewhere wondering if the
dominance of EQ was a fluke based on having a good game ready to go at the
right time despite flaws in its initial vision, or if this vision really was
at the heart of the success. So here's his chance to find out.

> Personally, I don't think that EQ is dead at all, nor will it be for
> quite some while.  But it is going through a period of turmoil right now,
> and the management at SOE is making decisions that are compounding it
> rather than reducing it.

What scares me is illustrated by a conversation I had yesterday with the
sales manager at my local EBX. This guy was telling me that Star Wars
Galaxies is still flying off the shelves and is, in his view, a license to
print money despite what he said was the consensus among his customers that
the game wasn't much fun. Those of you who have actually played this thing
and wondered what happened to the G that was supposed to accompany the MMO,
keep in mind that the Creative Director on that project was promoted shortly
after release to be Creative Director for all of SOE, which presumably means
EQ and EQ2. The guy apparently did an admirable job for Sony shareholders
and will undoubtedly try to continue these successes in his new position.
But the formula for financial success that catapulted SWG into becoming a
mint doesn't necessarily support fun game play, this is evident from the SWG
experience. So I think there's reason to be real skeptical that things are
going to get better for gamers in SOE as those formulas begin working their
way into the rest of the SOE gaming worlds. Things may be getting better for
Sony shareholders, but for gamers? Dunno about that, we'll see.

> I think that is would be fair to say that SOE is getting
> good at giving the impression that they are more interested right now in
> squeezing every possible cent out of their player base rather than
> delivering a quality, or even playable game.

This may actually be the charge given to the EQ team, given potential
internal scenarios predicting a decline in EQ activity due to both longevity
and the introduction of EQ2. I always wondered how they were going to
position these two without cannibalizing one or the other, a problem that
EA/Origin faced with UO/UO2. Maybe they've just concluded that EQ has a
finite shelf life that is starting to diminish and the job at hand is to
milk it while they can.

-- 
Bob Perez

"Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they
quit playing."
- Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes





