From 2750194739206693963
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cd68c52db48da23e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: plane of knowledge from qeynos to freeport ?
Date: Tue, 8 Jun 2004 16:36:25 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10ccj8r8se0jg4e@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <7c6cc01lmv8bad3vqkoheff09e8oc7bigr@4ax.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 73
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:5516


"D.J." <jolly73@boingcableone.net> wrote in message
news:7c6cc01lmv8bad3vqkoheff09e8oc7bigr@4ax.com...

> I decided to move a character from Qeynos to Freeport. I looked on
> the map and found the plane of knowledge connection.

I'm wondering how many of you remember making this epic journey on foot? Of
all my early EQ memories, the one that sticks out in my memory most was the
time that my newbie friend and I made this perilous trek across unknown
territory.

I believe I was a level 5 Human mage, I forget now, some kind of Human
lowbie and was playing on E'ci. With me was my friend, another lowbie (he
went on to become the first Ranger to hit 50 on E'ci). Convinced that we
would die trying, we left the safety of the newbie zone and headed into
Qeynos Hills, eventually making our way past the guard tower and through the
pass that led into the Karanas. I remember vaguely hitting the Karanas,
dodging bandits, wolves and eventually griffons (OMG!), all manner of
serious danger to our lives. Eventually we ran into a bunch of travelers on
the path near the EK bridge and felt some safety in numbers. They provided
us the final directions for our journey, without which I don't think we
would have had any chance of survival, let alone success. I'll never forget
the drama of the moment as we approached the EK bridge, heard the music and
saw the bridge materialize. I still get chills whenever I pass that bridge,
as I stop to remember what a great sight for sore eyes it was at that time.

It's funny how the sights and sounds of things familiar to us can co-exist
with other memories of those same sights when we first set eyes on them.
These two images occupy separate places in my memory, even though they're
based on the same bits and pixels ...

Of course, the dangers were only beginning and as we made our way through EK
up into the HighPass, it was just ... thrilling. In real life I once hiked
on foot to the bottom of the Grand Canyon and I remember that trek and the
tremendous feeling of accomplishment at hitting the banks of the river
below. This is pretty how much how I felt when we hit the zone-in to
HighPass and omg the real dangers we confronted as we entered! As I think
now about the spawn patterns there, I find it incredible that we somehow
managed to find our way through the maze that is Highpass and came out of it
alive. I remember meeting the guards at the summit and feeling a tremendous
relief as they took on the deep red orcs and gnolls that patrolled the area
and stood in our way. I remember in particular a tell I got from a friend
who had been in late beta. When I told him that we were just making our way
through Highpass he laughed and said that "Highpass = DEATH." For some
reason that tell still rings in my memory.

Somehow we managed to descend down into the orc side and came to the pass
into the Kithicor Forest. I don't have much of a recollection about the
Forest now, but I do remember somehow wandering across the plains of the
Commonlands, bordering the desert mountains and avoiding Giants, eyeing the
shops along the way and then, eventually hitting the zone-in to Freeport.
Wow. We were both drunk with disbelief, laughter, a new sense of camraderie
from the journey and everything that comes with a huge sense of
accomplishment.

It's funny. We hadn't killed anything or done anything more momentous than
move from one city to another. Yet this remains one of my most vivid
memories of a great accomplishment in EverQuest. Stronger than my first
Nagafen kill, or taking out the Zeks, Xegony, or even walking into the Plane
of Time. I think the only thing comparable in my mind since was walking into
Kod'Taz unguilded.

Anyway, just a random thought as I read this message topic and thought about
the PoK books.
-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Elder Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie





