From 4846665477793033376
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1555dff08b4a6130
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-24 02:43:50 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: How not to do Faydedar
Date: Tue, 24 Sep 2002 05:43:21 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3D9033B9.E8D99ED6@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3d939350.35651984@news-server.houston.rr.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 84
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:233068

Dan Day wrote:
> 
> Scenario:  Setting up to spawn Faydedar for a Druid epic.
> Usual strategy, put everyone back in the tunnel out of
> the line of AoE fire except for the main tank (me,
> level 60 Paladin), who is standing where Faydedar pops.

Just as an observation, Dan, we used to use the tunnel as well. However,
since the patch where the mob AI was upgraded to act more
"intelligently", we've found that Fay is more likely to run to the
tunnel, sometimes for "no damned reason". We've taken to putting the
entire raid force on the beach, ALL the way down in the corner past
where clerics do their epic turnin, and up on the wall a bit. The tank
is out in the water in front and to the left of the cave for the turnin.
Been working great. (And we've finished 3 druid epics this month alone.
Our new guld motto is, "We've gotz more leaf blowers den Sears")

As to your MT strat, yes, you can go with a 60 Pally. Hell, we did it
with a ranger once. (Yes, he got rezzed first.:-p ) However, we've found
that sending up a couple lower level pallies with a warrior, even if
he's only 57 or so, works out a lot better and you get a LONG time for
the MA to build aggro that way before calling in the troops. Assuming,
of course, your pallies are willing to take one for the team. They
generally die shortly after LoHing the MT, but it keeps the clerics out
of harms way for the rest of the fight, and if they are standing
basically on top of the MT, positioning isn't an issue.

> 1.  Druid mutters, "turning in trigger now" in the middle
> of a bunch of folks cross-talking about final buffs
> and preparations.  (I never even saw the announcement,
> since I was doing my own last-minute spell mems and buff
> checks.)

Ding on the druid right there. Unlike others in this thread, I wouldn't
be deguilding them or shunning them or anything, but the druid does NOT
do the turnin until the Raid Leader has called for it in raid chat after
he has everyone ready. I'd definitley make that druid wait a little bit
before the next try just as a lesson.

> 3.  I hit Faydedar exactly twice before he runs at
> warp speed right into the middle of everyone else
> in the tunnel.  Seems the Enchanter hadn't memmed Haste
> yet and had just sat down to mem it.  Faydedar HATES
> people sitting...

I have a hot key just for Fay raids that spams the channel with "NO
SITTING. ARE YOU STANDING???" and after we log back in from buffing I
make each group leader repeat it in group chat in case of the inevitable
moron who forgets to log into raid chat.  Yes... Fay DOES hate anyone
sitting down. No surer way to end a raid fast and in favor of the
dragon.

> 7.  Watch casters whither and die under repeated
> AoE blasts.

What miminum for FR and MR are you setting for Fay raids since the
resist changes patch? We moved it up to unbuffed 75 for melee and 100
for casters. Seems like old resist gear just wasn't up to it anymore. 
Personally, with buffs but *without* bard song, I was at 240ish FR for
our last Fay. Never got feared and never took a point of AoE damage.

> 11.  Believe people when they say that the triggered
> Faydedar despawns in 20 minutes.

In my experience, it was supposed to be 40 minutes. But homey dun play
dat no more. ;-p.  On our last wipe to Fay (in August I believe.. tried
it with far too few upper levels) we wound up having to petition a guide
to help us with CR before the rez timers on the whole raid ran out. Two
hours and twenty minutes after we died, believe it or not, a guide came
and kited Fay out of the lagoon and around the ocean for a half hour
while we rezzed up and booked out. Not sure if that was good protocol
for the guide, but she was an ace in my book.
 
> 16.  Kiss a yellow bubble of exp goodbye ("That
> corpse is too old to be resurrected".)

Ouch. I "feel your pain" brother.
 
-- 
jaZZ md
*******
"An army of sheep led by a lion would defeat an army of lions led by a
sheep."
-- Arab proverb


