From -4581842352760111695
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a6545b80cf6e4df,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-30 12:33:48 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: ohno@ohyes.com (Sparky)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: First time having a bad night on everquest
Date: Wed, 30 Jan 2002 20:32:50 GMT
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <3c585299.21668083@news.constant.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.21/32.243
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 67
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:162296

Well, started out like any other night, I have a lvl 12 ranger and was
looking for a group to go hunt orcs with in East Commons to harvest
some belts.  I quickly turn these over into some quick plat and it's
not too bad for a low lvl character to earn some dough.

Well right away I got a msg that Orc1 was needing a tank, so I headed
on over and joined the group.  Things were going well and we were
having fun  (as I have every night for the past month wherever I am in
this game) when along comes a much higher lvl Ogre and starts KS
everything we do.   Even when he didn't KS we didn't get exp. for the
kills because we were way outranked.  

he claimed there was no such thing as 'Camping' and he started to
throw in quite a few obscenities as he blasted away.  Now mind you, we
were doing quite well and had this site camped for about 10 mins
before he sowed up.    Funny thing was, If he would have asked for
turns or to go in shifts or watever we would have gladly obliged him
and maybe struck up a conversation about where he lived, why he
played, blah blah,   but alas, that didn't happen.

He quickly left when one of the other grp members threatened to report
him and turn in a log of his filthy language, but after a few mins a
level 2000 or so Barbarian shows up and starts doing the same thing

Well the same story happens and we finally figure out this is the same
guy (in RL) so we threaten again and he leaves to return as some hocus
pocus dude with a Griffin Pet.
(Now I waz quite scared when I saw it cause for  a moment I ferfgot
where I waz and thought it was the Griffin spawn of West Commons)  I
gotta admit the Griffin was kewl,  (never seen one before)  but the
thing slew orcs as soon as they spawned with like one swipe.  

Finally a GM appeared and he and some of my grp members gave their
story.  Every few times I listened in to the guy arguing and he kept
saying stuff like "but they can't camp here all day" and "you have to
share kill" and stuff like that.. (all of which is true, but not in
this context and circumstance)

Soooo  to end it all, the guy left and we start happy hunting again
and even had a new grp mem join while the arguing was going on.  Well
up until this time we had a "take turn" type of system going  but
after about 5 kills, this new guy decides he is going to loot whenever
he wants cause he hasn't got a belt yet.  Well our system was loot
till you get a belt, and then next in line goes, and quite honestly it
had been quite a long time since I had gotten a belt myself (dang orcs
musta been wearin suspenders) but I was jus waiting my turn.

 Well  enough is enough and I decide to leave the group and this guy
starts cursing and etc. because I said something like, "well if we
can't play by our set guidelines I'm gonna go find a group that can
play to have fun AND play fairly" or something to that effect. For
some reason this 11 year old or watever he was really started to let
me have it and I just camped and logged.  Funny thing is,  My ranger
is such a likable guy if someone would have said, .."gee I haven't got
a belt yet...  Do you have any extra?" My ranger would have said "SURE
THANG!  jus to make friends. (it gets kinda lonely out there rangering
and all)

So anywaze, all that to say I had my first bad time playing the game.
wasted about 2 hours.  I have played longer than that but never ever
felt like I had wasted my time and last night was the first.    Hope
it was the last.   EQ is quite time consuming and life is too short to
be playing with poo poo heads.

Jus my 2 cents
-Sparky



