From -3752250343870575938
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4f0be1457752ad9c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-23 09:50:57 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.he.net!cyclone-sf.pbi.net!64.245.249.51!sfo2-feed1.news.algx.net!allegiance!pln-e!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews3
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Verant's Vision of the cleric - my uninformed viewpoint
Date: Fri, 23 Aug 2002 11:26:25 -0500
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 101
Message-ID: <ak5nnf0255m@enews3.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-598.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:225404

This is in reference to Jahaar's post on EQ Cleric regarding the cleric
changes that are coming.  You can find the post here:

http://eqcleric.gameglow.com/forums/showthread.php?s=&threadid=11173

After reading Jahaar's post, and keeping in mind the past history of
changes, I've developed pure conjecture on Verant's Vision of the cleric,
and what's happened to it.

The cleric was, I think, imagined as a caster / melee hybrid.  It wasn't
really meant as a "pure" caster - otherwise why give us plate?  I think we
were meant to be healers who would wade in and fight once in a while, even
at the highest levels.  This would also explained the summoned hammers; they
honestly meant for them to be used by clerics in a melee situation.

They vastly underestimated the impact that Complete Heal would have on the
game.  Suddenly, clerics couldn't afford to spend time fighting - they had
to sit and med, restoring mana for that all-important CH.  So clerics, at
the very beginning of the game, began to drift away from the "vision" and
became pure casters.

Then Kunark came out, then Velious.  Melee folks began getting better and
better at fighting.  They began getting new skills, new weapons, new damage
caps.  The high-end mobs in the expansion were tuned for the higher bar
raised by the new melee skills.  *And* they were tuned for CH, forcing
players to invent the concept of the CH chain.  So clerics, once again, had
nothing to do but heal.

Then Luclin came out.  New AA abilities that raised the bar yet again on
melee abilities.  High-end mobs that were now tuned for CH chains.  Mobs
across the board that had more hitpoints and dealt more damage than their
same-level counterparts back on Norrath, thus necessitating a healer of some
sort for effective grouping.

Clerics, in short, became firmly entrenched as a caster class.  All we could
do was CH and buff and cast other spells - a cleric that tried to melee in a
group was generally laughed at.  Heck, many clerics don't even bother
wielding a weapon.

Now, after all that, Verant is re-examining the cleric class.  Its original
vision was that clerics would be fighters as well as casters.  With that in
mind, they've produced new spells and new abilities that attempt to make
fighting more attractive for a cleric.

There are two major problems that I see.

One is that cleric melee abilities are stuck back in the pre-Kunark
paradigm.  While the new Yaulp and the new hammer might make us awesome
tanks in LGuk, the game has moved *way* beyond that.  We might be able to
tank the frenzied ghoul, but the lowest-level shroom in FG would still mop
the floor with us.  If they want to make us even marginally viable as tanks,
they need to readjust our melee caps, bring us back in line with all the
other tanks.

The second, and far greater problem, is that of perception.  I started EQ
shortly after Velious came out.  From the get-go, a cleric was nothing but a
caster - I was referred to as a WIS caster, to differentiate me from mages,
wizards, etc.  It was understood that after a certain level I would hang up
my 1HB and do nothing but med and cast.  That's been the whole of my
existence, and it never occurred to me that one thing I needed to balance my
class was greater melee ability.  I am a caster, pure and simple, and adding
unasked-for and unwanted fighting abilities seems like a slap in the face
from Verant - do they *really* understand the cleric class at all?

But Verant, to put it bluntly, doesn't care.  They have their own vision of
the cleric - part caster, part fighter.  They will do what they can to bring
that vision to fruition.  They don't really care whether *we* want it or
not - remember the famous quote, "We don't list to our players, they only
f@&% us up."  They are going to make they changes *they* want to make to the
class in order to bring it more in line with their personal vision, and they
honestly don't care what the majority of clerics want.

Now, having said that, I have to say that it's not *necessarily* a bad
thing.  Who knows, after some experimentation in certain zones, someone will
come across a strategy for effectively soloing and gaining XP using the new
tools, and this will become widely adopted, giving us clerics something new
and fun to do.  Verant will have proven its ability to follow its own
internal vision and to provide variety to a class.

Or...

A very few clerics will regularly use the new melee-oriented spells, while
the rest will play with them for a bit and then go back to being a pure
caster.  Verant's attempt to make us more melee-oriented will have failed,
and the many weeks they've spent coming up with these spells and abilities
will be completely wasted.  People will use this and the Velious BP examples
to show that Verant is completely out of touch with what the cleric class is
really like.

I tend to believe that the latter will come to pass.  But I'm not so
convinced of it that I'm unwilling to give it a chance.  I will sit and wait
for the spells to go live, then test them myself and see if I can use them
to effective gain AAXP.

But I have my doubts, and I strongly believe that Verant is taking the wrong
path in trying to balance our class.

We'll see.





