From -8872455281697682238
X-Google-Thread: fb739,72e3139dcf3f4e01,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 16 Aug 2004 05:44:23 -0500
Date: Mon, 16 Aug 2004 06:44:19 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: The raid that wasn't
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <QYednbHs7ryaDb3cRVn-tQ@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 73
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.255.68
X-Trace: sv3-MEJbQWf4CMe3Ad+/qXgdpwJLEW5BmCwvnl2jf3qzlcDdgoucp5umYXijNIVgsUIWZwjEbwHnj+BfABN!DrIxaJS9ut/ewJ98oY0iKkjsOh2wzcT0JB9RUOqOa6ac6Ah+Q+/kYIy71D08uNzhGzjzKaAZJIY=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.13
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13525

Bard in guild asks for a Trakanon raid, last thing he needs for his epic.

I ask (knowing what the answer should be, but just checking) if its pop 
or spawned Trak.  Spawned.  So there's no huge rush, we aren't racing 
anyone to it.

I admit, I take my time, as other people don't seem to be hurrying; I'm 
grouped, and I find a replacement (58 ranger should do the jobs of snare 
and DPS, and as for stacky "slow" (chain stuns) well perhaps they'll 
miss me when I'm gone) and head over.

I picked up a seb key a couple weeks ago but never used it, I -could- 
suck down a 300pp potion to get out but that seems expensive for one 
inventory slot, I figure I'll wait till I have a group for the place. 
So I'm in TT when it occurs to me I put the key in the bank to save 
space when heading to AC one day (looting there is lucrative but you 
need tons of room if you don't have a clear list of which runes sell for 
how much, so you know what to throw away).  Checking my bags I find I'm 
right... no, there it is in the very last one I check.  Close call.  Key 
ring spoiled me, A couple years ago I'd never have set out anywhere 
keyed without checking first.

Two groups are already inside, clearing out the central area; on demand 
they clear to the entrance, so I go in and stand with them over the 
bridges.  I have my LFG flag up, I get an invite to go to Nam... so I go 
to the LFG tool and write On Raid in the comments, as I should have from 
the start... course it wouldn't be an issue if they'd just invite me 
right away.  Anyway once there's a mob in camp and I'm attacking it 
along with several other people I get an invite, perhaps they were 
afraid I'd KS them.

Stragglers keep coming in; one actually started the second the raid was 
called and did his key quest in the intervening time.  We keep killing, 
lots of killing.  Much of the upper level is getting pulled in to the 
meat grinder while we wait.

Then the mage who was with us has to log.  Turns out he's the one who 
knew the way to Trak.  Then the bard we were there for goes LD.  Wizard 
says he knows the way and takes off to make sure... and gets very dead; 
he was following a map and had no real idea of how to get there, just a 
lot of confidence.  People start trickling away.  We lose one of the two 
clerics without a word, and never had a second mage, so we have no COTH 
to get people send down to Juggs back out, but worse have little 
confidence of rezzes once things are over, and in my experience a mixed 
level group of inexperienced raids is definately going to see deaths 
taking down Trak.

Finally they call it, get the wizard body recovered and he manages to 
get up enough mana to hit mass TL... when the cleric we are with 
mentions that we need to waid for bard to come back from LD cause he's 
going to be in a bad spot.  Well this is a bit late, coming after the 
TL, half the people in the raid have already hit yes.  But I've always 
been a "last man out" sort, so I'm one of the people still there taking 
out frogs, waiting for the discussion to end.  Its fun fighting mobs 
with the TL box on the screen, knowing that there's little that can 
happen, other than something very sudden, that can kill me, as I'm a 
click away from port out.

Finally they face facts, bard's been gone an hour and isn't coming back; 
the word comes to accept TL.  Off I go to POK, and log for bed.

Made a full blue, which isn't much exp for two hours work, but it was 
raid exp which makes it pretty amazing.  I looted nothing and didnt' 
wait on any split (if any was forthcoming).  I also spent enough time 
beating on and being beat on by upper level seb mobs to be more 
confident in my ability to group in there, assuming I can scare one up; 
it seemed like a pretty strong comittment to make to go there when I 
didn't know if I could land a blow or survive a few rounds of combat. 
Having tanked POI, no worries in Seb it looks like, though the high 
caster count keeps me from wanting to try it solo.

Grage, 52 berzerk, Luclin



