From -3098483752651790625
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5a19313345b82fc2,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-06-10 10:54:19 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news.ems.psu.edu!news.cse.psu.edu!elk.ncren.net!news.umass.edu!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
From: Foxeye Vaeltaja <jnparker@EEKSPAM.mtholyoke.edu>
X-Sender: jnparker@mhc.mtholyoke.edu
Subject: Foxeye and the Secret of Rahotep's ring
Message-ID: <Pine.OSF.4.21.0306101346290.109822-100000@mhc.mtholyoke.edu>
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: TEXT/PLAIN; charset=US-ASCII
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: 138.110.1.1
Organization: Mount Holyoke College
Lines: 109
Date: Tue, 10 Jun 2003 17:54:18 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 138.110.1.32
X-Complaints-To: news@nic.umass.edu
X-Trace: news.umass.edu 1055267658 138.110.1.32 (Tue, 10 Jun 2003 13:54:18 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 10 Jun 2003 13:54:18 EDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:286951


Preface: I'd like to thank Monual for proving that a.g.e can appreciate
narrative posts.  Here goes nothing!

Let me start by saying that returning to Norrath and getting a new kitten
in the same weekend is the most exhausting experience I've had since I
left EQ.  I'm going to assume that the kitten, and our very pissed-off
cat, were responsible for most of this, because I don't want to start off
assuming that I can't play EQ without turning into a zombie.

And speaking of zombies (or mummies actually), an elite number of you are
familiar with Rahotep.  An even smaller subset of you have actually met
this extremely rare 17th level mummy that appears in Northern Ro.  Two
years ago when my most prized possession was a velium morningstar, Foxeye
spent hours searching for him.  Then six months ago, right before I quit,
Foxeye the epic ranger finally bumped into Rahotep.  Bumped so hard the
poor fellow crumbled into wrappings and goo, leaving Foxeye kneeling in
the sand with a small red ring in her palm.  Over a year later, and she
finally had Rahotep's Ring.

Most pieces of unecessary equipment you sell or give away, but there will
always be one or two that you just can't part with.  They stay in your
bank till the bitter end.  Then there are those items so precious that you
always keep them on you, even if they have no practical value.  That is
how I felt about this little red ring...not only is it in one of my bags,
but I often wear it just because it makes me smile.  Reminds me of those
earlier days, and that little pleasant surprises can still happen.

Fast forward to this weekend.  With much trepidation, Foxeye emerges from
her long hybernation and looks around...Toxxulia Forest?  Oh my, there are
treetops in Toxxulia forest.  The things you can see when you have full
clip plane on.  And spell effects.  And all character models!  *can you
just feel the glee building up?*  

So off she ran, visiting her favorite spots to see how the world looks
when you no longer have 0% clip plane.  My trusty side-kick shaman was
still running memtest86, so I had to make these first visits on my own.  

Laggy-newbie-zone-of-choice, Shadeweaver's Thicket?  Owned by my computer
(named Rubicite for it's lovely shade of red)  

PoK with it's gaggles of resource-sucking PCs standing about?  OWNED once
again by Rubicite.

And the last test...the Bazaar.  I was able to RUN, head up high, every
possible resource-hogging setting turned on, through the halls of the
bazaar during it's busiest time, and there was only the smallest flicker
of framerate issues. PWNED!!  *hugs her computer case, which SOOOO
deserves it's own airbrushing now*

That spectacle over, I was curious to try out the never-fail guide for
Quillmane that someone posted here, and anxious to not get myself killed
on my first day, so I trotted off to Karana.  And let me just say that
either I suck (which is highly possible after 6 months away), or the guide
was someone's prank on us suckers who will try any guide.  Between that
guide and my later "ahhh, just kill everything!" mood, I spent a good many
useless hours in South Karana. 

I then gave up and went to play one of my low-level alts for a while.  

But Foxeye never gets to be quiet for long.  I had to log her on for
various small reasons over the rest of the day, and it had me running all
over the western half of antonica (easily my favorite part of
Norrath).  First there was the good fortune of visiting my old pal Chief
Goonda and getting two chipped bone bracelets in one clearing of the place
(old skinflint wasn't giving me any for several months before I
quit).  Then I find Pyzjin up in Qeynos Hills.  No GBS, alas, but I was
excited to see her.  Tried to camp her after that, but of course, she
wasn't spawning again and I wasn't in a camping mood any more.

On a way to meet a friend in EK, Regis the Reverent (a quest NPC in North
Karana) that has many times been KSed from me by Bupu and her crowd) was
up, and ALL MINE!  That's an old score finally settled.  With flute in
hand, I trotted through SK, Lake Rathetear, got my icon from a lovely
gypsy, then trotted back (all the while listening to /auction channel
complaining about the Sleeper finally being awoken on Xev...almost thought
they were talking about me, cuz I sure was feeling pretty sleepy).

And SMACK, in South Karana, I almost get knocked out by one of Quillmane's
hooves as he flew over me.  Lucky for me, I killed him cleanly enough that
I was able to make a cloak from his skin, and not pants. ;)  Literally
floating on air as I left South Karana.

Gosh golly darn gee...three rare mobs and 2 rare drops all in the same
day, when I wasn't trying. And when I did try, I saw Not A Damn Thing.

This is when I noticed that Foxeye's been wearing Rahotep's Ring the whole
day.

*rub chin thoughtfully*

You know what?  You can all keep your placeholder timers, spawn points,
and "only kill mobs with a rusty dagger on a full moon, but don't kill the
rats unless you are at one bubble of health"-type theories...Foxeye just
found the best secret of them all.  

*flips the ring in the air and catches it with a grin on her face*


~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Foxeye Vaeltaja
58 Half-Elven Outrider
Nearsighted Ranger of Xev (Retired)
 
"I was just saying that basically if I tried to tell everyone a tree is a
tree while they think it's a vegetable then they're going to think I'm a
fruit." - Zardak Zephiroth, Outrider of Xev



