From -4107583540029523
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c8f18d154ef3bcb5,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-22 05:25:48 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!paloalto-snf1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!enews.sgi.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news3.rdc1.on.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Whittleberry <whittleberry@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: impressions thus far (long)
Message-ID: <d2illtcpnkufr0p6f5fv913l8gdrnvrkud@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.7/32.534
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 88
Date: Sun, 22 Jul 2001 12:25:48 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.112.131.170
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news3.rdc1.on.home.com 995804748 24.112.131.170 (Sun, 22 Jul 2001 05:25:48 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 22 Jul 2001 05:25:48 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:97466

Well, it's been three weeks since I purchased Everquest. Here are some
comments thus far.

I have played roleplaying games since the original D&D and computer
roleplaying games since Ultima III on my Commodore 64. I have, thus
far, steered clear of online games (other than maybe 3 games on
Battle.net). Comments I'd read about rampant cheating, PvP problems
and overpopulated servers had turned me off the whole idea.

A longtime friend demoed EQ to me and tried to talk me into purchasing
"Evercrack". After a few weeks of waffling, I broke down and bought
the game. I really wasn't sure I would enjoy it. I decided to play a
druid because they were supposed to be good at soloing and I wasn't
sure I'd enjoy team play. I decided to be a halfling mostly because
they are my favourite roleplaying race.

My friend twinked me a bit: he gave me 25 pp to buy equipment and
spells, then gave me a two hour in-game lesson on how to play. He even
made sure I died so I knew how a CR worked.

Unfortunately, the two-hour lesson was enough to get me intrigued. I
wandered around Misty Thicket killing things and getting used to the
controls. When I got a slew of new spells at 5th season I knew I was
hooked.

I stayed in Misty Thicket until my 10th season. I grouped once or
twice, but mostly I soloed. It was a lot like space travel: long
periods of boredom interspersed with short spurts of stark raving
terror ("what's a Mooto?"). People seemed nice, if a bit preoccupied.

When I left Rivervale and entered the Commonlands (the less said about
Kithikor Forest the better), I went into severe culture shock. I
couldn't believe the sheer number of MESSAGES! In MT, one auction
every five minutes was the norm. In EC, I was getting 1-2 auctions a
SECOND! This poor little halfling was totally overwhelmed.

I tried hunting in EC and learned several harsh lessons. I'd be
happily killing something when out of nowhere a lion would attack me!
I tried explaining I was a druid and liked animals, but that made not
a whit of difference. I was a drivethru restaurant for those darn
cats, and they kept ordering double portions of halfling niblets.

My friend suggested I try another zone, so I wandered into North Ro.
MUCH better! I killed giant scarabs for a few seasons, and learned to
love the Gate spell. It's not often a game gets me to laugh
hysterically, but when I successfully cast a Gate spell and teleported
from a madman tagteam, I might possibly have made a bit of noise.

I also learned the perils of Camoflage. Let's wander over to that
Dervish camp and check out that unlooted corpse. Why is that player
charging towards me? Where'd my Camo icon go? What's a Dorn? {sounds
of carnage ensue}

When I reached my 14th season, I started to really appreciate druids.
Spirit of Wolf, Bind Affinity, kiting...thank goodness I'm on
vacation. People have been mostly polite about SoW and Bind requests.
Generally speaking, the higher the level the more polite the request,
and the higher the chance of a donation. FWIW, I don't require
donations and have never refused a request for SoW or Bind. I've also
never used the anon or roleplay switches.

Even with the occasional donation, money is a HUGE problem. I'm hoping
that at higher levels I'll actually be able to make more than 4-5 pp
for a day's hunting.

New players have recently started asking me for money. I feel horribly
guilty about saying no, but I'm not yet at a point where I can easily
distribute cash. I've buffed the players who asked for money and
ignore the nasty remarks I occasionally get.

I'm now in the Oasis of Marr and have finally discovered the joys of
team play. The game is a lot more fun when you have people to chat
with, and the down time drops considerably. I do feel out of my depth
when people say, "My primary is a 54th level necromancer", or "I've
been playing for over two years". I also feel envious when someone's
pet asp does more damage than me. {grins ruefully}

Happy hunting! Only a few more levels 'til I get Tracking!


Whittleberry
17th season Druid
Oasis of Marr
Thollux Paells server

"Happiness is being famous for your financial ability
to indulge in every kind of excess."
-- Calvin


