From -2559429936747777818
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,859338bf8bbbacc3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-21 07:05:46 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <anniebenlen@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Discord take one
Date: Sun, 21 Dec 2003 09:05:45 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <3FE5B6C9.77995403@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3FE4677C.90300@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 91
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:12769



Lance Berg wrote:
> 
> Unable to find a group on FV, I decided to go try Discord last night.

   Lenny and I tried it as a whim.  Starting on a new server is such fun!  
 

> Well, Teapray and Lenny are on the server, or at least Lenny is and says
> Tea is as well.  Lenny is a troll warrior.  So I reroll as a troll
> shaman.  Only after doing so do I look and find Tea; as Teawolf, a troll
> shaman.  Bah.  I reroll again as a DE necromancer.  Neriak Third Gate is
> just as bad as AkAnon, chock full of young DE killing all the rodents in
> sight.  No worries, I make my way across to commons, then to Foreign
> Quarters, meaning to find Lenny and Teawolf and have some fun.  Well
> they aren't responding to tells, which isn't a big surprise given the
> incredible amount of chatter and lag, they probably don't even see them.

   Well, actually that is surprising, since I set up a dedicated window, and I
always do, for /tells and groupsay.  Obviously your impervious skeleton wasn't
the only bug.
 
> I've already observed, though, that I'm not a big fan of PvP in EQ.  EQ
> classes are balanced, to what extent they -are- balanced, against the
> environment, not so much against each other.  Worse, there's a wide
> power range that comes with experience.  In normal play, you avoid
> things that can easily kill you, and concentrate on pulling what you
> -can- deal with, be it easy blues or difficult reds, generally its -not-
> mobs ten levels higher than you, though.  And if it is, well, its only
> death.  In PvP though death comes seeking you, and its seeking easy
> prey; you -are- the easy blue mob to someone, and they can seek you out
> like you would an orc pawn.

   As we played, Lenny and I talked about this very issue.  We thought we had a
pretty strong duo, but if we got high enough for PvP, we know we would suck at
it.  Lenny is one of the sweetest players in the game.  Even if he is in a
hurry, he will stop if he sees someone in combat, to baby-sit and see if he can
help in some way.  And I have the in-game instincts of a healer.  If I came
across someone that was wounded, my guy reaction impulse is to throw a heal on
them.  I'd like to think that we could quell these traits to some extent given
the nature the server, but I know that we would probably fail at some point.
Plus there's the fact that we both currently have jobs.   We don't have the time
it would take to baby sit our characters to a useable level.  One we hit level 6
we would be easy prey, and we wouldn't have the inclination to kill others even
if we found a suitable victim.  

> Did I forget anyone?

    Not that I can think of.  Lenny and I went troll because of the higher
hitpoints, and the innate regen that might actually help at that level.  We
dumped all our starting points that we could into stamina.  I figured a smaller
mana pool would be better than running out of hitpoints.  We did make it level
2, and we could kill yellows, though it was scarier than usual.  I think that
the three of us grouped could actual level fairly easy once the crowds die down,
and I expect that the crowds will die down soon.  But what's the point?  Even if
we do make it to say level 12, what then?  We start hunting newbies?  Ugh.  That
doesn't sound like fun.  We track down evil gankers, fighting crime at night
under the cover of darkness.  That does sorta sound like fun.  Lenny would have
a decent HP pool even without gear.  I would have Flash of Light (it's available
at the Troll Spell Vendors for about a gold, very cheap and easy to find, and
very fun in PvP and duels) and SoW if we made it level 9, which would be a big
help in keeping us alive.  You would have snare, and if you managed to land it
on a higher level murderer then I'm pretty sure that would be able to escape
most situations. But I have a feeling that the forces of evil will be much
stronger than us, and it only takes one slip up to go back to level 1. 

     Even if we stuck it out, I don't think that we would rack up any points to
speak of.  Neither Lenny nor I have the heart for that sort of thing.  We would
just be trying to survive, in a dangerous short-lived server.  I don't think
that Lenny and I will be going back.

    

> Splendid

--
Annie

To join the alt.games.everquest chat channel type /join serverwide.age:age 
If you want to stayed joined, then after that type /autojoin serverwide.age:age

Currently playing:
Teapray-- 48 High Elf Cleric on Firiona Vie

Teamort-- 16 Dark Elf Necromancer of Lanys T'vyl

Lentea-- 33 Ogre Beastlord On Firiona Vie

--
If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


