From 6066179795252285649
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7781918a2a1fbde9
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-20 15:31:58 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Where to Solo a 55 Druid
Date: Fri, 20 Sep 2002 22:31:48 -0000
Organization: Institute of Lawsonomy, Department of Suction and Pressure
Message-ID: <slrnaon8ej.j9k.reply_in_group@tzs.net>
References: <20020919120010.08960.00007236@mb-cg.aol.com> <amd06f$epg$1@news1.radix.net> <slrnaokchu.asu.reply_in_group@tzs.net> <uokrimc1mfpad6@corp.supernews.com> <slrnaoktuq.caq.reply_in_group@tzs.net>
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.7.4 (Linux)
Cache-Post-Path: tzs.net!unknown@tzs.net
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.3.3 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 72
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:232386

In article <slrnaoktuq.caq.reply_in_group@tzs.net>, Tim Smith wrote:
> There do seem to be a fair number of people there who evidently don't know
> what they are doing, judging from the corpses.  I have not yet figured out
> how one would die in CS, other than LD or lag.  I suppose you could fall
> when pulling the ones near the SS zone...but pretty much every class that
> I've seen hunt there (Wizard, Druid, Shaman, Necro, Mage) can levitate.

Well, after writing that yesterday, I went to CS and did a bunch of dumb
things, all in a row.  I still didn't die, though, so my point stands, even
though I may have to demote myself to the ranks of those who don't know what
they are doing. :-)

1. Zone in, click a Wyvern: blue!  And a bunch more are up, so I'm sure I
can get more than one, so it is kiting time!  Pull it with Staff of
Temperate Flux.  Click another--blue!  Pull it.  Then notice it does not say
"A Wyvern", but rather says "Yvolcarn".  Oh well...keep running until I'm
well ahead, and gate out.  Port back.

2. There are some blues around the zone-to-SS thingy, so go up to get a
couple of them.  The way I do this is target one, get the cursor over
another, SoTF the first, click the second, and run out the window with lev
up, and SoTF the second.  That gets me two.  When I'm comfortable with that,
I'll figure out how to get three.  Anyway, at the click-the-second stage, my
screen freezes!  Crap!  What a time for a lock up!  Then I zone into SS, and
realize I accidently clicked on the zone-to-SS thingy.  Port back.

3. This time, I decide that I'm going to walk out the window, and cast
snare.  I sink slow enough with lev that I should be able to cast before
getting low enough to get the out of range message.  I want to see if they
are close enough together for Atol's Spectral Shackles to hit more than one.
As I run up to the room, I notice that I've only got 4 buffs up, although I
distinctly remember I had five earlier.  Well, all my normal buffs are
there, so I am not sure what is missing, and ignore it.  Get to the room,
target a Wyvern, step out the window--and realize the missing buf was
levitate.  *Splash*.  Swim ashore, get those nasty warriors guys on my ass,
and run up the beach until I'm far enough ahead to gate.  Port back.  (I
normally don't levitate in CS, which is why it was not obvious to me that
lev was missing.  I only lev when I'm doing things in the tower) (That's
because when medding I use racial hide, and the bobbing from lev breaks
hide)

I then managed to actually do my tower experiment.  Result: the Wyverns in the
tower are far enough apart that Atol's won't do more than one at a time.
(This is why almost every Wizard would love to trade our short duration AoE
snare for a long duration single target snare like Druids have).  I also
tried the experiment with Pillar of Lightning, and that too only hits one at
a time there.

Some normal killing followed, and then a couple blues spawned in the tower.

4. I grabbed a couple blues from the tower, and while waiting for them to
get out of the water and join me for a little killing, I noticed that there
were more blues spawned in the non-tower areas, so grabbed a couple of
those.  So, I have two fairly close, and two fairly far away, none of them
snared, and am running around trying to gather them up for snaring.  I run
by that rock that is about 2/3 of the way from the port circle to the tower,
and my back two stop and start smacking down some Necro that was medding
there.  Before I can even get a "/ooc OMG, I'm sorry for that! I didn't
notice you there!" off, he's dead.  I finish the Wyverns with no problem,
but it is time to go to work.

I've asked around on the server board, and the general opinion seems to be
that I didn't actually do anything wrong training the Necro like that--KOS
people in CS shouldn't be medding there if they aren't paying careful
attention to the kiters--but still, I feel bad about it.

So, anyway, I feel pretty stupid for all those screw ups this morning, but,
on the other hand, none of them caused me any injury, let alone put me at
risk (although the no-lev stunt was not fatal only because there happens to
be water under the tower), so I'm kind of amused, too.

--Tim Smith


