From 3137874158708222828
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4360f8a6a3e9e7f9
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-02-24 12:19:09 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!snoopy.risq.qc.ca!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news0.telusplanet.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <b3dktm017m7@enews1.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: Monual's Quiet Place to Group
Lines: 229
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <07v6a.67347$9K5.2988719@news0.telusplanet.net>
Date: Mon, 24 Feb 2003 20:19:08 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: news0.telusplanet.net 1046117948 216.232.78.121 (Mon, 24 Feb 2003 13:19:08 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 24 Feb 2003 13:19:08 MST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:266996


"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:b3dktm017m7@enews1.newsguy.com...
>
> So late Friday night, after getting home from a session of D&D, I log in
and
> decide to join a Bastion of Thunder group.  For the life of me, I can't
keep
> people alive.  It's not the mobs that are the problem: it's the pets.
See,
> the chanter and the mage have charmed mobs, then hasted them.

    Charmed, hasted mobs are not easy to handle. Last night I, another
cleric, and two necromancers killed Overlord Paffa in CoD, and a big part of
the learning curve was figuring out a process to handle charm breaks.
Especially if you're in tight quarters and pulling multiple unmezzed adds,
it can be a brutal process. What I was doing was this:

    Both clerics keep target on the pet of one necromancer. Necromancers
root any mobs above two on each pull. If charm breaks, I cast SoMight, then
Tarnation to either stun the ex-pet or get it on me. Other cleric will heal
whoever requires it. Considering we even managed to recover when both
necromancers feigned at the same time to renew pet charm (nice
communication, guys), I'd say we did OK. We plan to farm Paffa until both of
them have the Affliction Efficiency earring he drops. And until I have
enough AA's - 2.5 AA's in two hours, most of the two hours were spent on CR
or in "recovery" mode until we learned the ins and outs. Oh, and part of it
was CR from our attempt to use Fran Pisoal, Carprin's guard, as a pet. (He's
unstunnable, argh.)

> The next day I log in and do another group, this time in the Plane of
> Tactics.  This involves - you guessed it - charmed, hasted pets.  Again,
> charm keeps breaking; again, the pets go on a killing spree; again, I
can't
> seem to keep everyone alive.

    Don't try to keep folks alive. Try and neutralize the pet so the ENC can
re-charm it. They can't do this with the mob beating on them. That means you
have to have target on the pet at all times, so the MOMENT there's a break
you can stun/root.

> This time, we act like professionals.  We kill the first guy - I've never
> learned his name because he's never presented a problem.  On Emmerick, the
> chanters all charm a mob and send it against Emmerick - our raid leader,
in
> listing out the Main Tank list, said "Pet, Pet, Pet, Pet, Tank01, Tank02".
> In fact, there's a problem using the pets as a MT - I'm not sure what -
and
> I do end up having to heal a tank on Emmerick.

    As long as a PC is in melee range and on the hate list, an NPC will
attack them over a pet. So unless everyone is using bows, you have to tank
him.

> We still have a good raiding force left, though.  A few of the clerics are
> saying in the cleric channel that they can only stay for one more attempt.
> We pull the mobs clear from Mith Marr, then we purposely wait for the
corner
> mobs to repop.  When the last one falls, Mith Marr is immediately pulled.
> He comes, and now that he's alone and we're ready for him, the clerics
> manage to get into a healing rhythm.  In fact, we manage to keep the Main
> Tank alive all the way until Mith Marr is at three percent - at which
point
> the tank goes from 90 health to dead in half a second.  No matter; rather
> than switch to another tank we just all nuke MM, and down he goes.

    Nice recovery! And a very nice day of raiding, too - you knocked over a
lot for one day.

> Two of the people in the raid
> our from our server's resident uberguild - repayment for them letting us
use
> their CoH bots in Vex Thal until we had our own CoH bots in place.

    Until the big Rallos Zek issue, we had flagging deals with all the other
competition guilds on the server. As long as a guild had defeated a given
mob on their own, they could ask to send people along on another guild's
raid. It worked nicely in getting people caught up, and eliminated racing
for targets that nobody really wanted to kill anyways.

> Up we go - and people can't help but make reference to the Drinal Flag
> Rebellion.

    It's not all goodness. I can't zone into HoH without being hit by
somebody's train, and last night CoD was a zoo with all the people that were
there trying to kill Carprin. Our necromancers know how to blow his spawn
(they do this so they can solo there), and there was some talk last night of
blowing it on a regular basis just to keep the zone as an XP zone and stop
the ragtag raids. Denying others content makes me feel very ill-at-ease, but
so does being trained with Carprin (he doubles a sitting cleric for 1221,
BTW).

> What happens next is slowly reconstructed over the course of the next
hour.

    That's always the way when something goes wrong! If you want to mock the
people that overanalyze after something stupid happens, start mentioning
little details that they might have missed. Like what you had on your
cursor, what buff you had last cast, and that you saw Tylis's head move
back, and to the left just before the TL. It could be important!

> One of the monks in our alliance hails the NPC in the cage.  He then
utters
> the trigger phrase "I am ready", thinking this will port him (and only
him)
> to the Keeper of Sorrows maze.

    See, this should have been made crystal-clear before you even engaged
Maareq. NOBODY NEAR THE CAGE. NOBODY. NOBODY. GO NEAR, YOU ARE OUT OF THE
GUILD. NOBODY. Spam it until even the densest moron there realizes that
going near the cage is bad for his character's development. Because there
will be one person that was AFK the first time you said it, was in tells the
second time, and who thinks he knows better when he reads it on that third
time.

> What it does is causes the NPC to cast an
> Area of Effect translocate.  Everyone who's close to the cage and flagged
> for Bertoxx gets ported to the maze.  Everyone who's *not* flagged
"resists"
> the TL.  One of the people who is in range is a beastlord.  He's killed
> Bertoxx, so he gets TL'd - but his warder resists the TL.  The warder
treats
> the attempted TL as a detrimental spell and attacks the NPC.  The NPC
dies.

    Ouch. We killed all pets because we knew we'd be going somewhere else.
That's a really annoying side effect.

> The non-European players are plenty mad too, and even
> I make a couple of snide comments about people who can't listen to or
follow
> directions.

    It's sad, but it's the truth. You can't listen, you can destroy things
for 50 other people.

> Those of us who are in the maze tentatively ask if we're still going to
try
> KoS.  My guild leader, who was one of the twenty, makes a quick
assessment.
> Two shamans, two chanters, and one cleric - as in guess who.  He decides
> it's enough to try, and with a sense of foreboding we begin clearing the
> maze.

    Some of the pulls can be a bit hairy, because of the close quarters and
the stuns. But with good pullers, you should blaze to the Keeper. And as you
found out, Keeper is not a tough mob.

> I run back to the Plane of Tranquility and hail an NPC to finish the Saryn
> part of the script.  Then I run to the library and take the elevator up to
> the top and hail the Grand Librarian.  I get a flag, and in my rush to get
> back down I don't bother to wait for the elevator.  Instead I run up to
the
> edge, cast Divine Aura, and jump back down.  It's only after I've jumped
off
> the edge that I notice the message "Your spell was interrupted."  Oops.

    I rezzed more people in that damned library after our Saryn kill than
died to Saryn. If you lag for a second, you go through the floor of the
elevator and crash to the ground. And people who had never been on it before
wanted to take screenshots....

> Eagerly I run up and click the stone - and nothing
> happens.  I ask, and am told I was supposed to hail the Librarian a second
> time and ask "What information?".  I run back to the library, ride up the
> elevator, ask the right question, and get another flag.

    I had my Mith Marr kill after even my Rallos kill, so when I did this it
was something like this: unlock memories, got two flags. Hailed the
Librarian, got two more flags. Run back and unlock memories, get two more
flags. Run back to the librarian again, hail for one flag, get into the
elemental planes.

> This time I get ported into the Tower of SolRo.  It's a creepy,
> gothic-looking place.

    Wait until you go further in (and you should, very very shortly). It's
really quite a striking place.

> There's a white-con mob right in front of me that
> sees invis, so I don't move.

    If you stay at the zone-in point or further back towards the wall, you
never get aggro from the zone-in area wanderers.

> We pull one, he has
> a lot of hitpoints but doesn't do extraordinary damage or have any
> extraordinary spells that he casts.  He falls, and I watch my AAXP and see
> that I get two percent AAXP from this one kill.  Cool.

    They're very standard mobs. Not many near zone-in, though. If you go up
one staircase and set up shop in the room at the top, you should have more
than enough pulls to do steady XP. In fact, your puller will have to be
sharp because there's a lot of chain-aggro in the area leading to the
trials.

> We begin pulling, and the XP rate is steady - two percent
> AAXP per kill.  The mobs are on a slow respawn timer, so we begin crawling
> inside the Tower.  We make it to the second floor, which has some
incredible
> architecture.  We begin moving in deeper when we somehow aggro three mobs
> that wipe us.

    On a raid once, we had the entire second floor warp onto us. No idea
how, somehow we managed to pull out a messy win. I watch the pullers when we
clear through this area, and it's amazing the trains they create initially.

> Plus we have the whole zone
> to ourselves - no worries about fighting for mobs or getting trained.
> That's nice.

    Not many people do XP in Sol Ro's Tower. If you want a quiet place to
XP, this is it. If you're brave enough to go up to the trials areas, there's
a ton of XP mobs to pull and the odd named with neat loot. But that would
take a very skilled puller to do for XP.

    Suggest to your guild that they get on the Sol Ro Trials ASAP, after a
Tylis raid to get the others flagged. The trials are very easy, there's
usually one groupable nameds along the way that drop neat upgrade items, and
the loot from the trial bosses is exceptional. Lots of weapons to up DPS,
and Ornate chest slot molds/patterns. They're on a three day respawn, too,
so you'll be able to really gear up off them swiftly once you get the hang
of it. Rogues with SoS can check on every named to see if it's up, since
they're out of tracking range from zone. Enjoy!

    James





