From 3304406980104193747
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b73e6700602062c9
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-17 08:37:01 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <sorry@nospamforme.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: LDoN and the little things
Date: Mon, 17 Nov 2003 08:33:07 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <vrhu8olelti7e0@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <sorry@nospamforme.com>
References: <Hz4ub.3044$y5.203092@nnrp1.ptd.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 143
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7761


"Lance Berg" <emporer@dejazzd.com> wrote in message
news:Hz4ub.3044$y5.203092@nnrp1.ptd.net...

> But then I thought about it some more, and while those -were- issues,
> they weren't enough really to explain what went wrong.  We didn't make a
> wrong turn, we were headed the right way for the victim as it turns out,
> so the scouting issue wasn't really important.  And we didn't get -to-
> the victim until time ran out, so his Z axis issues weren't what made us
> fail...

/agree

After thinking about this I came to the same conclusion. The Z-axis issues
were there but they provided an overly simple rationalization for all the
little things that we did wrong. We *could* have won that mission, we
*should* have won that mission.

> Winterfury, I think, was slowing mobs more than nuking (I don't really
> know, but I know that in the -next- run we did together, when I was
> paying more attention because I'd been thinking about this one, we
> talked and a lot of nuke messages with his name on them showed up).
> This is tricky, slowing saves healer mana because the mobs do less
> damage during the time they are alive, but nuking saves healer mana
> because the mobs die sooner... so the question is which will have a
> bigger effect.  In LDoN missions, I tend to lean towards the "more DPS"
> solution as the mobs tend to die pretty fast.  Shaman nuking isn't going
> to double your kill speed, but they do have good mana regen rate, and
> the difference in tactics would probably mean 10% better performance for
> the group.

When I first start playing with a new group I tend to go with the routine
I've learned and then adjust as necessary to the particular situation.
You'll recall that our leader complimented me at one point for being "very
consistent". I know he meant it as a compliment, but I was a little put off
(at myself) at that because it meant that I was playing too pat, too
routine, and wasn't varying my play sufficiently to handle the variety of
situations encountered. Truth is, I was Slowing probably too much and not
nuking enough in that game. And as you noticed, in our next game I adjusted
to accommodate a different group and mixed up my play quite a bit more.

I have different gem sets that I swap out depending on what type of group
I'm playing with. If the killing is going very fast with a lot of single
pulling, Slows and DoTs have little to no impact and I'm better off nuking,
hasting and keeping buffs refreshed. But there are some groups I'm in where
the battles go on endlessly (low DPS) and in those situations a Slow wil
make considerable difference in how much damage the mobs are inflicting (and
therefore how much mana the Cleric is using healing). My Slow is rated at
65% (probably 55% at my level) so it's a sizable difference. And if we have
a mezzer along who is keeping many mobs in camp while the tanks are taking
out one at a time, I'll be keeping each of the mezzed mobs Slowed so that
when they break they'll already be Slowed once engaged. This also helps
causes them to hate me more than the chanter.

Last night's rescue mission is a good example of a group where I should have
focused more on the hasting, buffing and nuking. The chanter was spending
more time pacifying full rooms and then single pulling, not much mezzing,
and we ripped through them fast, so Slow wasn't really all that useful. Yet
I stuck to my Slow routine most of the mission. And yeah, that probably did
cause me about a 10% loss of efficiency.

> Our rogue, well, died three times at least, scouting ahead.

I never understood this. The first time, Ok, it happens. The second time I
was little surprised and thought Ok, no more of that. But the third time I
was bewildered that we were still employing him as a scout in the first
place. The leader seemed to be ignoring your Eye, even though you had it
prominently out. I think this one cost us well more than 10%, I think it was
one of the most significant factors in our loss because of the downtime
waiting for him to be rezzed, Cleric mana'd, etc.

> I think our puller was overly aggressive with his lulling, I've worked
> with quite a few lull pullers since LDoN release, and the good ones lull
> only a couple mobs at a time, not the whole room;

I would go further and say that the good ones I've seen use lull very
sparingly and feel free to bring adds into the room. I did a mission later
in the night with a dream group and again it was led by a chanter (Oromet)
and he was fabulous. In tricky situations he would pacify a crowd and
extract some surgical pulls. But generally his approach was exemplified by
his announcement to the MT not to worry about adds, he had it covered. And
he did. When adds came, they got mezzed, the tank announced his target,
everyone assisted, I kept everything Slowed and we waltzed through our
adventure with about 45 minutes to spare.

> Worst problem though of all was lack of communication.  There were no
> assist me messages, no "move up" or "stay, pulling to here" messages.

Yep, this is what got us killed and I believe what contributed most to our
loss. Even after I openly suggested more talk, it didn't come. I kept having
to guess if we were moving up or pulling back to where we were and there
were several times when we were actually split into two groups where one
group didn't know where the other group was, and one group was engaged while
the other was still looking for them. Very sloppy. In the end, when we got
to the top of the stairs, I remember rushing into the room behind the Cleric
where all hell broke loose and several died (including the Cleric). I have
no idea where the leader and scouts were at this time because they hadn't
told us what they were doing. This kind of complete communication failure is
totally untenable and ultimately was the biggest factor in our failure.

> Lull movement is hard to pull off, and in a rescue, its
> frankly useless since the victim will -not- come along with you till
> those mobs are dead, he has no faith at all in lull.

Yeah, I was disappointed to learn in-mission that the group leader didn't
understand this fundamental regarding Rescue missions. Maybe it was his
first? If I had known the plan was to lull inward and bring out the target,
I would gladly have explained that this wasn't going to work, but as you
point out, we learned the strategy as we went and in the end we lost a fair
amount of time doubling back to go kill the mobs our leader thought were
taken care of. And because this dungeon had z-axis issues, that meant
climbing the narrow stairs again all the way back to the top and then
proceeding downward one kill at a time. Costly.

> There was communication, mind you, but it was all in the form of "the
> rogue is really doing a great job, lots of our damage is coming from
> him" and similar feel good messages for each of the rest of us.  How about
telling
> me what I need to know, instead of how I should feel?

LOL! Yeah, he was way too much the kids soccer coach, trying to make
everyone feel good rather than providing the kind of substantive
communication we really needed to get the job done. I appreciated his taking
the time to acknowledge his players, but I would have appreciated winning
the mission even more. ;-)

> So I'll work on polishing my end of things, and helping my new friends
> list buddy Winterfury polish his, and we'll chalk it up to experience.

Aye, the best thing I got out of this was the ability to dialog with you in
game and get some of the benefit of your experience. This is my first time
through the 50's and I've got a lot to learn, so it's incredibly valuable to
me to have others around who have been through this. Also, it's fun meeting
up with newsgroup regulars in game, even more fun when you get to join them
putting to work all the various skills we talk about here all the time!

Looking forward to the next adventure!

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Mystic of 52 winters
Citizen of Firiona Vie




