From 2645187398182529613
X-Google-Thread: fb739,643192f58b4c4f2
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 24 Dec 2004 19:47:14 -0600
Date: Fri, 24 Dec 2004 20:47:12 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: What don't I like about AO?
References: <zuOdnT5ec80I31HcRVn-vQ@dejazzd.com> <WtadnbQlFtWBzVHcRVn-pg@comcast.com>
In-Reply-To: <WtadnbQlFtWBzVHcRVn-pg@comcast.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <opWdnaTHDYk_W1HcRVn-2w@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 131
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.252.92
X-Trace: sv3-qshzX6LBBdgts/PrxFn/L+IBPVxm7pqLCdejZ2cA21MIUetjoPbxPR1S7Bw4XXuPTPsMxXzWaY/48tB!9ykA1/Lsp/x/C3myxonoDtj+8xHXQeQdqkJjVV3qfgSGrseD0PHwPria0TfReURaeEw8iVsk+LI=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:27972



Michael wrote:


> 
> Very interesting observations for me who isn't diving in until next week 
> together with my best friend.
> 
> Something I had to wonder about while reading this was, are the chat 
> channels really very busy with rapidly scrolling text if they include 
> the whole server or all instances in a given zone? It seems like that 
> would be a problem in prime time.
> 
It appears I have insufficient knowledge of this, and was speaking in 
error.  As I level up, I've been further out in the world, and found it 
became earily quiet away from the home city; I heard a few comments in 
the more general (and higher level) OT OOC channel, but the OT Newbie 
OOC chatter died completely.  Apparantly there -is- some form of 
proximity involved in hearing the messages, its just that the newbie 
island counts as being adjacent to the starting zones of Rome, Athens, 
Borealis.

On the newbie island, the chatter can get to scrolling past fairly 
quickly, despite the fact that it rapidly splits into the three 
factions.  Even without the area effect thing, though, there are a lot 
of channels once you get off the island, and its simple enough to set 
several to ignore... I usually ignore the auction channel, for example, 
which can become incredibly busy as it serves levels 1-50... and seems 
to serve more than that, as I see things in there that are for level 200 
people (I think.  I don't really know enough to be sure yet, its a 
complicated game!)

> I have a feeling the grouping gets much better once one gets higher in 
> levels. Like you said, how much grouping really goes on EQ1 for the 
> first 10 levels, especially if you are constantly trying out new toons, 
> etc. You don't have the chance to really get to know anyone yet.
> 
I tried sticking with a character a bit longer to test this out, and the 
OT Team 10-20 channel (thats not the right name precisely, but its 
close) is much busier.  So that rumor seems to have panned out.

I got in one group between 11 and 16.  But thats not a very fair 
assessment, because in a group, exp comes very quickly; I went from 11 
to 16 in about 45 minutes, including time to recover from a wipe.  I was 
14 before I even realized I'd leveled at all, because I wasn't paying 
attention; this means I hadn't upgraded my armor, hadn't spent any skill 
points, hadn't activated new nano abilities I was carrying around with 
me.  And I didn't even -own- any of the better treatment/first aid kits 
that I could use with my higher skill caps!

While soloing is good, grouping is radically better, even in a 
relatively inefficient group where we weren't coordinating our nano 
buffing capabilities or using strategy more complex than "lets try and 
keep most of the damage on the martial artist and not so much on the 
engineer"

This leads me to believe that indeed there's plenty of incentive for 
grouping in the game, once you get away from the newbie island, which is 
as much about getting together a good solid basic kit of gear as 
anythign else.

> A big concern for me is when I log in, I want to be able to go where my 
> friends are, my best friend in particular who is planning to play some 
> weeknights with me for a time, while we give this a go. You'd think 
> after three years, they'd have recognized the need for this to be easy 
> and implemented something that makes it so. I hope they have.

The tricks to this are relatively simple, if you know in advance that 
this is what you want to do.  Decide on a faction, and make sure all 
your buddies pick the same one.  Or, make a character of each faction, 
and coordinate which you will play/use direct tells to contact each other.

Interestingly, if the character you are sending a tell to isn't online, 
a message will be buffered for him.  So, log on, send all three of your 
buddies characters a message like "Omni today", and whichever he logs on 
with, he'll get that message, and log out and back on in his Omni character.

The instancing thing is also conquerable with collusion; you just go to 
a non instanced place and team up.  On newbie island, thats the 
teleportal room.  If doing subway, its right outside.  Missions is no 
problem, the places with mission terminals aren't instanced, so you meet 
at a terminal to get ready to go in.

> 
> You have some interesting points about the isolation of individuals in 
> the game given the factions and instancing in the world. On the other 
> hand, doesn't the design of the game mean few servers with very large 
> populations so that this balances out to be approximately the same in 
> the end as playing on a smaller server, such as in EQ? I think I 
> understand what you are saying though. That in this huge world with 
> these divisions, making friends and staying in touch with them is 
> hindered by the design.

Exactly, there are good things about this in the long run, for example 
the odds that you and I would randomly be on the same server are about 
50/50, while in EQ that would have been more like 1 in 20.  You could 
cover all the bases with just 6 characters; one for each faction in each 
of the two main servers!
> 
> But maybe it just appears this way in the beginning. You'd think an 
> MMORPG would facilitate the building of relationships with others as 
> desired and not make it difficult or even impossible. Perhaps this is 
> yet something else that cannot really be discerned fully until one has 
> played to higher levels.

Yep, I'm just registering first impressions and trying to get discussion 
going among the EQ natives who are trying AO out.  EQ is a different 
game at level 10 than it is at 60, by a long shot.  I'm sure AO is similar.
> 
> On the other hand, my best friend in EverQuest is someone I met on day 
> one in GFay and we've played together on and off and stayed in touch 
> ever since. It was day one for him too. We did play those first levels 
> together all the time. He's a High Elf Paladin and I a High Elf Cleric, 
> so we made a good pair and picked up others here and there as we went. I 
> don't know any of the people I met in GFay then anymore all this time 
> later but I still know him. I wonder how that would have played out in a 
> world like you describe in AO.
> 
Well, if you met someone while you were both neutral, and then picked 
opposite factions, then you'd have trouble at least at first.  But 
assuming you agreed on a faction, your only other problem would be the 
instancing thing, and this too would be easy enough to get around.  The 
biggest trouble I see is in forming the friendship in the first place, 
during the time when you are almost certainly in different instances. 
Once out in the "real world" it looks to me as though much of that 
problem vanishes, as you spend a good deal of your "down time" in non 
instanced areas.

Lance
aka Juan, 16 Omni Soldier, Atlantean


