From -8488279429112674306
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7cd745e15b15c6f1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-13 16:57:44 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.news.ucla.edu!ucdavis!runner.ucdavis.edu!ez064842
From: ez064842@runner.ucdavis.edu (Remington Stone)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Was I cheating?
Date: Fri, 13 Jul 2001 23:54:43 +0000 (UTC)
Organization: Infoholics Anonymous
Lines: 115
Message-ID: <9io1o3$38l$1@woodrow.ucdavis.edu>
References: <9in6gj0128b@enews2.newsguy.com> <3B4F3ABB.9DB3147E@alcaudon.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: runner.ucdavis.edu
X-Trace: woodrow.ucdavis.edu 995068483 3349 169.237.105.37 (13 Jul 2001 23:54:43 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: usenet@ucdavis.edu
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 13 Jul 2001 23:54:43 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:95264

David Navarro  said:
}Richard wrote:
}> This did not fill me with joy.  I felt a bit troubled by my actions.  This
}> wasn't the way Verant intended this quest be done.  It felt dangerously
}> close to an exploit.
}> 
}> So I put it to you all.  Was what I did cheating?

Heck no.  There's a similar situation in Oggok, where the Black Shadow 
Tunic quest can be used to raise faction with Grobb shadowknights.  I 
discussed the situation in detail with a guide, and retained screenshots 
of the coversation, just in case, and he gave me permission to quote him 
as giving specific permission to abuse the heck out of this quest.  
Despite the fact it requires creating a newbie ogre SK at each iteration 
in order to get the guild tunic...

My main reason for confirming with a guide, incidentally, was that I 
suspected the ogre SKs giving me positive Trollie SK faction might be a 
bug, since they haven't traditionally been allies.

}Well, just ask any Enchanter how they do the Stein of Moggok quest, and
}how they feel about it. :)

Yeah, I used a lvl 3 wizard named Trinkle about half the time.  She's 
still camped underwater in the pond and afraid to come out. :)

But the rest of the time, I did the regurgitonic route because I could 
combine it with other quests for a _lot_ of faction gain.  

I'll presume that you started out with a flask of nitrates from a previous 
iteration. :)

Get yourself bound at Oasis docks.  Head to Freeport, and buy a bunch of 
lanterns for Jyle Windshot to get yourself a few stacks of wood chips. 
Then catch the boat, and pack your inventory (minus one or two slots) with 
kiola nuts on Sister isle.  Race back to the boat before it leaves (you 
have about a minute for all the purchasing...) and head to Kaladim, 
stopping off to stock up on water flasks at the BB docks.  Turn all but 
one or two of your nuts in for Tumpy Tonics, and turn about half of those 
in for dwarven wire.  Run to Ak'anon, and as you pass thorugh steamfont, 
kill off any rogue clockworks or runaway clockworks you see, looking for 
microservos.  Run into Ak'anon and turn in the nitrates.  If you're really 
bored, camp Red V in the mines to get his container, and get rid of some 
of the blackbox fragments you got off the clockworks... also turn in scrap 
metal and rusted blackboxes to Sanfyrd Featherhead (a junkyard guy named 
Sanfyrd? hehehe...) and Malik Compolten.  Run back to Kelethin and do the 
Trueshot Longbow quest.  (Oh... master fletching.  It's cheap, compared 
to jewelry. :) ) Spend five minutes trying to sell the longbow... probably 
won't sell, but ya never know. :)  Gate.

Take the raft from Oasis, and start swimming south (and slightly east) 
just after you zone.  This is a good time to go get a fresh cup of 
cofffee. :) In the tim deep teleport room, zap yourself to Erudin docks.  
Run down to Toxx, and turn in wood chips to Emil Parsini for faction.  Go 
back into town and buy the Innoruuk's Kiss of Death, and take it to 
Sinnikin for the Tonic.  Go catch the boat.  If you're high enough level 
yet, you might try dropping the diseased shark for the barnacle 
breastplate quest. (Fairly useless, but good faction.  Give it to a total 
newbie to make their day. :) )  Getting that pally to like me took some 
time, though... think it took benevolence, Illusion: Erudite, and that 
still wasn't quite enough... 

So, boat to Qeynos.  Oh... when you picked up the flask of nitrates, also 
make sure you picked up the note from the guy in the Jaggedpines that you 
give to Nesiff in Qeynos, and get the little wooden idol to take back to 
him.  Also, turn in any red bandit sashes you may have accumulated 
during your last run through the Karanas.  also, stop in the Temple of 
life courtyard and get the blessed Oil flask. Run up to Surefall for a 
fresh flask of nitrates and note and turn in the idol, and try to sell the 
Trueshot on the way.  This is usually about when I actually find a 
buyer... much harder for those rangers to truck off and do the quest. :)  
Next, run to Halas and turn in the lion meat shipment you picked up at the 
WK barbarian camp your last trip through.  Take the Lion delight, and go 
try to find Iceberg.  This gives you lots of time to try selling the bow, 
and a fair number of rangers wander over to Everfrost in their teens.  
Give Iceberg his supper and make him all happy (yes, I love you too, 
Iceberg, there's a good boy. :) ) Run on down to the WK barbarian camp, 
stopping off to deliver the blessed oil to brother estle, and give 
Frostbite the regurgitonic.  Then give him the sweater and wave bye-bye 
to Frostbite.  (Actually, I used to advertise to the zone asking if anyone 
wanted to follow him for the langseax quest, but the one time anyone 
took me up on it, it turned out he had bad barbie faction, so he not 
only aggroed Frostbite, but also the guard, much to the annoyance of the 
necro who was camping him. :) ) Ok, pick up another shipment of lion 
meat and you can gate now, and then run to Rivervale and do the honey 
jum, or you can just run straight there.  The gating route is shorter, 
but you might have to wait for morning at the Kith zone, so decide based 
on the /time.  Also, if you do the non-gating route, you can also link in 
the clothspinner sister's quest from Qeynos, and also the one that starts 
in the courtyard of the Freeport Militia.  You may also be able to pick up 
a few red sashes off the bandits in the towers on the way up to highkeep.

Now that I presume you've killed the requisite bixies (either in Misty 
or Kith, again, depending on the time) and got your jum, gate again and 
run up to Freeport.  Turn in the 4 items for your Barkeep's Compendium.  
And check the bar to see if Groflah might be standing around, so you can 
offer him the rest of your Tumpy Tonics.  Consider restocking on 
woodchips.

Then gate and head down to Oggok and finish off the quest.  Although you 
can postpone that part and go to EC to find a buyer for that Trueshot you 
_still_ didn't sell, or possibly your last Stein of Moggok, if you still 
have it.  I frequently ended up in EC with a stein, a barkeep's 
compendium, and all 4 quest items pretty often.

Then, go spend all but about 50pp trying to raise your jewelry skill.
Lather, rinse, repeat. It's madness, but it works. :)

When I redid it with Taina, I also came up from Oggok to SK and /auc'ed 
for the lore scrolls for the Gem Inlaid Gauntlets quest, so pretty much my 
entire regular group on Cazic is wearing those.  I'm also probably one of 
the few people who ever grouped to fight at the spires at level 8. :)

[35 Enchanter] Zinphandel Chianti <Knights of IGF> (Gnome) Ayonae Ro
[14 Enchanter] Taina (Gnome) Cazic Thule


