From 3937448356832121966
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ef5f2b90faf0a80f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-13 11:29:14 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!feed.textport.net!sn-xit-04!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Keelhauler <khabc@usa.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: What is a good partner for a druid?
Date: Wed, 13 Jun 2001 14:28:21 -0400
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <3B27B0C5.FBD63A8@usa.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.77 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <bxCV6.138167$Ub.1659440@news1.rdc1.ab.home.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 61
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:85182

> I have a lvl 21 druid, and my friend is going to buy an account soon.  What
> would be the best companion for me?

Bottom line is for your friend to play what they will be happy with. 
Keep in mind that they may play several characters until they find one
they like.  

As a druid I have done a duo with almost every class and they all work
to varying degrees.  Having a good duo is important because in my
opinion a real life friend is a different kind of friend in EQ (usually)
than people you meet online.  

Some comments on the classes in druid duo:

Shaman: My best friend and I have spent the last 40 or so levels with
our druid/shaman duo.  Shaman dot/root and druid snare let us take
things neither of us could alone, and works great.  

Druid: A druid/druid duo works but there are some spells that won't
stack, so it's nice to do something else.  

Necromancer, Enchanter: I had a great time doing a duo with these. 
Charm/pet and fear work well with snare.  A necro is a better damage
dealer.  The enchanter gets some fancy tactics to use, some of which
might be better in a larger group.  

Bard: These guys can do a lot of different things.  I bet this would
work fine though I've only done this one at low levels.  

Mage, wizard: Druid snare kiting and pet or nuker doing damage.  Not bad
at all.  The mage is more efficient (pet), while the wizard makes more
pretty fireworks.  

Warrior, paladin, shadowknight: A druid and a tank type can support each
other well.  Druids are fair healers until mid levels.  Kiting works
well and will let you take big stuff though chasing a mob across the
landscape can be boring.  With the shadowknight you can do
fear/snare/dot/pet, which is nice.  

Monk, ranger:  My wife and I do a druid/ranger duo and it works fine. 
Again, kiting works well unless the melee damage dealer finds it
boring.  

Rogue:  This one deserves special mention, again because of snare
kiting.  A rogue friend and I got jumped by a nasty yellow con mob once,
with the rogue half health and me low on mana.  We didn't feel like
zoning so we decided to try... and we were amazed when we killed it! 
The damage a rogue can do when they get to use backstab consistently is
very nice.  

Cleric:  A druid and a cleric make the base for a very nice group, just
add either tanks or casters.  By themselves they sometimes have to work
pretty hard to do enough damage to kill mobs.  Fear/snare is possible.  

If you like dungeons, remember that monk, necro, and shadowknight get
feign death which can be useful for pulling in areas where you can't
cast harmony.  

If you anticipate getting the two of you into pickup groups you may want
to suggest a class that is desired in groups in the kinds of areas where
you like to hunt.


