From 6021550971294671364
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f8dc9c39772ff50e,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-24 09:56:56 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: ajs@ajs.com (Aaron Sherman)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Getting started
Date: 24 Dec 2002 09:56:54 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 133
Message-ID: <eaa2c627.0212240956.5cc29981@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 63.107.91.98
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1040752615 30138 127.0.0.1 (24 Dec 2002 17:56:55 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 24 Dec 2002 17:56:55 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:254391

Allow me to change topic a bit. Way back when (2 or 2.5 years ago
now), I started playing EQ. I was totally lost, and if not for a few
friends who played, I would have quit.

One thing that would help is a guide describing the first 20 levels of
life. I thought I was doing great getting to level 10 in a month
(heh).

Here's my shot at a start:

0. Buy Planes of Power, Luclin and the Trilogy. I hate to be the
marketing voice of SOE, but there are things in all three that you
will want. Luclin is the one you can do without the longest, if you
can't afford all three.

1. Don't even create a character. Go find a character creation guide
(castersrealm.com has one for each class) and consider a) what class
to you want to play (hint: choose a good class) b) what's the best
beginner race for that class (hint: human or elven races are best for
starters) and c) what stats should you choose.

2. If you choose a race where agnostic is an option, I would recommend
it. It eliminates some armor options later, but leaves you with less
places you will be killed on sight.

3. Go to eqatlas.com and print out the map of your race/class's home
city (log in to check if you're not sure)

4. Log in to the game and turn in your guild note. Also, hail (h key)
the folks in your guild area and see if they provide additional
starter quests. Feel free to do a couple of the ones that are of the
type, "go outside, kill stuff, get 4 of these things and bring them to
me". If you do that, you should be able to get to level 2 or 3 and get
a small amout of cash or items.

5. Assuming you started a good class and race, go to the Planes of
Power book nearest you (again, check eqatlas.com and also
allakhazam.com for locations). Once in the Plane of Knowledge, go to
the Freeport portal (maps, you know the drill) and zone to Freeport.
Go outside from where the book is and hunt there. For first level, you
may have some problems. After that, you can kill just about anything
that is blue to you. Most classes can kill things that are white at
this stage (if these colors sound confusing, try selecting a creature
and typing "c", note the color and text of the response).

6. Try to get others to group with you. Try typing "/lfg on" to turn
on your "looking for group tag" and also try (ONLY ONCE, DO NOT BE
ANNOYING ABOUT IT), "/ooc level 1 warrior LFG". Change the text as
appropriate.

7. Once you're level 4, you should have enough loot from creatures to
get some gold. Don't do business with the oger in the yard, he has bad
prices. Sell to the merchants in stores. Select spells carefully (go
to castersrealm.com and eqatlas.com to see where they are sold). You
can't afford more than 1 or 2 spells yet. If you have a non-caster,
buy some simple armor.

8. Go out to the next zone (EC or Eastern Commons). In a group or solo
you should be able to get to level 6 without straying far from the
zone line. This is good, because you will have to run sometimes. You
will now begin to experience down-time if you are solo. To fix this,
get a group.

9. At level 6, go through the tunnel on the left wall and zone to
Northern Desert of Ro (NRO). Go left along the wall to the grassy
area. The grass divides teens-level creatures from single-didget
creatures. Stay near the line and pull whatever cons blue (or white or
yellow if you are in a group).

10. Keep moving out through NRO as you get higher level. Eventually
(around 11-15) you can start taking on the bandits, and even making
some forays into Oasis if you are in a group.

11. Once you are level 15, go look up the guide on eqatlas.com for
getting to Kunark or just go back to Plane of Knowledge (PoK) and take
the Overthere (OT) Portal. You want to go to the Overthere. and find a
group of low-level people near the "mudpit" (see any map). Do not go
in the outpost unless you are agnostic, and even then con things
carefully to see if you are KoS.

12. Kill in OT until you are 20. Then go to one of: Lake of Ill Omen,
Warslik's Woods, Netherbian Lair (Luclin, off of Nexus) or Palaudal
Caverns (Luclin off of Shar Vahl).

13. Once you get to level 30, you can go to "the ledge" in OT and look
for a group. These groups are good experience, and if you get a good
group you will learn about things like fast pulling.

14. Along the way, if you can get a group to go into the various
low-level dungeons (see the level chart on eqatlas.com), you get
better experience in dungeons, but it's harder. Learn how to fight in
a dungeon now, and things will go easier later on....

This progression should easily get you to 30+

Things to remember along the way:

* Use PoK to get back to your home town if you want.
* Train your skills at least one level when they become available. You
don't really "get" the skill until you put one point into it.
* Loot the corpses of the dead creatures and sell what they have to
vendors.
* Get groups when you can. It really helps.
* When people do annoying things, don't assume they were doing it to
annoy you.
* If you die before level 10, don't worry. You don't lose experience
yet, and you don't have to "loot your corpse" yet. After level 10,
don't worry too much. Until about level 20-30 the experience loss is
not that bad. DO go and get your stuff back though.
* Sometime early on, depending on class, melee types will want to
start switching weapons to keep skills going up in multiple
catagories. Monks and Beastlords will want to practice 1HB, 2HB and
HTH. Warrirors of all flavors will want to practice 1HS, 2HS and 1HB
at least. Rogues really need to be good at piercing as well as 1HS.

As for money, some of the things you collect from creatures sell well
to other players. You can go to The Bazaar to sell them or try to sell
them "on the spot" using the "/auction" command. The things that go
well are Bone Chips (usually 2-3pp per stack), Spiderling Silks (1-2pp
per stack), Spider Silks (10pp per stack), and pelts of all sorts
(prices vary a lot, but high quality pelts sell best, and usually for
15-25pp each). Ruined pelts are hard to sell. They can just go to
merchants, or you can use them to practice tailoring.

If you shop in The Bazaar, try not to get caught up buying the ONE
thing that looks best. Buy many, cheaper things to make your money
work for you. Once you have some equipment for all of your slots,
start slowly upgrading each piece. Some of it you can upgrade simply
by hunting (once you're mid-to-high 20s, for example, there's a good
bracer that drops in WW and a nice helm that drops in FM for melee
types, I'll let you find them, but I suggest searching on allakhazam).

Good luck, and enjoy the game!


