From -1864156617370355318
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,UTF8
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e88671a7072fbea5,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-26 13:30:15 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeeds.belnet.be!news.belnet.be!uni-erlangen.de!fu-berlin.de!uni-berlin.de!correl1.hp.COM!not-for-mail
From: Dark Jedi <Dark_Jedi@deathstar.org>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: RP server data
Date: Wed, 26 Sep 2001 14:30:06 -0600
Lines: 120
Message-ID: <NTmyO2SOdtqHFRVlNWQS6WxWuyhG@4ax.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: correl1.hp.com (156.153.255.178)
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=utf-8
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: fu-berlin.de 1001536208 15784005 156.153.255.178 (16 [80493])
Cancel-Lock: sha1:jzGqbstWean/v+nXMiMy8X/M36s=
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.6/32.525
X-NFilter: 1.2.1-b1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:121177

http://eq.castersrealm.com/viewarticle.asp?Article=3802

It seems there will be some nice changes. 
(Sorry if someone else covered this, I looked but didn't see any posts
on it)

My take: Suh-weeet! Many changes to promote roleplaying. Faction and
alignment really matter, but PvP is off. I would like a workable PvP
solution too, but PK asswipes make that near impossible.

Hello all, 
Given that we are very close to launching the new server into live
beta, I wanted to talk a bit about it and give you a ‘closer to final’
feature list (although it’s still very subject to change). 
First, just what are we going to call it? As I’d mentioned in an
earlier post, we do hesitate to call it an ‘RP’ server for two
reasons: 

1. We feel all of our servers are Role Playing Servers and that
EverQuest is indeed a Role Playing Game. 

2. We feel it’s pretty much impossible to define what Role Playing is
verbally, much less via a rule set. 

The idea then came up to call it the ‘Alignment’ server, since a
character’s alignment is pretty key to many of the features we’re
implementing. But, to me, that still doesn’t speak to what the server
is really all about. From my perspective it’s an RP server, an
Alignment server, a hard-core ‘Seige Perilous’ style server, and,
quite simply, an experiment server, where we’re implementing some
potential ideas for the long-term future, as well as some features
we’d probably have put in the game originally, given 20/20 hindsight. 

So, from here forward, I’m just going to call it by its server name,
Firiona Vie (in fact, while we’re waiting on the Nameless to create
more gods, we plan on naming future servers after Heroes and other
prominent mortals in Norrath’s illustrious history). We don’t mind if
you still call it the RP Server, or whatever else you’re so inclined,
but we’re going to stick to using its ‘proper’ name. 

Lastly, before I list the features, I do want to say the following
again: This feature set will undoubtedly be controversial. It will
also undoubtedly not be consistent with many players’ views as to what
an RP server or any other server should be. In fact, this is (combined
with having less servers overall in the past) why we’ve been hesitant
to launch such a server. But we’re going forward with this anyway, and
we hope it will make an interesting and even possibly better
EverQuest. And we hope that some if not many players will enjoy it. 

At the very least, it sure will be a different server 

- Brad 


Firiona Vie Server Feature List:
This is a new server, not a split server. Nor will there be any
transfers to this server. 

This is a PvE (Player vs. Environment) server, NOT a PvP (Player vs.
Player) server. In other words, it’s a standard ‘blue’ server with the
same rules and features regarding PvP as the vast majority of our
servers. It is not one of the ‘Zeks’. 

Auction restricted to city zones: Qeynos, Surefall Glade, Highkeep,
Freeport, Rivervale, Erudin, Halas, Neriak, Grobb, Oggok, Greater
Faydark, Ak'Anon, Kaladim, Felwithe, Paineel, Cabilis, Kael and
Thurgadin. 

Beneficial buff spells will not work on characters 20 levels lower
than the caster. 

Very few items will be No-Drop. Exceptions will include things such as
newbie notes and epic weapons. 

Each character will be assigned an "alignment" upon creation. This
alignment will be described in brief on the character creation screen
(in the same location the their Deity is described). 

Each character will be able to change their alignment once any time
after they reach 10th level. The player will be able to chose from a
list of alignments based on their race, class and deity. 

A character's alignment will determine whether or not they can group
or guild with other characters. 

A character's alignment will determine an experience bonus or penalty
when grouping with other characters. 

A character's alignment will determine if they can cast beneficial
spells on other characters (including resurrections). 

Language skills will improve only through group chat in the same zone
and from /say. 

Languages will only improve 1 point each hour and will be capped at
level*5+5 skill points. 

Common will not exist. A Human language will be added and only made
easily available to certain races. 

One character per account per server. 

The Trivial Loot Code will be in effect in all zones. 

Bind Affinity will be restricted for all characters to locations where
melee characters can bind on other servers. 

/emote will be language specific 

All characters will be /roleplay. 

/alignment will display the alignment of your character and probably a
more detailed description of that alignment.



--
"In religion and politics people's beliefs and convictions
are in almost every case gotten at second-hand, and without examination."
-Samuel Clemens (Mark Twain)


