From -9103636522520116235
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,14a9a331c4afe6ca,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-08-07 04:25:57 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!snoopy.risq.qc.ca!chi1.webusenet.com!news.webusenet.com!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F323725.73405A07@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: PLing with a mage
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 112
Date: Thu, 07 Aug 2003 11:31:46 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.233.205
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1060255906 66.109.233.205 (Thu, 07 Aug 2003 07:31:46 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 07 Aug 2003 07:31:46 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:295985

Well, I started this mage primarily to group with my friend who
was starting over with a shaman.  But due to some unexpected
events she hasn't been on much, and when she has been it hasn't
been at the same time as me.  Recently we managed to get back in
touch and discovered that I hit 24 while she's still 9!

Well, that won't do.  I can of course go back to playing a
different character while I wait for her to catch up.  But I'm
having fun with the mage, and that could be a pretty long wait.

So I was thinking, PL time.  She's run numberous characters
before, including a druid to 65, and of course I'm the same, plus
I've run a shaman to 51 and can help her learn the class fairly
well.  I'm not too concerned about her losing out on the "how to
play a shaman" end of things, particularly when you consider that
she intends to solo a lot and to group with my mage a lot.

What I am concerned about is how to go about it!

OK, I have a 9 point DS.  But no heal or regen to go with it;
while a druid can PL lowbies with DS and regen and spot heals,
allowing them to survive massive numbers of mobs which slaughter
themselves on the porcupine, I can only boost her damage output,
not her ability to stay alive.

Another plan I've seen is for high levels to DS themselves and
let the mobs get really badly hurt before the PLee does the last
little bit of damage and KS's the things.  But at 24 I probably
still have fewer HP than she does at 9, I'm a woefully poorly
equipped untwinked gnome mage, after all.  And I don't have a
self heal anyway, so I'm no better a target for the mobs than she
is.

I do have a pretty good pet heal... but it works only on my own
pet, and if he's getting hurt he's dishing out the damage, so
she'll have to try and outdamage him... not too likely to happen.

This brings me down to the "half damage" systems.  For these, I
need to do less than half the damage to each mob, and she needs
to do the rest.  I can nuke for that, but that takes mana.  Or I
can send in pet to do it, which seems to me the way to go.  Pet
doesn't cost mana and does damage in small chunks so he probably
won't go well over the remaining damage with his final blow.

Three ways to do half damage plan.

One, She works on mob till its low enough for me to finish it
off.  This means she's doing over half the damage with the mob
beating on her, and risks me doing so much damage with the
killing blow that I still outdamage her (she does 55% and then I
do not only the remaining 45%, but 20% more than that by
accidental overkill)

Two, we work on mobs simultaneously.  I don't see any way to
figure out where the halfway point is with this plan, though, so
I have to deliberately nerf my performance down.  And she takes
the beating thru the whole fight.

Three, I arrange to do just under half the damage to the mob,
then she does the rest.  With this plan, the mob (if a runner)
runs during the final section of the fight, so she only has to
take perhaps 30% of the beating that tanking the mob start to
finish would entail.

Complicating this still further is the fact that assuming I'm
using DS, some of the damage is unattributed.  This makes it
difficult to tell when the 50% point is reached.  Plan One, when
mob reaches 45% health, has she done 50% and the DS 5%?  Or has
she done 25% and the DS 30%?  I have to not outdamage her %, so
if I do the remaining 45% and she's done 50% we are golden, but
if she's only done 25% my perfectly calibrated finishing nuke
goes way over budget.

Plan Three is a bit better, presumably I'd use a fire pet to do
my share of the damage, so a substantial part of his damage
output is in DS; when the mob is at 45% he's the one thats only
done 50% or 25% or whatever of the damage.

But I'm currently leaning towards plan two, oddly enough.
Because I thought of a way to scale my damage output down; use a
lower level pet!  If I use a level 4 air pet I won't be at any
risk of outdamaging her, I can keep her DS'd as well to help drop
the mob faster while still not risking outdamaging her.  In a
couple levels, I can move to the level 8 air pet.  I'd stick with
Air because the stuns will cut down on damage she's recieving.

I can of course also supply her with a full array of mage
summoned focus items.

Once we get her up to 16 so she can group me things will improve
markedly.  But there another question arrives; if we group and I
kill mobs that are green to me but blue to her, how does this
work out as far as exp for her goes?  Does she get: no exp; full
exp, her normal share of exp as if I -was- getting exp?

What else.  Oh, things to do while waiting for her to catch up.
I could start tinkering, is it a massive time waster on the level
of tailoring, or just on the level of pottery, or somewhere in
between?  I could farm stuff for cash... whats a good farm spot
for a level 24 mage where he won't get exp but will get decent
enough loot that he won't feel he's wasted the time... note I'm
on Firiona Vie so nothing tagged Magic Item will drop off
greens.  I could work on research the hard way, instead of
blowing my research points... but this would entail roaming
around shopping off vendors for parts, as the mobs that drop them
are definately exp ones.

Or I could go play my cleric, I hear Focus stacks with BAOR
now...

Splendid One, 24 gnomage, Firiona Vie



