From 8387952044740395007
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f0d44bca314a86a9,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-02 12:20:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!leto.ou.edu!ounews.ou.edu!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Good mini-week
From: please@reply.in.here (Zymyool)
Message-ID: <92D89185Dpleasereplyinhere@129.15.2.142>
User-Agent: Xnews/03.08.26
Lines: 133
Date: Mon, 02 Dec 2002 20:20:25 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 167.16.161.87
X-Complaints-To: news@ou.edu
X-Trace: ounews.ou.edu 1038860425 167.16.161.87 (Mon, 02 Dec 2002 14:20:25 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 02 Dec 2002 14:20:25 CDT
Organization: The University of Oklahoma
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:249795

After reading the S. Ro AC thread ( well, the part of it that wasn't moronic 
flaming ), I decided to give the AC a chance to die last Tuesday.  If the zone 
was unpopulated, I was going to try a semi-scientific approach to gather more 
data.

I took a 54 Wiz and a 53 Rng bud there and started our "camp."  As soon as we 
zoned in a 54 chanter OOCd "I don't think he's going to show tonight, good 
luck, all." and gated out.  I checked the game clock and it was 5:00am.

There were a few other AC hopefuls in the zone at the time, so doing anything 
even semi-scientifically was pretty much out as we couldn't really control the 
kills.  So, we just went about slaying shit.  I whomped up on everything I 
could find, giving preference to cats if there was a choice.  Day went by and 
the evening came on and *POP* sand giants started showing their faces.  Someone 
was killing the tower spawn randomly, so timing anything based on that guy was 
out.

We killed the SGs through the EQ night and after day time came again, no SGs 
popped.  Standard daytime slayings, same guy killing the tower spawn, and at 
night the SGs started popping again.  Killed them all, and even got a spawn of 
Terrorantulings.  I had only seen these things once before and it was after 
Terrorantula was killed, so I had assumed they only spawned after it died, but 
I was wrong.

Day rolls around again, no SG pops.  Hrm, too much for a coincidence here.  Guy 
killing the tower mob is gone, and I swing by there about 6:00 game time.  The 
tower mob is dead.  I asked my buds if they killed it, and the Rng did and he 
said the game time was about 5:00.  Rng spots the Young Ronin.  We kill it, but 
no monks in zone.  Back to slaying.  One of the "weird" rares pop ( the ones 
with the slightly different name ) and we kill it.  A SG pop, it goes down.  
Now, I'm standing somewhere south of the DE merchants and I turn around.  
There's another giant, BARELY in my sight, obscured by haze.  No, it's not.  
It's the wrong color.  Target ->  Ancient Cyclops.  [ insert shit in pants ]  / 
shows no one else in zone but us and 2 lower levels.  I bang my "calling the 
next target key" 3 times and do a "/g North side, right of center"  We get 
there all about the same time and he goes down FAST ( Ice Comet is a wonderful 
thing ).  I get my ring and can't wait to turn it in.

I really can't add much to the mystery, but I got my damned ring and later got 
my boots.  Never did a SG or AC pop during "daytime" hours.

-= a few days later =-

I'm helping a guildie with some xfers and I get a tell from one of our 2 guild 
clerics ( this one was 50 and the other dinged 58 last night ) asking if I want 
to join them in "the hand room."  I reply "LGuk?" and he says "KC."  Oof. I'm 
level 46 at the time and have heard that you don't go too far into Karnor's at 
that level.  I tell him I can make it in about 15 minutes if they want to wait.  
No prob, they have a 60 chanter babysitting them until I get there.  A warrior 
meets me at the zoneline and takes me up to the "Hand Room"  I didn't have time 
to take note on the route because of how fast we were running, so I was 
basically lost.  Nice.

We get to the room, and it's empty of Mobs, except for the Skeleton we brought 
with us.  They take it down quickly.  I sit to mem battle spells after getting 
invited in, and as I'm finishing up ( memmed 3 stuns instead of 2 and Gate 
knowing I'd never get a gate off in here ) the puller comes in with 3 
Bodyguards.  Red, red, red.  Great.  I try to mez one - resist and now he's 
after me.  Stun him, and then my cleric guildie roots him.  I move and try to 
mez another.  It takes.  I go back to the first one, tash and mez.  Cool.  
Immediately, it breaks mez.  Oh, no it didn't, the 60 chanter is still there, 
and he mezzed it.  Cool.

I let the other chanter handle the rest of the duties while I figure out what 
class and levels we have and afte a while the battle is finished.

The 60 Enc KEIs us and heads out.  I tell the group that I'm going to have 
serious problems if that pull is the norm.  The puller assures me they are the 
hardest things we will normally fight and that was a rare bad pull.  Ok, good 
to know.

They start pulling some more and they are mostly blue and maybe white to me.  
No prob, we mow them down as we can, Shaman is slowing, I'm hasting, booning, 
tashing, mezzing.  High-energy battles, I must say.  Very efficient group, 
little chatter, slight banter, good players.  Just the way I like it.

*POP*  A nasty looking hand.  Now I know where the room gets it's name from.  
We're killing it and *POP* another hand.  Neat.  Kill it and *POP* another 
hand.  Fun.  A monk runs in the room for a minute and then leaves, and the GL 
says "Monks says Warlord is up."  Everyone's happy, so I guess this is a good 
thing.  He goes out and calls the INC.  I assist and con.  Red, of course.  We 
drop him and he drops this:

Supple Scale Armband
AC: +3 Wis: +5 Int: +5 Fire Resist: +10 Mana: +25 

There's the Shammy, my cleric buddy, and me that can use it ( no-drop ).  We 
roll 100 - 200.  I think the rolls were 104, 108, 112.  The shammy rolled the 
112.  We laugh about the rolls while she loots.

We kill some more mobs and the puller announces the Warlord is up -again-.  How 
nice.  We pull him and he drops the same armband.  My cleric friend tells me he 
isn't going to roll, and I get it by default.  Nice upgrade over the thing I 
had ( can't remember, but it wasn't good ).

We kill for another hour and then the Shammy and the Ranger (?) have to leave.  
Someone says they have a Shammy friend coming from far away and we grab a Necro 
that's in the zone.

KEI drops.  Oof.  No shammy, so I'm on Slows -and- Haste, and less damage 
output.  I was nuking earlier when I had the mana, but that's not a 
possibility, now.

We barely hold the room for a little while and the Shammy makes it to KC, but 
can't get to us - keeps training to the zone.  I'm getting LOM ( chain-stunning 
to lock the Mob when the cleric has less mana than I ) and the cleric is 
getting LOM.  The warrior is telling me to nuke, which I don't do because I can 
chain stun forever while a nuke takes a ton of my mana and right now, my mana 
is pretty precious since we have at least one mezzed at all times.

We are about finish the hand roatation, and are pretty LOM, and all of the 
sudden, there's 3 more mobs in the room.  I don't have mass mez memmed, so I 
try to mez one, which grabs me aggro, and with the confusion of the random 
adds, I go down like a sack of taters.

I pop in PoK, see the Shammy get added to the party, and listen to the battle 
from afar.  The shammy apologizes for the train and my death ( was half a blue 
from 47 ), which isn't a big deal to me, as I get a 90% rez, I got a nice 
upgrade, and I saw a new zone.

They end up zoning, and someone gets my corpse, I get the rez, and the group 
breaks up.  Wasted death, but that's ok.

I ran the PoK quest the next morning 4 times and dinged 47.  All in all, a good 
couple of days for me.

-- 
Karana Server
Zymyool     Level 47 Gnomish  Enchanter
Draglorvin  Level 16 Dwarven  Warrior
Purrloin    Level 11 Vah Shir Rogue
Rayzin      Level 06 Vah Shir Shaman
Dragemrezem Level 01 Halfling Rogue Hole Corpse Dragger


