From -8590838570215137416
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4a2a675d20d27fcb
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-07-01 05:34:15 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!transit.news.xs4all.nl!not-for-mail
From: "Kilmir" <nospam@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <F8eMa.12738$sh4.997418@newsfep2-win.server.ntli.net>
Subject: Re: More boring Newbie crap.. Humour me.
Date: Tue, 1 Jul 2003 14:34:14 +0200
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2727.1300
Lines: 137
Message-ID: <3f017fc1$0$49106$e4fe514c@news.xs4all.nl>
NNTP-Posting-Date: 01 Jul 2003 14:34:09 CEST
NNTP-Posting-Host: 213.84.72.68
X-Trace: 1057062849 news.xs4all.nl 49106 213.84.72.68:1781
X-Complaints-To: abuse@xs4all.nl
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:290792

"Webmuppet" <webmuppet@hotmail.com> wrote in message
news:F8eMa.12738$sh4.997418@newsfep2-win.server.ntli.net...
> Hi,
>
> Being in the UK and about 4 years behind the rest of the world, I just
> bought Everquest and have a few questions if anyone can be bothered...
>
> 1) Is it still worth it? Are there enough other people still playing that
> are of a low enough level to be interested in grouping with a new
character.

Not sure, but the lowest levels you can solo your way around and learn the
basics. After level 10 or so people tend to group up because killing
monsters for exp is harder to do solo. Some solo classes excepted but even
those tend to group because of group-exp-bonus.

> 2) I have plenty of time to play, but not at set times so grouping is a
> problem except in an ad-hoc type fashion. Everyone says that Mages/Necros
> are the best for solo?

Soloing is mostly if you live in a really odd timezone or can only play for
1 or 2 hours continuously. For the rest there is the "pickup group" system
which is basically the method to group till you get in a guildand even then
pickups are more the rule then the exception.

If you do want to solo then there are several classes which have various
abilities to make that work. Druids and Necro's are masters because of their
versatility. Mages, chanters and wizards are also good but require more
skill and I wouldn't advise starting with those.

> 3) If I persist with EQ, will it give me a good grounding for EQ2 in
> December when it all kicks off again?

EQ1 will remain if only because of the size of the gameworld and the fact
that lots of people have put in years to build their characters and don't
want to give that up so easely. EQ2 also uses a completely different
leveling/skill system, basically a new gameworld / geography and a different
way of handling mudflation so it will be very different from EQ1.

> 4) I hear loads of talk on quading, kiting, twinking, blinging etc, etc.
It
> all sounds extremely complicated for a casual gamer?

You'll learn. Just ask anything you want to know :).
The things you mentioned:
quading - killing 4 mobs at the same time by using area-of-effect nukes.
wizards and druids have the best set of spells for this technique
kiting - making sure you run faster then a mob then use damage-over-time
spells or nukes on the mob. after a cast you run a bit further away and cast
another spell. if your mana can hold you can kill mobs much higher level
then you because they don't get a chance to retaliate. The name was given
because it's like the player is running around with the mob following it
seemingly via an invisible string as a kite.
twinking - giving good gear and/or cash (pp) to a new or alt character.
Basically making it overpowered for it's level

blinging doesn't ring any bells. sure that was used?

> 5) Is the server list I see (EQ Gold, UK) only populated with Europeans,
or
> are the servers world-wide?

All servers are worldwide. There are a few servers based in europe but that
doesn't mean there won't be any americans there anyway.

> 6) I have all the expansion packs, but no idea how to use them?

If you have a package-deal then the expansions are already enabled with your
keycode. If you bought expansions separately you need to run the cd to put
the files there then start the game and log in to the server select screen.
There you will get the option to enable expansions. Click it and enter the
keycode which should be on the cd-cover.
Also make sure you go to the advanced options in the patcher and click all
expansions you have. that will download any upddated files for those
expansions. You might run into trouble if you don't do this.

> 7) Is the only way to work out the best areas for class/race combos just
> casual experimentation and is it true that as a solo, there are places I
> just can't go?

Races are not very important. As for info per class.. there are very good
class-specific sites on the net. Casual experimentation is fun though, don't
let guides get n your way of exploring or trying things unheard off. You
might stumble upon a very good tactic formerly unknown :).
As for going places. Aside from certain zones which require keys, flags or a
minimum level you can go basically anywhere. If it's usefull to go to
certain places as a solist, no. Several zones are meant for groups and
others even for raids. You'll learn what place is good for what.

> 8) In a group, when you get killed, is there any easy way to find your way
> back to them?

Groups generally pick obvious places to "camp", but you really should know
the zone and the way to the zone asap. The first few levels you won't leave
the first zone, but when you start to travel it's best to make damn sure you
remember where you are. I for instance lost at least 20 corpses with my
first few chars.
Most groups later on have at least 1 cleric or paladin in there with the
resurrection line of spells. If you die they just cast that spell on your
corpse and you get teleported back with some exp regain. Very usefull and
clerics are highly valued for it.

> 9) I have seen all kinds of maps on the interweb for individual places,
but
> no indication as to how they all go together, ie Halas leads to Everfrost
> etc?

go to www.eqatlas.com they have zone connection maps aside from the maps per
zone. After you've ran through several zones you generally know the way
though. There are also in-game maps which you can activate by default the
backspace button. There are places on the net to download complete maps of
almost all zones.

> 10) I'm playing on the Newbie server? Is there anything wrong with staying
> there, or should I head for a different one?

Newbie server? What's that?
If you want to go to a euro server I'd advise Kane Bayle or Antonius Bayle.
Those 2 have a solid player base (KB a bit smaller because it's the last
"new" server where everyone had to start over instead of moving their chars
from another server) and have a few UK based guilds afaik. You might just
want to try several servers before deciding, jsut to get a feel for the
players there.

> 11) Is magic and spell casting complex?

Nope. And with the last patch it even got more easy. Also, only 3 classes
don't use any magic at all, Warriors, Monks and Rogues. All others get
spells at one level or another :).

> 12) Are there any UK guilds / groups worth joining as a casual.

Probably :)
Look at the msgboards of the server. There is usually a guildlisting and
descriptions of them.




