From 2110393836988941011
X-Google-Thread: fb739,21365302c45e26ce
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news2.google.com!newsread.com!news-xfer.newsread.com!newspeer.monmouth.com!HSNX.atgi.net!sienna.impulse.net!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Question for the EQ2 veterans
Date: Wed, 27 Apr 2005 13:14:22 -0700
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <116vsb9bpgs22d1@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <dGQbe.22794$Jg7.11219@fe03.lga>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Response
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 111
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:35101


"Crash86" <crash86@shotmail.com> wrote in message 
news:dGQbe.22794$Jg7.11219@fe03.lga...

> I'm trying to walk the fence and figure out what the process was in the 
> meeting room when Smedley (et.al.) came to the decision that something 
> like StationExchange was a damn fine idea.

Yeah, would love to have been a fly on that wall.

> Having only been back in EQ2 for a couple of months, I have absolutely no 
> reference point as far as player numbers go.

I'm not aware of any reliable data (there is a guy who publishes "numbers" 
but the accuracy of his estimates is an open question). My usual indicator 
of the numbers is a simple assessment of the server population. When things 
are going well, new servers are being added and existing servers are 
overpopulated. You can try and create a character and see the status of the 
various available servers. If all of them are High population, you see this. 
When things are going south, servers are Low population, and in extreme 
situations (e.g., EQ1), consolidation is occurring to reduce the number of 
available servers.

SOE seems to have guessed pretty accurately their server requirements. Most 
of the servers filled up pretty fast at launch and a few new ones were 
created at that time to accomodate the big spike, but nothing dramatic. 
Since then I've noticed that server populations are routinely High and very 
overpopulated, but I've only seen one (or maybe two) new servers come 
online. What I draw from all of this is that the population is growing 
slowly, SOE is upping capacity cautiously, but that growth is either modest 
or being offset by somewhat smaller losses. But still going north. This is 
backed by some very anecdotal accounts from friends of mine in the industry 
who tell me "it's still selling well".

> Were they not expecting Blizzard to be as strong of a player as they've 
> become?  I can see that.  The evidence is there if you listen to Smedley 
> talking about starting up PvP in EQ2.  But again, I don't see how 
> implementing StationExchange is going to help their cause against 
> Blizzard. I don't think Blizzard is particularly worried about SOE right 
> now. Blizzard is going to have to be it's own worst enemy at this point.

Agreed, Blizzard could give two hoots about SOE, they are their own 
phenomenon and their biggest problem is dealing with the problem every 
business wants to have: too many customers. Servers are overpopulated, new 
servers are coming online, and server downtimes, crashes and queues to get 
in and play in the first place are legendary. The problems seem to have 
subsided a little lately (or maybe I just don't hear about it as much since 
I cancelled my two accounts last month). Blizzard probably doesn't spend 
many cycles worrying about SOE, they have plenty of their own issues to 
worry about if they ever take the time to stop counting all the money their 
making in the meantime.

I think SOE did regard Blizzard as a big potential threat. I suspect this is 
why they launched first and there may be other decisions (e.g., PvP) that 
were influenced by WoW's anticipated impact. I've seen some change in 
positioning as EQ2 stopped being referenced as the game for the more casual 
MMOGer (lol) and SOE's marketing has even picked up on WoW server problems 
as a point of differentiation. As between the two companies, Blizzard is 
doing a better job of defining itself on its own terms, while SOE seems more 
reactive.

> Are they wanting a piece of IGE's pie?

I think this is ultimately was the big issue. Here's how I think part of the 
internal conversation might have gone:

"Look, guys, the market has spoken. IGE is making money hand over fist 
because players WANT access to high end gear and currency and are willing to 
pay for it. This is uncontroverted, it's happening, despite *years* of our 
trying to stomp it out. This isn't a moral issue, it's simple economics. If 
we don't provide the service someone else will provide it -- Hell, they ARE 
providing it -- and we're just leaving money on the table while these guys 
monetize the value of content that we have created and that we own".

"I agree that it's not a moral issue, but the economics aren't that simple. 
If you piss off our legacy audience that grew up and socialized around the 
culture that WE established with bannings of accounts and other radical 
remedies while we stomped out the evil with powerful arguments that it would 
ruin the game experience for everyone, we're going to lose a large 
contingent of players who, quite frankly, have defined us and differentiated 
us from the kiddy-crowd that plays on battle.net. That's a class A economic 
issue and I don't think you have the data to back up your assertion that the 
gain from this scheme will overcome the loss from abandoning that core 
group. Do you really want to go head to head with Blizzard without the 
support of our legacy customer base"?

And so on. Ultimately, the decisions are made by corporate executives, not 
gamers (although there is hopefullly considerable overlap) and in this case 
the corporate execs won based on their belief that the gains to be had would 
offset the anticipated losses that would flow as the purists (many of whom 
will speak loudly here and elsewhere) depart. It's a calculated risk and 
someday will probably make a great business school case study.

Meanwhile, I hope the game that I'm enjoying playing stays enjoyable. ;-)

-- 
Redbeard, the Relic Keeper
<Veritas>
Dwarven Mystic of 50 Winters & Alchemist
Loyal Citizen of the Antonia Bayle
Current resident of Qeynos Harbor
http://veritas.everquest2guilds.com
http://eq2players.station.sony.com/en/pplayer.vm?characterId=105183104

Descendant of the Elder Winterfury Thunderwolf
<Resolution, Retired>
Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie





