From 8304355215791965165
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,78a43a96a07518a8,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-02-27 02:30:59 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: GoD: Purifying Plant and the Ancient
Date: Fri, 27 Feb 2004 02:31:28 -0800
Organization: Absolved
Message-ID: <103u732lk6ms630@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 71
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:21156

I thought I'd share my experience taking on the first boss in the GoD sewer
trials. Since Purifying Plant is easily the hardest of the various sewer
trials, getting past this one is probably the biggest obstacle to making
progress and getting flagged for the tier 2 trials. If you can kill this
guys, you'll be well prepared to take on the other trials.

Get the trial from the High Priest and make your way through the dungeon
(see thread titled "GoD almighty!" for additional information on this
expedition). Trial mobs aren't any different from their Gamesh counterparts
so just make your way through the sewers killing whatever's in the way.
Shortly after starting you'll come to an npc named Ansharu, standing alone
in a corner that leads to a deadend. Have every member of your party hail
him. He'll give you some text that you should read, and then continue on
until you come to a big room with a well in the center. You'll have to jump
into this well and immediately turn right (West) and swim to the tunnel that
leads up into the rest of the dungeon. Make sure that everyone in your party
knows to STOP in their tracks as soon as they exit the water because there
will be a mob there waiting for anyone who gets too close. Good time to
check buffs, mana and do quick bios/afks before proceeding, as it's one of
the few places where you don't have to watch your back for repops.

I found the hardest part of this trial was just getting to the boss room.
The final hallway leading into his lair is populated by stonemites that hide
in the walls, come in pairs, hit hard as hell, and repop in 45 seconds. This
makes it *extremely* difficult to actually clear the passageway and, after
wiping at this point many times, I finally came to the conclusion that the
best approach was just to bypass them altogether.

As you leave the last big open room and head down the last hallway leading
into the boss room, you'll come to a corner that angles right, heading
straight into the final room. Clear to this corner and GO NO FURTHER. Get
everyone in your party invised and lev'd. Now, just run straight into the
lair right past all the mites in the hall. You'll enter into a large, open
room filled with liquefied sewage (ewww). After entering, turn left and head
for the corner. Park your casters there. Just ahead, along the wall, will be
a sewage pipe that you can walk on. Have your melees run up on top of this
pipe and look at the room. There are 9 aged stonemites forming a pattern in
the center of the room, all very close to each other. No worries, they are
single pulls even though they look very cozy all snuggled up to each other.

Pull them one by one and take them out. The best positioning is to have your
melees up on the pipe while your casters remain levitated in the left entry
corner. As long as the puller is on the pipe and the melees engage him up
there the mites will come up out of the water and your levitating casters
will be able to hit them with spells.They're formidable, but not that hard
to take out. At 65 they con DB, have many hps, rampage, and mitigate Slow to
"partial".  Still, they slowed reliably, took full damage from my DoTs and
with a good tank and healer it was just a matter of technique before each
one went down. When the 9th one dies you will immediately spawn the Ancient
boss so stop after you've killed the 8th and take a break to med to full and
refresh buffs and Lev.

Kill the final aged mite and be prepared for an immediate spawn of the the
Ancient, an even con at 65 who is immune to Slow. He spawns as soon as the
9th aged dies, without any warning, so make sure no one blows their wad
fighting the 9th aged mite. With your casters in the corner they will remain
out of range of this guy's devastating AE mana drain, but your Pallies and
SK's will have to deal with it. He's not that difficult to kill but he does
significant damage so your healers had better have their plan together for
CH and patch heals.

Kill, celebrate, and return to the HP for your flag. Your next trial awaits!

-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Prophet of 65 Winters
Citizen of Firiona Vie
www.magelo.com/eq_view_profile.html?num=875942




