From -8217323916017138759
X-Google-Thread: fb739,88ded088fea61b7a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 23 Aug 2006 07:32:45 -0500
Date: Wed, 23 Aug 2006 08:32:35 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Time and Tides
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <EeydnW8iX-lw13HZnZ2dnUVZ_tadnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 83
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.48.203
X-Trace: sv3-0fmG3R1ugAKcUg8oaIVoQIF4l1RdSNG9xD9oLboLn6fBe2Ki10EfppUEeXDBHgmMSZGkMZDs1SHgUN4!KbPaUJOWa/NP9hxfml6Udh7khH5TI4LRyJ/MabLlMbWVHk1ZEpebsaUsl7RCFcIJGNg4kHGRf4/A!DwSVmb5SmVE=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3624

I have a very cyclical life; part of the year, I have a lot of free 
time, hanging out with practically no money, I play a lot of computer 
games, watch TV, and do some work I won't see any money for for months.

Part of the year, I'm away, working in locations where there are no 
phone lines, with a cell phone plugged into my computer giving me 
roughly double dial up speeds at best, but unreliable; I might get 
disconnected three or four times an hour.  Not crippling for Usenet or 
the like, since I tend to reconnect within half a minute, but pretty bad 
for EQ purposes.

And then there's now; I'm at home but work picks up, I'm managing a 
dozen employees, two (soon three) businesses, helping my wife with her 
two businesses.

My time in front of the computer drops, and a bunch of it turns into 
bookkeeping and so on rather than gaming.

Even when I can game, I'm a lot more tired, and less interested in 
challenges or constant action; I want something more laid back.

What I'd normally do at this point as far as EQ goes would be to create 
an alt and play the low level game some; always less stress and pressure 
at the low end.

BUT I'm sitting here with an opportunity, I have an MT class who's the 
highest level MT in his guild.  I'm in demand for groups, I'm prefered 
as MT on raids.

I'm playing an SK, which means that all things being equal, a warrior is 
going to get the MT nod over me; only because I'm several levels higher 
than the closest warrior am I getting picked for the job.

That won't last, though, the level cap on Combine is 60, even if I level 
up, eventually I'm going to hit the wall, be unable to level, and the 
warriors are going to catch up.

I was hoping that by then, I'd have performed brilliantly as MT often 
enough that I'd remain a likely choice for all but the rare "must use 
defensive" type encounters.

But I didn't reckon with this part of my work cycle.  SK MT is a busy 
busy thing, unlike the classic perception of the tank, where you just 
hit autoattack and relax, I'm forced to cast and taunt, wriggle the mob 
around for position, nearly every second of a battle I'm doing 
something.  I swear I'm doing more clicking than I did on my bard!

Even in groups, half the time I end up as puller as well as MT; I might 
not be the best group member for the job, but I'm the most willing, and 
that really counts for more than you'd think.  Trouble is, now I'm less 
willing, I want to sit on my butt for the few seconds it takes before 
the next mob arrives and just chill!

Maybe I should take this opportunity to make an alt even though I'll be 
giving up on my MT dreams.  After all, I did get there, I've MT'd raids 
and groups... all I'm really giving up is more of the same, and in a 
way, less of the same, by quitting now I won't have to face those 
warriors muscling me out of my slot!

Whats a nice relaxed class?  Cleric I've done (plus, sadly, I know 
enough about the class to realize that there are tons of things I could 
be doing rather than just sit on my butt and heal occaisionally... I 
probably wouldn't be able to relax).  Mage I've done.  Necros seem like 
a decent choice, but I've done mage -and- SK recently, Necro seems like 
a combination of the two.

How about Wizard?  That was one of the classes on my short "I haven't 
done this" list.  And it seems to me that it involves a lot of sitting 
around, not a lot of choices.

Another thought, I could just sort of coast for a little longer, and 
then start over on  a normal server with the new race from the new 
expansion.  I love Combine, love the idea of lower level limits, of less 
level 70 "junk" on level 20 toons, love the fact that we'll be swarming 
into Velious in serious numbers so it won't be a ghost zone like it was 
whenever my other characters decided to go play in CC or Kael.

But a new race will mean lots of low level start over people too, and 
new zones will mean decent crowd levels in those zones.  It could be a 
Combine type experience all over again.  Except for the twink gear and 
the high level PLers, and Temp.  Bleh.

Berg, 57 SK, Combine


