From -1053186280697788700
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,54cdf1026031242c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-23 09:08:55 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed.news.qwest.net!news.uswest.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Jeremiah Kristal <jeremiah@NOSPAM.bbi.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Next Inevitable Hunting Grounds Question
Message-ID: <sg8oltkvpbpfj6i35vmont076kck5rsl8a@4ax.com>
References: <3B5C0A31.9149B1AA@stny.rr.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 94
Date: Mon, 23 Jul 2001 12:08:30 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.112.211.34
X-Trace: news.uswest.net 995904534 65.112.211.34 (Mon, 23 Jul 2001 11:08:54 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 23 Jul 2001 11:08:54 CDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:97742

On Mon, 23 Jul 2001 07:27:45 -0400, jaZZmanian Devil
<jshaw@stny.rr.com> wrote:

>Looking forward to next move and again seeking advice from those who
>have gone before.  Assume a 44 Warrior and 40 Cleric.  Both with fairly
>"middle of the road", definitely *non* twinked armor, weapons, items,
>etc. full compliment of spells for the cleric.  Hoping that the
>warrior/cleric combo is a good one to form the base of a group and
>attract more quickly.  Looking for good zones with decent xp and
>hopefully some fairly impressive loot, but mostly a chance to find some
>other classes looking for pick up groups.  Would prefer a dungeon for
>the xp bonus, but any zone that's not exclusively b.y.o.g. would be
>great.  Have both expansions, willing to travel. (Will not do windows or
>vacuum.)
>T.I.A.

I'm going to definately recommend Lower Guk.  It's a very popular
zone, and therefore sometimes gets overrun by idiots, but with a
little work you can use this zone to outfit yourself with some nice
gear or a good bit of plat.  It's good exp from 35-50ish, and there
are items there that make it worth staying up until 53 or so.  
I use the map at eqatlas, http://www.eqatlas.com/lgukdeadmap.html
because Lower Guk is big enough that seeing both Live and Dead sides
on one map just confuses things.  I would recommend that you get your
bearings at the zone-in point (C on the eqatlas map) and watch how
people are fighting at zone, since there alwasy seems to be a couple
folks pulling singles.  Pull the mobs in the hall going down to the
right, including the bats on the other side of the stream.  Once all
the tunnel mobs are pulled, go down to the water, jump in, swim to the
right under the tunnel, and come out into the BR (bedroom).  Pull the
mobs there back to zone, kill them, then set up camp in the BR.  
The BR is a great place to learn the zone, but beware that it is right
on the tracks for every train coming up.  Learn to immediately move to
the right tunnel (viewed from the bed) whenever anyone calls train, or
just head to zone.  A group in the BR can pull the GIBS (greater ice
boned skeletons), bats, spiders, and frogs that spawn in the BR.  You
are actually a bit higher than the typical BR group, but it's a good
place for pullers to learn the zone, and it's a convenient place to
form a group to move into another camp.  
Once you know the zone a bit, you will probably want to move to the
ASS/SUP (assassin/supplier room).  The only thing tricky about this
(other than breaking a full spawn) is that it is up a ladder, which
may not be obvious the first time you go there.  A good ASS group will
be able to pull most of the stuff on the 1st level that the BR isn't
pulling, and if there is no BR group, may pull the entire 1st level.
Be kind and give the mask of the deceiver to whichever rogue or bard
has bravely come to wait for it.
Once you've become familiar with the 1st level, move down to the SAV
room on 2nd level.  There isn't much there, only one room, but you can
pull from 1st or 3rd level if you want.  Normally there isn't anyone
camping SAV (at least on Innoruuk), but it's a good spot to set up
camp and have your puller learn the layout of the 3rd level.
Once you feel comfortable with the SAV room, you can move to the 3rd
level and camp the SAGE, EXE, and CAV spawns.  A group of low to mid
40s can hold any of these camps pretty well, a good group can hold 2
of the camps, a great group can hold the entire 3rd level.
Once you get to the point where this starts to green out for you, you
can move deep into Guk to the Mage, Frenzied, and Lord camps.  
If this isn't enough for you, there is always the live side too.  It
wasn't very busy when I was in my 40s, but I've been back a couple
times to help guildies farm drops, and I've seen a group or two there
almost every time now.  If you've got a cleric and a warrior, you just
need a bard or an enchanter and you'll be able to handle just about
anything on live side before the noble room.
Another good and popular zone for 40s characters is Sol B.  I haven't
done much there other than deep in the dungeon, but my rare trips
there generally ended up with a good group, close to a zone line, and
almost constant pulls.  It's a bit more difficult to navigate in my
mind, and not quite as crowded, but is a very common old-world hunting
ground.  An added bonus is that you may be able to join a Naggy raid,
since they seem to be willing to pick up tanks, healers, and bards
almost any time.
Finally, if you're serious about getting an exp bonus, get something
that lets you breath underwater, or make friends with a mage
(waterstones are way way way better than enduring breath), and get
your butt down to kedge keep.  It's definately a bring your own group
dungeon, and the items aren't as godly as they were pre-Kunark, but
it's a great place to play, and the experience just flies there.  It's
definately a place that requires you to be on your toes, and it's
confusing the first several times you hunt there, but you'll grow to
love it (as long as you're not relying on enduring breath).  Hell,
it's close enough to BB and Greater Faydark that if all else fails you
can find a high-level mage to summon you a bunch of waterstones, at 40
mana each, and about 45 minutes, if everyone carries 2 or 3, you'll be
fine.  The best guide to Kedge is at
http://everquest.allakhazam.com/Phreekittys_Ultimate_Guide_to_Kedge_Keep.htm
and I would recommend having the EQAtlas map printed out along side
it.  It is confusing, but it makes sense once you read it through a
couple times and then get down there.
If you need any other help, drop me an email.  

Arolpin Lorespinner
Bard of the 53rd Song



