From -8115827270754683982
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9f97e696b0c99c2e,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-16 21:14:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news-xfer2.newshosting.com!204.186.200.232.MISMATCH!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3CBCF42D.62727B73@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Growing a Raid: A different approach to raid formup
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 80
Date: Wed, 17 Apr 2002 04:04:03 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.235.50
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1019016243 66.109.235.50 (Wed, 17 Apr 2002 00:04:03 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 17 Apr 2002 00:04:03 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:187024

Here's how the typical raid works.

Formup is announced. I head for the spot and arrive before
formup if at all convenient. There are some raid members there
already, more filter in. We maybe do some mobs nearby,
depending on where we are. And we wait. Official start
time comes, there are still people missing. We wait some
more. And some more. Finally we form groups. Then we buff up
and wait some more. More people filter in, we buff them up too.
Finally we start in to the actual raid. Often this is an hour
or even two past the official start time, and rarely do I have
any exp faction or loot to show for it. Good thing I have an
"all you can drink" beer source.

Here's a different approach I've seen work recently. Some
time prior to the raid start time, I group with someone else
who's going to the raid. We take -only- raid members in the
group, but we start doing something as soon as we have
enough of a core to manage it... me and a porter, for example.
As more raid people come available, we drop whatever we
are doing and pick them up (thats why Porter is my core member)
and then go to work on something, quite possibly not related
at all to what we were doing or to the raid proper. Soon we
have a solid group... and we are still busy. Then we hook up
with a second raid group and start to get more serious, doing
stuff that needs more than one group. As more groups come in,
we can step things up. Once we hit "enough to do the real job"
we move over there and juggle around members a little to do
the job better, and get on with it.

If you were looking at the "raid zone" you might see three
groups show up, sit around for five minutes, and then go in hot.
You wouldn't know that some of us started the raid two hours
earlier by looking at it. At the same time, if you were in that
group that started early, you'd have been grouped and fighting
all the way thru, you -also- would swear that it took 5
minutes to get started.

If the raid is for "targets of opportunity" like epic mobs or
FFA pops, it moves on and hits several targets in a row. Even
when it breaks up, its usually still capable of fielding a two
group unit to do slightly easier stuff, or at least a solid
group that can go back to exp work somewhere.

While this may sound like a pie in the sky concept, I've been
raiding several times recently with a guild thats doing things
just this way. It can work, and I have to say its a -lot- more
fun than sitting LFG at the entrance to the Hole for an hour.

Part of what makes it viable is the new (to me, I was gone
3 months) chat channels. They start a raid channel up and keep
up communications in it. This means that its easy to keep track
of who is forming up, where they are, what they are doing.

Of course its also critical that each casually formed group
have a porter in it, the cries on the web that druids and wizards
aren't desirable on a raid isn't supported in this format, if
your -group- has to be rapidly portable, it needs to have a taxi
in it, only way around that would be in the case of a single
zone type raid (Say KD) where mobility isn't going to be such an
issue while things start revving up.

Another thing that helps a lot is a COTH mage team and plenty
of pearls. This means that as the stragglers show up, they get
ported in to the raid, so there's no real need to wait for them
to show. Many raids involve fighting your way in thru some
serious but not extremely serious mobs, and the help of those
last few people isn't really required until you get past that
stuff anyway. I've seen whole groups add in to a raid in progress
in this way, the cost in terms of PP is really minimal compared
to the PP I blow on peridot in an evening. Mana is more of an
issue, but thats why the mage is grouped with the bard, lathered
in C3 and basted by necromancer mana pumps.

Can every raid work this way? Hmm, I was going to say no, but
suddenly I can't think of a reason why not.

Bergh Brelltender
56 cleric, Morel Thule



