From 4136840170781678971
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e40bc9d601e210b3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-20 11:57:57 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!leto.ou.edu!ounews.ou.edu!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Hole (advice/Hints) or other hunting spots
From: please@reply.in.here (Zymyool)
References: <3dd8ef05_4@corp-news.newsgroups.com> <92CA7C999pleasereplyinhere@129.15.2.142> <3ddbb047.583323869@news-server.houston.rr.com> <92CB66F75pleasereplyinhere@129.15.2.142> <3ddacb48$1_1@news.vallnet.com>
Message-ID: <92CC81A03pleasereplyinhere@129.15.2.142>
User-Agent: Xnews/03.08.26
Lines: 149
Date: Wed, 20 Nov 2002 19:57:57 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 167.16.161.87
X-Complaints-To: news@ou.edu
X-Trace: ounews.ou.edu 1037822277 167.16.161.87 (Wed, 20 Nov 2002 13:57:57 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 20 Nov 2002 13:57:57 CDT
Organization: The University of Oklahoma
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:247200

sailor_copper_hamster@hotmail.figuretherestoutanddontspamme (Sailor Copper 
Hamster) done spake :

>Pacify
>Learn it.
>Love it.
>Live it.

( retyping this as I was 98% done and the power blinked here at work )

Awwww, yeah!  I tried it last night and it worked beautifully.  My RNG 
friend wants me to have Boon memmed ASAP, so we decided to head to The Hole 
again.  RNG, DRD, CLC, and  ENC ( me ).  We zone in and it's empty.  Cool.  
We plow through the hallway mobs and down to "the bend".  RNG sit-aggros 
the wanderer and we take him down then kill the 2 guards.  On to the Golem 
Bridge.  Normally, the RNG and DRD simulcast Root and I mez the Crusader 
here to pull the Golem.  Instead, I use Pacify ( he's yellow to me ) and it 
sticks.  That's the first time a Lull-line spell has stuck for me, not that 
I tried it much after repeatedly running like a school girl earlier in my 
Mezzin' career.

We drop these 2 guys, and loot another Loam Encrusted Amice.  I got one the 
other day, so the others roll to see who's twink gets it.  We jump down and 
take out the close Crusader.  Our goal tonight is to work inside the 
building a little, so we start pulling the wanderers.  A few kills in, the 
other DRD logs in and we tell him to get here before the top repops.  He 
zones in and there is a small group at the entrance donig the Hallway.  
Good, it's clear to us so we don't have to succor to him and run back 
killing a few.  The 5 of us finish the wanderers and head to the other side 
where the "doorway" is to the inner part of The Hole.

We're pulling a few here and there while we discuss what we are going to do 
with that caster ( Elemental Channeler ), since he's the first caster we've 
seen.  We're about to start on him when a PAL logs in and wants to join us 
again.  Sure, no prob, meet us at the entrance.  We kill one more and 
succor.

There's a group of 4 there but 2 are on the floor and not breathing.  Oops.  
A DRD goes out to wolf form the PAL through and those 2 zone in.  RNG asks 
the 2 people if they are going to finish the hallway and he says they had a 
"minor setback" and we can pull all we want.  We start to take down the 
hallway, when another group of 4 zones in and stands there quietly.

We finish the hallway and go down to the "the bend" and someone goes around 
the corner and aggroes the wanderer and his two guard buddies.  No problem 
- we work them down.  We head down the "the rock" and are going to med up 
before killing the Golem and Crusador.  Right on cue, the group that had 
zoned in earlier runs a little past us and stands there for 10 seconds.  I 
stand up to cast pacify and see if we are going to pull when their 
barbarian goes over and aggros both and pulls them back to his friends.

Two of us make statements about how rude that was and we just jump down.  
We kill the lone guy, and pull 2 more when we see a halfpint in plate jump 
down and run across the open area, followed by a tall gal.  About the time 
we are finishing our 2, the halfling runs back with an elemental on his 
ass.  Now, I'm not real interested in mezzing it for him, but our RNG 
snares it and one DRD roots it, but he crumples to the ground right then 
like a sack of forraged roots.

A few seconds later, the gal runs over near his corpse ( trailing a 
crusader ) and gets whomped, and goes into the fetal position sans 
guildtag.  Natural selection at work, in my book.

We handle their mess and wonder how long before we get Rez requests.  
Working our way over towards the "doorway", we kill 1 or two, and sit and 
med.  The tells start to come in to our RNG about rezzing the halfling, who 
is a cleric, it seems.  We talk over what we are going to do when we have a 
Golem jump us so we work on him.  I personally have no interest in giving 
them a Rez, but our CLC is 56, and she is also the Guild Leader, so it more 
willing to be nice to dumbasses than I.  We head over to their corpses, 
kill 2 more, and our CLC goes LD.  PAL chuckles and says "Tell the dead 
cleric that his 50% rez is incoming."  He casts his rez and the CLC pops 
and starts looting as the DRD heals him and I clarity him.  When he 
finishes looting, we head back to our spot and pickup an Elemental Warrior 
on the way.  The halfling is dragging the gals' corpse behind him, 
following us.  We finish the warrior and sit to talk about the Elemental 
Channeler.

We are going to use Pacify or Wake to lull the guys around the Channeler 
when the RNG thinks he can double-pull.  Ok, no problem.  He pulls the 
channeler, who stops at the doorway, of course.  He brings a friend with 
him, which I mez.  They eventually get the channeler to our fighting area, 
and we they start whomping on him while I keep tabs on his friend.  He's 
about 75-80% dead and heals himself.  DOH!  I didn't realize he was a 
healing class - my bad, since I usually research better than this.  I get 
up to start chain stunning, when someone's mage pet, Gibartik, joins the 
fray - except it =looks= like he is beating on the RNG.  A second later, 
the RNG says "NAMED!" and I go to action.  I tash the bitch, and try to 
mez.  Resist, no aggro. Mez again, resist again, no aggro.  I remez the 
friend, and then blur Gibartik.  Mez Gibartik again, resist, no aggro.  I 
blur the Golem then remez him, then try a mez again on Gibartik and it 
sticks.  Good.  I run over to the Channeler and he's low on life and starts 
casting.  I stun and all 4 get stunned.  All 4... 4... I only remember 3 - 
the Channeler, his friend, and the Golem.

I back up, and sure enough, another Fiend has joined up.  I see him get 
snared as he heads my way so I tash and mez.  Sticks.  Channeler down.  I 
call the Golem next even though the Crusader friend is really next, but I 
have fewer resists on the Elementals and I'm starting to get LOM.  The 
taunt the Golem as I blur him.  They start the battle, I tash again ( 
didn't need it, not sure why I did it ) and wait 4 seconds and slow him.  
Not sure if he is going to aggro me, I back up some and attempt to sit 
down.  "You will not evade me, Zymyool!"  He summons my ass.  That's an EQ 
first for me.  I back up and remez the fiend and the mez drops on crusador 
who is immediately rooted.  A ratman ( WTF?  he's a cutie ) comes out of 
the doorway ( I think ) and immediately gets snared, parked and mezzed.  I 
decide not to mez the crusader, and have the Cleric atone him.  The golem 
hits the floor and I call the crusader who hits the floor pretty quickly 
and then on to the fiend.  He drops, we tear the rat a new asshole and it's 
over.

WHEW!  Fun as all shit.  We get to looting and come up with:

Earthen Blade ( our second )
Smoldering Brand
Bow of the Underfoot
Loam Encrusted Sash
one of those 95pp gems

Sweet!  The RNG is =quite= happy with his bow, I get the sash, the PAL 
wants the blade just to see how the proc is, and no one 

really needs the brand.  We decide to roll on the Brand and I win it for my 
Rogue.  Someone else wins the gem.

All in all a fun-as-Hell night with decent loots for us.  I'm now wearing 2 
Loam items that we've looted here.  The sash replaces a Straw Spun Belt 
which weighed 6 and the sash has some nice STR on it that I can really use.  
I can now dump my +7int +7str neck item for the +8int one I have.  It's 
good to finally get to the point where you can use the stuff you loot now 
and then.

The Blade got us discussing haste while we medded, though, and none of us 
could agree on what Haste stacked.  My thinking was the following:

A haste buff ( Shammy, Chanter ) will stack with the best haste item ( 
FBSS, etc ), which will stack with Bard Song, which will stack with the 
sword's proc.

Is this true?

1/2 a yellow from 44 and Boon, which I will do tonight with the PoP quest.

-- 
Karana Server
Zymyool     Level 43 Gnomish  Enchanter
Draglorvin  Level 16 Dwarven  Warrior
Purrloin    Level 10 Vah Shir Rogue
Dragemrezem Level 1  Halfling Rogue Hole Corpse Dragger


