From -4762573522076415872
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b1069c5edb6b166a
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-30 13:27:48 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: FAQ 3/30/04
Date: Tue, 30 Mar 2004 15:27:42 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <106jpijjcb3d8bc@corp.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
References: <406915CB.FE538896@stopthevoices.yahoo.com> <106jd91r0p78ffa@corp.supernews.com> <4069BE93.2FB567F3@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2727.1300
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 88
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26327


"Annie Benson-Lennaman" <anniebenlen@stopthevoices.yahoo.com> wrote in
message news:4069BE93.2FB567F3@stopthevoices.yahoo.com...
>
>
> Paul Botts wrote:
>
> > So maybe adding that question and a two-paragraph summary answer would
be
> > worthwhile. Very broad -- just a quick general consensus on how the game
has
> > changed overall. If it would be helpful I could take a first stab at
such an
> > answer, just shoot me an email.
>
>   Consider yourself shot.  Get typing, and post the results here.  Um,
please.

Hmm, well that 2-paragraphs idea isn't working out for me but here goes:


Q. All those expansions, plus regular free patches that have tweaked the
game...I've heard that Everquest's game balance has changed a lot since it
first came out. Is that true and if so, how so?

A. Yes, definitely. EQ has been adjusted fairly continuously from the
get-go, in ways big and small. The developers have always said that the game
would never be frozen in time, and they've meant it. Here is a very brief
summary picture.

The initial learning curve has been eased, a lot. It's easier and quicker to
get a character up to level 10, and the game has a lot more helpful hints
and more-obvious directions on what to do.

The developers have regularly adjusted the powers of the various classes,
trying to keep the classes balanced. Several classes are now significantly
more or less powerful relative to each other than was true at different
times in the past. Right now [spring 2004] there isn't any particular class
that is really widely seen as in need of being "nerfed" (reduced in power)
or boosted, but the game is dynamic and that will undoubtably change.

The consequences of dying in EQ have been reduced quite a bit, though once
you hit level 11 death does cost you experience. The dreaded "corpse run" to
reclaim your gear is now much easier than back in the day, and it's easier
to get "resurrected" by another player (which gets you back some of the
experience you lost by getting killed). Dying in EQ is still annoying but
it's not much more than that except in a few unusual circumstances.

Traveling around in Norrath is far easier/quicker than was originally true
(the gameworld is much bigger too). One side effect of that is that racial
faction is less of a factor now -- being a dark elf or troll used to have a
pretty severe downside in terms of moving around the world without NPCs
attacking you on sight. They added an in-game player market (the Bazaar)
which made the in-game player-to-player market of gear and items much more
efficient and therefore more ubiquitous.

While the developers have drastically eased the game for newbies (old-school
players call it "training wheels EQ"), they've also repeatedly extended and
broadened the endgame. In any game there is a point at which a player
character has seen it all, done it all, and advanced in power to the point
of there being no challenges left. EQ began with a level cap of 50, that
jumped to 60 and then 65; "alternate advancement" levels were added, then
deepened. More high-end zones have been added, many with big tough "boss"
mobs that can only be killed by large parties of high-end players (called
"raids"). Entire tiers of such zones, called the "Planes", now have a
complex lengthy "trials" process for which reaching level 65 is just the
start. In general, hard-core players now tend to view level 65 as just the
first step towards becoming "uber".

The Lost Dungeons of Norrath ("LDoN") expansion added a fundamentally new
way to play the game. That expansion's "instanced" zones are timed quests,
where a single group must accomplish a certain mission within 90 minutes in
order to get certain rewards. A group can have only 6 players and group
lineups vary based on who's available, and once they enter the dungeon the
group can't get help from any other players. A single group cannot possibly
include the top specialist class of every group function (tanking, healing,
offensive spellcasting, and several others); that forces some creativity in
tactics and makes versatile classes more useful (some other aspects of EQ
tend to reward specialization). The time limit forces the minds -- many
veteran players say that LDoN adventuring "makes people really learn how to
play their class." Unlike the planes and some other content, LDoN
adventuring is available from quite early in a character's lifespan, level
20. The rewards for these adventures are in _addition_ to earning regular
experience, and create a way to get fairly high-end equipment without
joining Planes raids for 10-hour sessions.





