From -4592521017718363101
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5ead5f2ee86676da
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-16 08:19:47 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed.news.qwest.net!news.uswest.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3CBC4104.EC187EB4@columbus.rr.com>
From: Thomas <tpenning@columbus.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Referenceing my post on Removing Twinks
References: <ubkjd6hdhtid86@corp.supernews.com> <URBu8.192$q4.6103@newsfeed.avtel.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 102
Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2002 11:19:32 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 63.148.84.235
X-Trace: news.uswest.net 1018970382 63.148.84.235 (Tue, 16 Apr 2002 10:19:42 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 16 Apr 2002 10:19:42 CDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:186766



Scott Kasai wrote:

> "Eq Caster" <None> wrote in message
> news:ubkjd6hdhtid86@corp.supernews.com...
> > In Reguards to my post on Removing Twinks 4/13 8:59 am. I was just
> reading
> > on Casters Realm Verant is in the process of doing just that! According
> to
> > Casters Realm the Venomous Axe in the hands of a level 1 is like a 2/24
> > weapon, at level 35 it will be a 11/24 with proc. There goes any idea of
> > making new tanks if the rest of the weapons follow suit.
> > Personally this sucks
>
> Well, there is some benefits in removing the twinking ability.  First off,
> new generation players won't get into the begging mode with higher ups...
> The benefits of higher level gear won't go to the lower levels for the pure
> fact that they didn't flat out earn it.

First, a "true" new generation player does not know what a twink is. Only those
that have been playing a while even know what the word "twink" means. A "true"
new generation player does not know what "appropriate level" gear is. In order
to know what a character can obtain on their own at a given level, it requires
knowledge of a majority of the zones and items that drop in the zones. This is
experience or knowledge is something lacking in a "true" new generation player
by the very definition of a "true" new generation.

Second, who determines what is earned or not earned? You say that a statement
like "benefits of higher level gear won't go to the lower levels for the pure
fact that they didn't flat out earn it". You make this statement as a fact. But
I ask, who is the prosiding authority to say that someone did not "earn" it. I
could say that if you personally did not solo kill the mob that dropped the
item you are wearing then you did not "earn" that item. Would I be correct?
Well, I am the authority in the subject matter because I said I am the
authority of it, therefore I am correct. This is exactly what people are
infering when they make statements about someone "earning" at item. Who was the
person (person vs. character) that actually was killing the mob for the item?
Who sit at a location waiting for it to drop, regardless of what toon was it on
in the end?

>Now while you paid the money to get it for your lower level, the lower
>level newbies will see that while it looks cool, it won't be much use until
>later on.

Lower level newbies do not even now what a good stat is. True lower level
newbies have no knowledge that AC is better then Agility. They do not know
details about Duel Wield. They do not know that more intelegence gives you more
mana, but at lower levels mana adjusting items my be more beneficial. A True
newbie does not have any of the concerns that you have stated because they have
not experience or knowledge about the very topics that you are stating. It is
only the experience person that has a problem because they have the
pre-knowledge. And they generally have the problem only because they are
un-able to do the same thing themselves at the present time.


> I am personally tired of lowbies coming up to me and going, "Plat plz" "Do
> you have anything to spare for a <race> <class>?".  Most of the gear I have
> gotten for my main, was from spending money or working a place.

It has been pointed out many times and shown that the majority of those that
beg for platinum or items are alternate characters played by those with a much
higher level player. A true newbie may not even know how to give a personal
tell. Think back to when you were first playing? Did you beg for items? Your
comment above is only valid if YOU also begged for platinum or items when you
first started the game. I do not think you did that therefore I think your
statement is wrong. It is most likely old experienced players who state they
will not twink or those that cannot twink who generally beg for items with
their new alternate characters.


>
> It might just also eliminate the majority of the no-drop stuff...  I mean,
> I would love to be able to get other items later on, like the long wait
> spawns.

What game to do you play? No-drop stuff is not really in the game to stop
twinking, even though it does have that side-effect. No-drop items are in the
game to either reduce the number of those items entering the world by those
items rotting when a character is not present that can use it. Or to require
people to specifically get an item themselves and not seek the easy "un-earned"
route and buying it. (see above about my thoughts on items "earned" and realize
that Verant being the designers of the game are in the position of authority to
make judgement calls as to what is earned and what is not.)

Personally, I always find many of those that seem to be against twinking are
really against everyone else but themselves twinking. They often make
justifications as to why they can do something that is really a twinking of a
character while arguing ventimently against everyone else who is doing the same
thing. I ask you, what is the difference between character A buying a
Wurmslayer at level 25 for 500pp and character B receiving a Wurmslayer at
level 25 from one of the higher level alternate characters that character B
has? Can either character A or B reasonabily kill the NPCs in question to
complete the Wurmslayer quest at level 25? Whose is in a position of authority
to say that one person "earned" the item more then the other? Surely not you or
I.



-thomasx




