From -505798612012412974
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,504527e0dcc9dd44
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-10-21 02:31:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news.tele.dk!news.tele.dk!small.news.tele.dk!newsfeed1.bredband.com!bredband!diablo.netcom.net.uk!netcom.net.uk!btnet-peer!btnet-peer0!btnet-feed5!btnet!news.btopenworld.com!not-for-mail
From: "Sebet" <sebet@btopenworld.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: 48 hours...
Date: Mon, 21 Oct 2002 09:30:33 +0000 (UTC)
Organization: Neriak's Least Wanted
Lines: 116
Message-ID: <ap0hfp$s60$1@helle.btinternet.com>
References: <5zqr9.17092$wU3.1604882@news0.telusplanet.net> <We6cnaZ1K6SIWDOgXTWcqw@News.GigaNews.Com> <69268a99.0210191655.218916fa@posting.google.com> <w7zs9.258086$TX5.10094470@news1.east.cox.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: host217-41-56-26.in-addr.btopenworld.com
X-Trace: helle.btinternet.com 1035192633 28864 217.41.56.26 (21 Oct 2002 09:30:33 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: news-complaints@lists.btinternet.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 21 Oct 2002 09:30:33 +0000 (UTC)
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Priority: 3
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:239524

"sanjian" <sanjian@widomaker.com> wrote in message
news:w7zs9.258086$TX5.10094470@news1.east.cox.net...
>
> Elsewhere in The American Spectator, Ben admitted that he knew the game
> wasn't at fault, but felt frustrated just the same.  Let's face it, this
> game -is- addicitve.  I imagine everyone here went through a phase where
> they ate, slept, and breathed EQ.  For many, that phase passes, but it
still
> seems a helluva lot like addiction.  Why else would anyone put up with the
> KSing, lamers, griefers, constant nerfs, twelve-week-camps, and all the
> other frustrationg aspects of EQ?  It's because it's all worth it when you
> hit that major milestone (like being able to use the right-click effects
on
> your DW helm) or when your guild comes together to accomplish something.
> You're searching for that next high.


Yeah, but there are no physical characteristics of addiction.  No cold
turkey to suffer through if you're suddenly deprived of your game for a
while.  Yes, I agree there was a time when most of my off-duty time revolved
around EQ.  That lasted a couple of months.  My relationships didn't suffer,
my work didn't suffer, the jobs still got done.  Now at best I pick EQ up
'sometimes' - which is why I'm stuck at the level I'm at for the foreseeable
future.  I was never 'addicted' in the sense that these litigants are trying
to claim.  Neither was any other player I know.  I was obsessed a bit, but
that's an entirely different thing.

When I moved house to somewhere with a lousy connection that wouldn't
support EQ, I didn't break out into sweats or start getting paranoia or
panic attacks.  I thought 'oh, well, never mind', and cancelled my account.
When I moved to somewhere with an ADSL exchange I thought 'EQ would work
from here' and started up again.  Does that sound like an addiction, for
Christ's sake?

So what's the difference between me and them?  Well, at a guess I'd say it's
because I have the kind of personality that knows when something's real and
when it's not, and although I might spend a lot of free time sitting in
front of this unproductive box of pretty lights, I know when to put it away,
when to switch it off, and get on with the business of reality.  These folks
obviously don't.  Is the game they choose to play to blame for that?  Of
course it bloody isn't.  How could it be?  Twenty or thirty years ago they
might have been similarly obsessed with Pac-Man or Space Invaders.  Or that
damn stupid TV tennis game - you know, Arkanoid on its side without any
graphics.

No, what's to blame is a combination of factors including their own
obsessive personalities, their lack of grip on reality, and their loved
ones' apparent willingness to leave them to their own devices until
something terrible happens and then lash out at the first thing they see
that might take the heat off them.  Look at the guy featured in this
programme.  Yes, it's a tragedy, and yes, it was probably avoidable.  But
the article in that paper says itself, as we know, that 'hundreds of
thousands of people' play EQ.  So how many of them have NOT committed
suicide?  More to the point, this guy Shawn was said to have 'significant
emotional problems' - yet no-one seemed to have any problem allowing him to
live on his own *in possession of a firearm*.  And then EVERQUEST gets
blamed because he shot himself?  And as someone's already pointed out and
therefore I probably shouldn't be saying it again, look at the name of his
character:  "iluvyou".  He wasn't playing this game for fun, for escapism,
or to kill goblins like most players do - he was playing it because he was
looking to form relationships in a virtual world because he couldn't handle
the real one.  It's a crying shame, but if someone has problems like that
and they ARE left alone to deal with them, then it's not very likely to have
a happy conclusion, is it?

I'm not getting riled up here because I love EQ, or because I love Sony, and
want to defend them, particularly.  If there was even a glimmer of doubt in
my mind that EQ (or any other game) might result in some kind of
psychological dependence, then I'd stand back and let the law-botherers go
for it.  No, the reason lawsuits like this get my goat (in fact they get the
whole damn herd (do you get herds of goats?)) is because they are so
mind-bogglingly spurious and if there's one thing I cannot STAND it is
spurious, even malicious, lawsuits.  We have far too many people suing for
this and suing for that, bleating on about Human Rights(tm) and The
Constitution(tm), most of the time desperately trying to find someone to
blame, someone to make a scapegoat, before someone points the finger at them
and says "where were YOU?"  (Lot of goats there, weren't there?  Lucky I'm
not on the religious groups here...)

In fact, that reminds me of a song...

"The laughter and fun must be undone,
We must lament and cause a fuss,
Before somebody thinks of blaming us."
 - South Park, the Movie.

I believe in taking responsibility.  I don't like people who play the blame
game.  Unless they've actually got a case, but I can't honestly see one
here.  There's too much of this nonsense going on in the western world and
it's time someone got a grip and said "stop".  If something's an accident,
then an accident it remains no matter how many clever legal eagles you get
looking at it.  Likewise, if something's simply a tragedy, such as this
boy's suicide, then that too is just one of those things that life throws at
us sometimes.  At this point there's little to be gained by society pointing
at Shawn's mother and saying 'why weren't you there' - it won't bring him
back, as they say, and of course it won't ease her pain - but likewise
there's no point in her and people like her picking an easy target and going
at it fangs out in the hope of winning some court judgement.  Compensation?
Bullshit.  How much is a life worth?  We can all offer our sympathies after
an event like this, but ultimately we can't say or do anything that'll help.
Sure, the parent or loved one is going to want to rail against something,
but they rarely do it with any reasonable foundation - it's called grief.
Sooner or later they'll learn to live with what happened and they'll get
things into perspective.  But if the lawyers get involved at this stage and
indulge every fantasy of the bereaved, then a lot of damage is going to get
done.  But then, what do the 'new priesthood' care about that?  It's all
money for them, isn't it?

End of extended and apparently compassion-free whinge.

--
SEBET
Mostly harmless thieving Dark Elf toerag.
Have lockpick, will travel.




