From 4583790524563392689
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1838da7325fa1f3b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-22 05:33:01 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!wn14feed!worldnet.att.net!204.127.198.203!attbi_feed3!attbi_feed4!attbi.com!sccrnsc04.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "ShammyRogueMage" <mzena@attbi.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <vcihv9bdbieg4c@corp.supernews.com> <1Sbya.187721$pa5.184070@rwcrnsc52.ops.asp.att.net> <7cf28864.0305191724.2880def0@posting.google.com>
Subject: Re: KEI Nerfed At Last?
Lines: 138
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <0s3za.942945$F1.117026@sccrnsc04>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.98.54.20
X-Complaints-To: abuse@attbi.com
X-Trace: sccrnsc04 1053606780 24.98.54.20 (Thu, 22 May 2003 12:33:00 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 22 May 2003 12:33:00 GMT
Organization: AT&T Broadband
Date: Thu, 22 May 2003 12:33:00 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:283890

I've taken the liberty of putting the first paragraph at the end since I'd
prefer to reply to the others first.


> > Also, we get idiots who think they can do anything because they have
KEI.
> > "Oh, sorry, did I just overnuke and cause us all to die even though I'm
> > supposed to be the group's healer?" - Druid_1034.  Both of these
scenarios
> > have happened to me multiple times.
> >
>
> I have seen that and got the T-Shirt!

Well who playing EQ for longer than, what, about 4/5 months now, haven't
seen this many times over and over again.  Hell I've seen lots of casters
get their, and everyone else in the groups brains splattered all over the
place by pissed mobs they over nuked.  I've also seen on many occassions our
old "fake death buddies" over pull a groups abilites not to mention the
Enchanter who lives by their enchant line of spells get a group wiped
because their sacred enchantment dropped just as the second add came running
into camp!  People play EQ so mistakes happen.  If we're honest everyone who
plays or ever played EQ has made their fair shair of mistakes.  Its part of
the game.  Like RL, no ones perfect...  I carried friends and commrads to
choppers in bags because they made a mistake!  At least in EQ we all
re-spawn, naked but alive and non the worse other than a little lost
experience.... gezzz, only died 3 or 4 times with Shammy (got real good at
it with other characters though) and the last time really stung!  At 54 I
had my head up my butt and got trained in OOT and lost 2 1/2 blues!!!!  Damn
that stung!  And no, I didn't get a rez even though a RL work friends Claric
was playing there at the time too.  Since he was the one who so unselfishly
shaired all thoes mobs with me I was just a little to angry to take a rez
off him... second mistake I made that day! LOL

>
>
> > It's bordering on an exploit that KEI works on low level folks to begin
> > with.  I really hope they fix (or fixed) it.
>
> I was disappointed when it wasn't fixed today. It is ruining players
> who are getting used to it, even mages and necros are wanting to leave
> groups for a KEI for crying out loud. The Mage in one of the beat Mana
> conserving classes (summoned items)

Oh come on now!  First, it IS an expliot not bording on one but hell we all
know the game "cheats"... it use to cheat a lot more 2 years ago, or at
least thats the preception I have (could be I just sucked as a player too).
Get just about to level or have just leveled and suddenly out of now where
pops a mob or 4 who instead of taking their usual pathing, turn and pounce
on you!

Ruining players?  Come on get serious will you.  If your a good enough
player then you'll know pretty quickly who are the weaker players in your
group and you'll take measures to compensate for them and/or protect
yourself from them.  99% of the time WE get ourselves killed, in a group or
solo!  I've done it myself...  ex: know a puller isn't too bright but when
he or she over pulls the group hang in there one second too long hoping to
be able to pull the group through instead of gating out or running like hell
like I thought of doing when I saw him running back with 3 very pissed mobs
hot on his butt.

Mages and Necros are casters and to a caster, expecially what us older
players refer to as a "pure" caster... meaning they have little or no melee
capability to speak of.... mana is like hit points to a Warrior.  If your a
melee then your going to tell me you never accept buffs I suppose....  just
yesterday, while gettting a new KEI in fact, I was asked for buffs from a
melee in nexus!  They got a HP and an AC buff plus regen (didn't know there
level so didn't attempt to cast regrowth on them) and sow and were happy as
a Mage who just got a free KEI... and they were'nt on a copuse run since
they had what looked to be all their gear... LOL

So maybe sony should nerf all HP and AC buffs when they nerf KEI, which they
will eventually do I'm sure.  Hell, why not go all the way and nerf all the
stats on gear too?  Make us all play naked!  Hmmm...  never mind.  Just
thinking about a female SK I saw a while ago in Oasis named Tinydancer...
LOL

> > I agree 100%.  KEI is absolutely ruining the under 40 game... at least
for
> > enchanters.  If my alt chanter joins one more group that has a resident
> > moron who runs off to the Nexus to get a KEI (WHEN I COULD GIVE HIM
> > CLARITY), I'm gonna scream.  If you think you *need* KEI when in a
group,
> > you suck.  Plain and simple.
>
> I have been there!
>

Ok, first you make a valid point about Clarity.  I've only casually
observerd Clarity vs. KEI but it seems Clarity is about 60 to 70% as decent
at mana regeneration as KEI is... might even be better for all I know, or
not nearly so close.  While in PoI a Chanter in our group cast ClarityIII, I
think (might have been II I can't remember), on us and it worked pretty good
considering the mobs there.  But the bottom line is....  Clarity is just a
weaker version of KEI now isn't it?  So when sony nerfs KEI shouldn't they
also nerf the entire line of thoes spells if mana regeneration buffs are
"ruining the under 40 game... like who really cares anyway!  Hell I simply
endure the grind to 50 to be able to hunt the good zones where the really
good loot is anyway, and to be able to go where ever I damn well feel like
going without giving a rats butt about the mobs in the zone... and don't
blast me becasue thats "my" EQ experience as it pertains to me.  If you love
the under 50 game then I say ":more power to you"..  I wish I did too since
it would make leveling a hell of a lot less tiresome!

As far as the morons you refer too who run off to get KEI perhaps you need
to make an effort to eduacate them about your line of spells...  I seriously
doubt a under 40ish player is real eager to spend 25 or more pp on KEI 2 or
3 times a day if they didn't feel they had to...  (25pp is my donation for
KEI and has always been 25pp.  If Chanter isn't satisfied with that then
I'll either do without or look somewhere else for the buff.. even though
there are a couple Chanters I often get KEI from who I'll once in awhile, if
I've had a really great day of looting, give them 100pp for the service they
provide to me.

I mean 25pp is nothing anymore.. heck I spent almost 15K epuip'n my Rogue
last week and plan on spending 8 to 10k more before he hits 50!  Yea, he was
a level 1 with level 50+ gear too.. so what.  I can afford to buy the gear
because of the effort I put into leveing my main so why shouldn't I be able
to epuip him the way I want and can afford to?  Its my plat isn't it?  My
Shammy and Wiz are already tweeked out pretty well so they don't really need
any gear upgrades and besides, when I upgrade a peice of gear I keep it
until I wander through Freeport, Halas or Queyons (how do you spell that one
anyway?) and give it to an un-tweeked player.  Something I've just retained
from when I first started playing EQ.  I still to this day remember the
first really decent peice of gear I ever had...  a valiam great staff
someone gave my first Wiz at level 12.  Hell, I wouldn't even think of
looting one of thoes now but I remember how having it given to me made me
feel back then so I retrun the jesture as often as possible.

People need to quit being so critical of others and/or eliteists or perhaps
simple shitheads and play and enjoy their EQ and give the same respect to
everyone else.  One of these days we're all going to wake up and EQ will be
gone forever!  Enjoy it now... that is when its up and not being forever
patched over and over and over and over..... etc.....  how I hate thoes
patches and sony for burdening us with them!





