From -455117930159862324
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bb9b44d5744faacb
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!newsfeed2.telusplanet.net!newsfeed.telus.net!edtnps89.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <1096938745.248070.302000@h37g2000oda.googlegroups.com>
Subject: Re: Mobhunter Article: Early October News
Lines: 147
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
Message-ID: <lyB8d.24469$223.23191@edtnps89>
Date: Tue, 05 Oct 2004 18:16:49 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.180.97.29
X-Trace: edtnps89 1097000209 64.180.97.29 (Tue, 05 Oct 2004 12:16:49 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 05 Oct 2004 12:16:49 MDT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:18581


    Howdy, Loral! Delores here.

"Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com> wrote in message 
news:1096938745.248070.302000@h37g2000oda.googlegroups.com...
>
> A bit of nastiness hit quite a few people last week. People's Omens
> accounts shut off without warning and sent level 66+ players back to
> their level 65 self. At first rumors spoke of credit transaction
> problems but reports came in from people who bought their copy in the
> store. Sony jumped on it and posted this statement. I heard of nearly
> half a dozen people losing their level in this manner but all of them
> seemed to get it back without too much of a hassle. This seems to be
> the only major bug in an otherwise smooth expansion release; certainly
> smoother than Gates of Discord which suffered from random linkdeaths
> for nearly a week.

    There's another nasty bug that manifests in OoW zones, one that I get 
hit with myself. From time to time, a player's framerate will drop by a 
great deal. The more people in view on one's screen, the greater the 
dropoff. I was on raids in Wall of Slaughter where looking at the raid 
dropped me to *one* frame per second - effectively frozen. A large number of 
people in LC have reported the same thing. I have never experienced fierce 
graphics lag like this as a raider prior to OoW.


> 66+ spell costs dropped from 140,000 plat on the first few days to
> 60,000 plat today on Quellious.

    They're back to 70 K as of this morning. People are buying up the 60 K 
runes as soon as they appear and repricing them, especially since news came 
of a possible nerf to the Murkglider instance in Dranik's Scar. I'm the 
guild buyer/seller for LC now, and if I see any runes get below 60 K I'm 
opening up the vault and buying them for us, so expect the price to be 
propped up for some time now.

> I expect to see them drop to 10k before
> they meet the balance of supply and demand. This should probably happen
> in a month or two. I still know little about the location of 69 and 70
> spells.

    Wall of Slaughter and higer, named mobs. I believe the WoS mobs that 
drop the 69 and 70 runes may require a mini raid for the more casual player, 
though - I've only seen them drop from the raid mobs so far there. They do 
drop for sure from single-groupable (if you're a high-end raider) mobs in 
MPG and Riftseeker's.

> The no-drop requirement worries me. Instead of living the
> twilight of my levels where I choose, I will probably have to hunt in
> Muramite Provingrounds and Riftseeker's in order to receive 69 and 70
> spells.

    I don't like the "spells as loot" paradigm either, but I understand the 
justification. Casters get a lot of power bumps just from gaining levels in 
an environment where spells are common, melees do not. Take a look at the 
relative power difference between PoP and OoW spells and you'll see they've 
narrowed the power boost in the spells themselves, to bring them more in 
line with power boosts melees get from new gear.

> People continue to migrate in long lines to the Wall of Slaughter.
> Though better experience and loot awaits discovery in Ruined City of
> Dranik and its two sets of instances, people prefer the easier hunting
> ground and higher drop-rate of the Wall.

    Just curious - have you found 115+ HP items in RCoD? I looked at Sam 
Deathwalker's guide to the area, and most of the drops seemed to be in the 
90 HP range. That tells me that the best drops are in WoS, not RCoD. I agree 
that RCoD is under-utilized, though - hopefully people will start flocking 
there for the solid loot and lower-level runes.

> One thing that definitely appears to be missing are random rare drops
> on normal mobs.

    The Sam Deathwalker guide (posted on both EQClerics and Graffe's) 
indicates there are some random rare drop items. In addition, the tradeskill 
items (including the tradeskillable augments) are random rare drops. The one 
thing that isn't on a random table is the runes.

> Instead of spending hours camping the same two spawn
> areas in the Hollows, I'd prefer to have a low chance (1/100) of
> receiving a rune drop or a loot item off of a normal beast. Perhaps
> they haven't been found and reported yet, but so far I have seen none.

    If they were random rare drops, guilds like mine would monopolize 
low-end zones, pulling vast quantities of mobs to put through the blender in 
search of runes. To keep the drop rate at a controlled but reasonable level, 
runes need to be restricted to a specific subset of mobs which can be 
assumed to be perma-camped. To give you some idea of how nutty we'd get: two 
weeks ago or so, my group in Wall of Slaughter was pulling a half dozen mobs 
per pull intentionally with this group: Me (CLR), Ibiari (ENC), Gnix (ROG), 
Zaborus (RNG), Callainredux (RNG), Felpaw (BST). I was the only plate class 
in the group.

> Expect a new system for the loading screens between zones. People in
> beta had problems with the original one looking too much like a system
> hanging forever so they put in the loading screen. The loading screen,
> however, breaks the flow of the game too much. Sony builds a new system
> as we speak. Perhaps we will see it in the mid-October patch.

    I thought they were trying to look like World of Warcraft, which has a 
brief loading screen. I don't mind it, to be honest - it does show that you 
aren't hanging if you take a while to zone. But I could see how it would bug 
some.

> I look with narrowed eyes to find problems for the single-group hunter
> in Omens and I find few. Spell drops seem reasonable. I received a
> piece of loot in a single-group battle I could immediately use,
> something that hasn't happened to me in a long while. High level
> players can reach high level loot without required raiding. We have so
> many useful zones that some excellent hunting areas like the Ruined
> City of Draniks sit empty. Most of the problems I find and report are
> little more than nitpicks. Overall I still give Omens a big thumbs-up.

    There is one concern for me. There are a series of single group trials 
which may prove necessary for the key to Anguish which, at this point in 
time, each require very specific group setups to defeat. If these trials do 
prove to be mandatory, they will cause more issues than the Ikkinz trials 
did in GoD. We have also run into issues with some of the epic quests - for 
example, last night in Tattle's special epic instance of Hate the named 
never popped. But overall, the expansion is excellent. Let me describe one 
event we raided last night to give you an idea how fun and creative some of 
the content is:

    This is one of the raid trials in Muramite Proving Grounds, required for 
access to Anguish. You are told that the test is one of corruption, and that 
you are not to leave the test room or face punishment (you are death 
touched). You enter the instance into a round room, with a single passage 
leading to another round room. In the second room, on a platform in the 
center, is the corpse of a great beast. Around the edge of the room are 
player character NPCs, with epics equipped. Upon talking to one you find out 
that their guild has just slain the beast to complete the trial, what are 
YOU going to do about it? That's when the fun begins.

    The fight happens in waves, each wave containing more NPCs than the 
last. The scripting on the different NPCs is excellent. I saw the necro NPCs 
use both the Wake the Dead-like AA abilities, the rogue NPCs would circle 
around to backstab people, the enchanters AE stun and mez, the monks Mend 
and try to Feign off aggro at low health, some of the warrior NPCs even have 
Best of the Best titles ("the Strategist") and will call for the other NPCs 
to assist them, which happens! Trying to crack this event is going to be 
huge fun, and the rewards we've seen in other bested trials (275 HP/MANA 
items, three dropped total plus two runes plus everyone gets a flag raising 
their stat cap by 8) make it more than worth our while.

    James




