From 1371815009028452338
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c72e4ca2fd5db792
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-07-23 13:27:37 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!intern1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp.speakeasy.net!news.speakeasy.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 23 Jul 2003 15:27:35 -0500
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Subject: Re: New Wizard question
References: <gehthvcpgq78hvbj3gftof5o5ad4q4ktob@4ax.com>
Organization: Institute of Lawsonomy, Department of Suction and Pressure
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.7.4 (OS/2 Warp 5 for ENIAC)
Message-ID: <CG2dnUUT0JYqcoOiRTvUpQ@speakeasy.net>
Date: Wed, 23 Jul 2003 15:27:35 -0500
Lines: 110
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.40.220.119
X-Trace: sv3-WZbgrm4lvFNmSXJz8isGHtnZelm0JNfIj0XySVTGZ/5XTq7bqJcTVKHEBvY1EixFJQ5a3k+dGViRwx7!D4iX4o9ftUcJ8W6aYRMQnemKIVnxl/1Gvq1CbwKxyR580nB3ofVcoLn+dhJ1rExYGfBN+p2gFpA6!YgwM9bOUyYXADw==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@speakeasy.net
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@speakeasy.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:294163

In article <gehthvcpgq78hvbj3gftof5o5ad4q4ktob@4ax.com>,
geologist_345not@hotmail.com wrote:
> I have a wizard, level 9, I've been playing a lot recently.  She's in BBM
> just now, killing wandering greenbloods and goblins that aren't camped. I
> just got that great fire bolt spell, which does massive damage and has a
> stunning range. She does ok with wandering mobs, but would like to take on
> camps. Any suggestions for how to go about this?  I read on Caster's
> Realm, I think, something to the effect that the range is so great that
> the fire bolt spell doesn't cause aggro. I was wondering if this was, in
> fact, the case, and whether or not there were any cautions involved?

I don't know if that's true or not, but welcome to Wizardry!  What you are
doing now (trying to figure out how to deal with a group of mobs) is one of
the most fun things in the game.  A Wizard doesn't have any crowd control
other than root and stun, and has nothing like Pacify or Harmony.  This can
make breaking a camp quit a puzzle, but that's also a lot of the fun.

Here are some ways to break a camp.

1. Pick a mob in the camp and nuke it.  The whole camp comes running.

2. Run to the zone!  Just before you zone, root the mob that you nuked, then
zone out.

3. Wait a little bit, and zone back.

Hopefully, the mob you nuked is still rooted, or at least nearby, and the
rest of wondered out of range, heading back to the camp.  Finish off that
one mob.

4. Repeat.

If the zone isn't too far from the camp, and the respawn times aren't too
short (or the camp is small), this can work.

Here's something I tried on a camp of two.

1. Bind near the camp.

2. Root one of them.

3. Run to the zone and zone out.

4. Gate back to the camp.

5. Try to kill the one at the camp before the other gets back.

This could be changed to this, if you can kill them fast enough:

1. Root one.

2. Run to the zone but don't zone (just running to zone so it will be easy
to bail if this doesn't work).

3. Fight the one that is chasing you.  Hopefully, you can kill it before
root breaks and the other one gets to you.

4. Start medding until the other one shows up.  If you have enough mana,
kill it.  If not, zone to clear aggro.  (Note: even if you do have enough
mana, you might want to zone, and med all the way up, then come back,
because you want to space the spawns out, so you don't have to rebreak the
camp every time).

(When I was your level, we didn't get messages when our spells broke, so
we'd have no idea when the other one was on the way).

Note the common themes here: root to separate mobs and zoning to clear
aggro.

>  Also, she rooted a mob last night for the first time and then blasted it.
>  The root broke immediately with the fire bolt. Why? And how should she go

Wizard root works approximately like this:

    1. When you cast it, the mob gets a resist check (using the mob's magic
    resist, I believe).  This determines if you get a resist or the spell
    lands.

    2. Every tick (6 seconds), the mob gets another check to see if root
    breaks.  I have no idea what stat this is based on, and whether the
    chance of breaking is the same each tick.  (Druid root checks less
    frequently, which is why Druids are way better than Wizards at rooting a
    mob for a med break during a fight)

    3. Whenever anyone does damage to the mob, the mob gets another check to
    break root.

Basic root/nuke goes like this:

    1. Root.

    2. Nuke from maximum range (note that bolts have a larger ranger than
    regular nukes) (also note that since bolts take time to travel to the
    target, you can be backing up while the bolt is in flight, so that if it
    break root, you have some extra room for step #3).

    3. Reroot when root breaks.  Root casts pretty fast, so there's a fair
    chance you can get the mob rooted before it gets to you (of course, it
    can resist).  If the mob does get to you, you can still reroot, but you
    need to time your spell so that you cast between swings of the mob.
    (Note that some mobs swing faster than others, and some have double
    attacks and kicks...so learn which and avoid them).  Go back to step #2.

Wizards solo pretty well, but most of us suppress our memories of before
level 29. :-)  Level 29 is when we get Bonds of Force (a snare), and our
lives change.

-- 
Evidence Eliminator is worthless: www.evidence-eliminator-sucks.com
--Tim Smith


