From 5525279696432325640
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1291e35a8d6623cf
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-13 00:35:19 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!news.stealth.net!news.stealth.net!central.cox.net!cox.net!p01!news2.central.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Um... what?
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.net
Message-ID: <ackviusp637nlk2a66tns3s5uuv9kbtjei@4ax.com>
References: <MPG.17980c3fbb08d9be9896ca@shawnews>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.91/32.564
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 145
Date: Sat, 13 Jul 2002 07:35:18 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.13.34.245
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news2.central.cox.net 1026545718 68.13.34.245 (Sat, 13 Jul 2002 03:35:18 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 13 Jul 2002 03:35:18 EDT
Organization: Cox Communications
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:211560

On Fri, 12 Jul 2002 05:45:07 GMT, ryouseika <nobody@nowhere.com>
wrote:

Snip

>[Wed Jul 10 03:02:39 2002] You told , 'excuse me for bothering you, but 
>are you able to bind, and if so may I donate for a bind just inside the 
>Qeynos zone line?'

Snip
If I was said "chick, I would have said 
"soulbinder."

if you balked at that I'd have said, 
"if you are too lazy to go by the bank in the second
qeynos zone and talk to the soulbinder why should I not
be too lazy to go into qeynos to bind you?"

>*sigh* Strange, strange chick.  What am I gonna do, steal her camp while 
>she's away the 30 seconds it takes to zone, bind me, and zone back? 

Someone might, plus she is playing for herself. Many people forget
this when they want stuff. The other person is also playing for
themselves. It is why class interdependance does not work, why you
won't see it in any new mmorpgs and why they added soulbinders to the
game finally after 3 years of players asking for them.


> I 
>offered another level 10 caster in BB 15 plat (everything I had on me at 
>the time) to come to Qeynos and bind me right inside the zone and he 
>refused and said "guess you'll have to be careful huh?"  Yeah, that's 
>fantastic considering I'm encumbered, in desperate need of food and 
>water and the bank, and have no idea what my reception is gonna be like 
>if I step foot into town (I had a human SK there who wasn't well liked 
>either, I thought perhaps they'd be even less happy to see a DE there)

Ah, forgive my soulbinder rant ;) 
Its not THAT hard for a DEF to get good faction. My dark elf cleric
rapidly got non kos and her faction is probably worse than yours (DEF
plus innoruk)


>Yeah, great.  Blah.  I wish newbs were as broke as *I* remember being.  
>I found out later the chick who 'can only bind herself' was a druid high 
>enough level to 'port to most locations for donation'.  ::headshake:: So 
>either she was lying and paranoid about losing her camp in the middle of 
>the night when I had been doing /who for the last ten minutes without 
>seeing a sign of anyone in zone, or she was incredibly stupid for her 
>level.

She was probably lying/fudging because it worked in making someone
like you stop bothering her before. I'm embarrased to say that I've
done the same thing before. See, the thing is this:

1) She is playing for herself and does not want to perform services at
that time.

2) She feels that it would be perceived as her being rude or uppity to
just ignore you telling her, so she feels like she should respond
somehow.

3) she feels the most succinct response would be just saying she
can't. If you fall for it, there is no more arguement.

4) in your case you did not fall for it, which means she has to
"explain" which is what she was originally trying to avoid.

Anymore this is why I've just gotten good at ignoring unsolicited
tells of people asking for stuff. If someone tells me just asking for
information like "where do I buy the level 19 druid spells?" I'm more
than happy to answer that. If they /tell me asking if I can port
them.. it means we are going to have some kind of conversation and I
am going to have to explain. Nothing works to prevent this except
simply not responding at all. If you respond at all, no matter how you
respond, it always goes like this:

<player> Can you please port me

<me(hoping to be as succinct as possible) > No

<player> why not?  

(see? Even just saying no did not work, it should.
No means no. When they do this I always feel like
saying "are you a date raper in real life also?")

Lets try being forthright instead.

<player> can you plz port me?

<me> No, because I am busy having me time, for myself and
at the moment I am not assisting others.

<player> Why not? Plz?

See, it doesn't matter what you say. You are going to have a
conversation and they are going to want you to explain
even though "no", or certainly the SECOND example, should
have been enough.
 
This has often made me want to go to "extreme leave me alone" mode
which would be something like:

"no, because frankly I don't give  a rat's ass if you die in the game
or in fact in real life. You are no one to me and I won't take the
time to piss on you if you are on fire."

but I am too nice to use that conversation ender, besides I know that
it would elicit

<player> plz?

Then I'd have to ascertain if they meant "plz" piss on them or if they
mean "plz" port them.

Okay, I'll quit being a jerk now and explain it as simply as possible.
The problem is that you are trying to make them feel empathy for you
(putting yourself in the position of others) while you are unable to
really have empathy for them unless you've been a "service" class. 

You are unable to understand the problem with 2,000 people all saying 
"Please, it will only take a few seconds. " That is the problem. When
you add them up they no longer take a few seconds. I tell you the
truth, from the time that my 56 level druid logged on until 9 hours
later I could spend my ENTIRE time playing ONLY helping people who
asked me for help in personal tells. I would not get a single other
thing done. Sorry, that might be a fun game to you but it sure as hell
isn't for me. Its the reason why people are anon in the first place. 

At first I was always anon but found that I was asked so often, "what
class are you? can you port me? can you res me? " by some clueless
idiot who did not seem to understand the purpose of being anon, that
it eliminates more of the hassle to just not have it on and make an
"I'm busy, this is a hotkey" key.

So she was trying to cut things off in the quickest way possible. Of
course you know what you would have done if she simply said, "no." 

<you> Why not? Please, it will only take a second.



dstephenatcoxdotnet
(using the @ and . for email)


