From 2201589546724714282
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7eb75666d97f47f0
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-17 03:05:28 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newsfeed1.earthlink.net!newsfeed2.earthlink.net!newsfeed.earthlink.net!news.mindspring.net!not-for-mail
From: Marc Fuller <katoran@mindspring.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: getting bored with EverQuest
Date: Tue, 17 Jul 2001 03:09:16 -0700
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Lines: 84
Message-ID: <3B540ECC.65D3DB4@mindspring.com>
References: <_1S47.328$yE1.41904@newsread2.prod.itd.earthlink.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: a5.79.25.dd
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Server-Date: 17 Jul 2001 10:04:47 GMT
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.72 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en,ja,zh
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:96075

John wrote:
> 
> Two years and two accounts, I'm finally bored stiff.  Several characters in
> their '50s, I've tried starting new characters but I'm just tired of making
> levels and worse spending weeks making levels in the mid '50s characters.
> Tired of selling loot, tired of the routine.  Seems like every character is
> either log on,check your food/water supplies, find a group and kill stuff
> for a few hours possibly make 2 or 3 blue bubbles assuming you don't die.
> Next day same thing different character.  Or solo which is really boring.
> Or play a character at lower levels but it's the same just that you make
> experience faster.  I've mastered 3 trades, maxed out every skill on every
> character for their level and class.  It seems to get interesting if I get
> something nice from a mob but within a week every level 6 has one. lol
> 
> any suggestions?
> 
> .What do you do in EverQuest that's interesting?

One thing that I do is to go do something besides camping and killing. 
Once, just for laughs, my Magician wandered Nektulos handing summoned
weapons to all the decaying skeletons, and tying dimensional pockets full
of Beetle Eye Pies to the wolves.  Granted, giving the skeletons Swords of
Runes was probably a bad idea, but it definitely made things interesting
for everyone in the area.

If I've gotten some interesting but not particularly valuable item, like a
Chipped Vellium Amulet, I'll create a mini-newbie quest.  I recently went
to GFay looking for the ground spawn item used to make green dye.  Since my
Magician is a Dark Elf, I'm not terribly keen on wandering through the
forest staring at the ground and waiting for Guard Pinehead to drop out of
a tree on me.  So I went to the bandit camp north of Felewithe, and
announced that I was buying the items I wanted.  I also mentioned that
whoever brought me the most during the two hours I was there would win the
amulet.  I then proceeded to make life miserable for the bandits, since I
also need the Elf Blood they rarely drop.  I was actually somewhat suprised
to have no less than six low level characters show up selling the dye
components.  (It is Greater Twinkdark, after all.)  I ended up with two
stacks of raw green dye parts, and a happy level 6 Rogue got a nice amulet.

However, I do get burned out on EQ.  I get burned out on most games
eventually.  The distinguishing feature of EQ is that I keep coming back. 
I thought I'd quit for good last time, and only just refrained from quietly
deleting my characters.  But I left them, and then they did the big
tradeskill patch, and fixed a few of the broken spells, and added a lot of
new quests.  Some of what they'll add in Luclin looks interesting (new
spells for every class,) some of it I can't use and therefore don't care
about (my system probably won't handle the Luclin zones,) and some of it is
downright scary.  (Is it just me, or are all the new character models
*fat?*  I mean, the current ones are both blocky and super-slim in their
spandex plate armor, but the new human model just does not look heroic to
me.  In fact, he looks like the security guard from Half-Life:  Opposing
Force, except in plate mail.  And with less hair.  And a bigger beer
belly.)

On the other hand, I've never really understood the "EQ as a way of life"
method of playing.  The only item I've ever tried to camp in the game is
the AC ring for Jboots, and that was for my (currently) level 44 Magician. 
I've still never gotten the ring.  If I'm hunting somewhere and someone
starts to be a pest, I just leave.  If I want to be somewhere else, I just
go, I don't sit around asking for a SoW, or a Port.  As a SoW'less Magician
whose Invisibility can last anywhere from 1 second to around 10 minutes,
just getting somewhere alive is usually quite an adventure.  When I start
to get upset about something, it's time to sleep for the night.  (I don't
think I've ever played more than seven hours at once, and I've only done
that three times.)  When it starts to feel like a chore to sign in and play
the game, it's time to go play something else, or do something else.

In any case, EQ is a game.  Games are meant to entertain.  If you are
having fun, great.  If not, it's probably time to consider doing something
else.  Get a hobby.  Get a girlfriend.  Learn to juggle.  (Which is a
useful skill to have if you want to have a hobby and a girlfriend at the
same time.)  Learn to speak Japanese, so you can communicate when they take
over the world.  Stare at a crystal and become One with Nature.  Buy Dan
Reeder's book "The Simple Screamer" and make an ugly little monster statue
out of newpapers and glue.  Play a Final Fantasy game, and see if you think
all those people who rave about it are really nuts.  Play with a Rubik's
Revenge cube, and drive yourself nuts.  Take up singing, and drive everyone
else nuts.  Go watch a sunset, or pet a kitten, or smell a rose.  (Don't
pet a sunset, watch a rose, or smell a kitten, people will think you're
weird.)  Go to the park, sneak up behind a mime, and silently mock him as
he silently annoys everyone else.  In short, if EQ is boring, go do
something that isn't.

Marc Fuller


