From -1311073541209011636
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,85f6f16a4b4ec2e5,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-09-09 14:47:24 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!central.cox.net!east.cox.net!cox.net!p01!lakeread05.POSTED!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Pure Melee Soloing
From: Koscha <koscha@COXsomewhereinnorrath.net>
Organization: The Broken Shackle
User-Agent: Xnews/5.04.25
Lines: 80
Message-ID: <MTr7b.43981$uh6.4570@lakeread05>
Date: Tue, 09 Sep 2003 21:47:24 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.99.96.14
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: lakeread05 1063144044 68.99.96.14 (Tue, 09 Sep 2003 17:47:24 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 09 Sep 2003 17:47:24 EDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:299614

Now, I'm not an anti-social player; the folks on the AGE chat channel 
know how much I can blather.  :P  But for one reason or another my 
characters usually hunt alone.  I'm wary of pick-up groups and my time 
online is sometimes limited... or full of sudden AFKs as I go tend to RL 
foo.

Fortunately, there are several classes that solo very well!  I've even 
played some of them.  Beastlords are especially fun.  Still, in the end, 
my heart belongs to the pure melee character -- no spells to worry 
about, no songs to twist, no pets to maybe path strange and get out of 
control.

So, naturally, I've had some thoughts about soloing and pure melees, 
which I'll natter on about to y'all here.  Feel free to correct me if 
I've gotten something wrong or if there's something I haven't 
considered; I'm definitely no expert.

*

First, the monk.  The monk's a great damage-dealer but poor on defense; 
since The Unholy Nerf, a monk mitigates damage very poorly -- worse, I'm 
told, than their hybrid offspring the beastlord.  Also, a monk has to 
keep her carried weight extremely low, lest her AC further drop.  
There's many a time I've seen some piece of armor in the Bazaar that 
would be a great upgrade in AC for the little cash that I have, but the 
weight is so prohibitive that I keep what I've got.  I've heard that 
monk armor tends to be terribly expensive, comparitively, which is 
ironic, since because of the weight limitation, a solo monk is forced to 
leave loot to rot and destroy copper (and even silver) coins.  Being 
poor wouldn't be so bad if one wasn't equpment-dependent.

Still, there *is* the monk's ability to deal out damage, and deal it out 
*fast*, and the Mend ability, used in the middle of a battle, can turn 
the tide (I often think of Mend has a hitpoint reserve).  Also, Feign 
Death gives the monk an escape route for when things get too hairy.  
It's even useful on a small overpull, even if the mobs won't feign-split 
(like those damned bandits in Paludal).  Just live long enough to kill 
one and get your XP, then feign, wait for the rest to leave, and crawl 
off to bind wounds and heal up.

*

Second, the warrior.  No damage mitigation problems *here*; the warrior 
gets to use plate armor and gets the most out of her AC.  More, she gets 
the most hitpoints of any other character class, all other things being 
equal.  She can deal out damage -- not as good as the monk or rogue, 
perhaps, but enough to be able to out-last the mob.  Unlike the monk 
(and like the rogue), the warrior's carried weight is limited only by 
her strength, and that's likely to be high anyway, so no problem there.  
Oh, and while monks are limited to throwing stars (which add to carried 
weight), warriors can use bows for pulling... not to mention just about 
every kind of weapon.

The downside to the warrior is that her healing is limited by her Bind 
Wounds and her own regen, and the former isn't as good as the monk's.  
Also, the warrior's only escape route is her own two feet, so she has to 
be more careful about what she pulls; there'll be no feign death to save 
her from a costly mistake.  Downtime can be a pain, unless the warrior's 
bind wounds is good, she has lots of bandages, and is willing to limit 
herself to what she can kill at under 50% health.

*

Finally, the rogue.  I haven't had any real experience soloing a rogue, 
but they strike me as being the worst off of the three (ironic, 
considering the name of the class).  They don't have the hitpoints, 
damage mitigation, or defensive capabilities of the warrior and are 
limited to chain armor.  They don't deal as much damage as the monk 
either unless they're behind the mob, and a soloing rogue doesn't get 
near enough chance to backstab.  Poison is problematic at best.  Oh, and 
the rogue's escape methods are just like the warrior's, as is her 
healing ability.  Overall, the soloing rogue seems to me to be like a 
too-weak warrior who, because of Hide and Sneak, excells at corpse runs.  
:/

*

Thoughts?  Comments?

-- Koscha Oathbound, 22 Iksar Monk, Firiona Vie


