From 8590181860008648372
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,77ac3c58f8db5d73
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-13 05:27:15 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Getting into the Hole and Paineel
Date: Wed, 13 Mar 2002 08:13:48 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C8F508C.2B95C349@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3c8e80f7$1@news.microsoft.com> <3Dvj8.8986$TU3.243205@news4.ulv.nextra.no> <u8t7o6qivfe9c1@corp.supernews.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 72
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:174895

Lots of interesting questions and a variety of answers here.  After a
good long time, I think I'm something of a reliable source on this
subject, being that the Hole is about my favorite zone in the Game, I've
done several levels there, led raids there, and frequently use a CR mule
I have stationed there for rescues or just exploration.

First of all, the key(s) question. You can check your Paineel faction
easily enough. Just turn left as you come out of the tunnel by the Hole
chasm, go through the next tunnel, and into the Paineel newbie area. Run
a ways past they guards (they are very low level for guards, and have a
quite short aggro radius) and con them. Paineel is only on ONE faction
these days, for almost all the NPCs there (all the ones you have to
worry about anyway). There's also some skellies in the tunnel outside in
Toxx, but I'm not 100% positive they are on the same faction, so it's
safer to check the guards. If you are KOS up to indifferent you'll need
to do some faction work. Zone into the conveniently located Warrens and
just start slaughtering the greenies in there by the hundreds. Zone out
every once in a while and check faction with those guards. You'll want
to get up above indifferent. 

Once you manage that, just ask the guard for a key. He'll give you one.
Take that back out along the edge of the pit over to the Paineel entry
side. Hold the key on your pointer and hold it over the big rock in
front of the elevator and hit "U". The rock will spin and the elevator
will come up. You can bank, shop, etc. inside now freely. The store in
front of the bank has a merchant in there who sells the Hole Key. It's
between 100 and 140 Plat depending on charisma, faction, etc. The key
looks like a small bag, not a "key" so check all the items in the
merchants inventory by name. It will say "Hole Key" or something to that
effect.

As to the big pit outside Paineel itself? Yes, that's an "entry" to the
Hole. If you fall/jump into it from the edge where you come in, you will
get into the Hole, but any lev type spells you have on you will be
stripped and you will fall a VERY long ways for a 10K splat. Supposedly
there was a brief time where a bug allowed two spells to stack on you so
only one would be stripped, and you could float in. I think it might
have been DMF and SoE. But that was nerfed. Even if you somehow survived
the fall, you would land about twenty feet in front of the Boss mob,
Master Yael, and be surrounded by an additional half dozen mobs. Your
life expectancy would be less than that of a gay communist in
Brownsville, Texas on the 4th of July.  Rumor has it that you can swim
or crawl down the waterfall, through the zone, into that pit but I've
never tried it yet. But again, even if you managed it, unless you're a
Brell worshipping halfling rogue it's pretty pointless.

Down by the pool in Paineel which is past the newbie area, past the
warrens entry, and through the tunnels is the "correct" entry to the
Hole. It's a boulder that acts as a door underwater. The Hole key opens
it and you can swim in, swim through the zone, and surface in a pool by
the safe area at the entrace. For those without a key, there is a small
hole in the rocks above the boulder (door). Certain smaller races can,
with practice, learn to "wiggle" through there and swim in without a
key. That's how my CR mule get's in all the time. Works for halflings
and many elves. I've heard dwarves and barbarians and humans say they've
done it, but I've not seen it myself. If you're a troll or an ogre,
forget it.

If you fall into that pit, it's time to either get a coffin and find a
high level necro, or contact somebody like me with a CR mule to drag you
out. (or, of course, make one yourself. If you do that, make sure it's a
halfling rogue that worships Brell and pull all your starting points
that you can into Stamina for the extended breath holding capabilities
while swimming.)

HTH

-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
Braellaen: "Does anyone know the approx hit points of a rhino?"
Kirstin: "7. But they're *big* HP."


