From -3472949792057849003
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2f3d04052ceb5bea,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 14 Jul 2004 08:48:42 -0500
Date: Wed, 14 Jul 2004 09:48:40 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Any group will do
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <dN2dnT_uo_gmpGjdRVn-gg@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 317
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.130
X-Trace: sv3-pLRZaK/4Q83deR4uAt6MeIuRnXzlamST+OhVbwQrjfks1pRYF6ZokkC4I7LlY4nkkTQcUP1adGezctU!muA1ll7+aoD9t0v5yYwt0mhAG+p0ATINT0QIomn0T3fI2E4yjSYglMrzCj/ZSnLoC8oQ8VRrSZIE
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:9646

Logged in yesterday, checked my friends list and found an enchanter 
around my level.

My friends list isn't all that long, and consists of people I've grouped 
with that made good groupmates; talkitive, generally competant, fun. 
Don't need to be great at the game if they are willing to listen to 
advice and seem to be capable of learning.

Contacted said enchanter and suggested we pair up; she'd been on a 
couple hours soloing, in fact apparantly has had to solo most of her 
life as an enchanter.  Go figure.  I guess a) people don't know what an 
enchanter can do for them and b) there really aren't all that many 
people in their mid 20s anyway, particularly ones that aren't being PLed 
thru it as quick as possible

After a little thought, we went to Mistmoor.  Zoned in, buffed up with 
haste and made her pet, then I started pulling.  Took her a little while 
to figure out which mobs to mez, and she never did get good at engaging 
pet while doing her job; the ideal plan would probably have been for her 
to pull, but we didn't get to that point before adding more people. 
There was certainly some down time, but far less than there would have 
been with me tanking multiples; single pull I can kill pretty well, 
particularly hasted, and on high level mobs, with them slowed.  While 
doing DB mobs, she'd nuke a bit instead.

This phase didn't last long, people zoned in and joined us, and we spent 
several hours in the zone with groups of one type or another.  I found 
that it didn't matter much who we were with in terms of class, if they 
could work and play well with others, we did quite nicely, and 
contrawise if they weren't good group players and couldn't listen to 
orders, they actually slowed us down, even if they seemed to be a class 
that would fill a much needed hole.

How do I rate that?  Well, pulling to the entrance, question is, how far 
back could I pull before repops?  The further in, the better the group.

Among the many group configurations:

Berserk, Chanter, SK
This worked surprisingly well, and formed the extended backbone for most 
of the time there.  SK was a couple levels lower, not twinked, and not 
very skilled or talkitive... didn't make my friends list, although 
basically competant and well behaved and capable of learning.  At any 
rate, he contributed DPS, frequently was MT, and often served as the 
sole healer in the group (patch healing me after a kill, when I was MT, 
which was also frequent)

Berserk, Chanter, SK, lowbie warrior.  Level 20 warrior joined us, 
twinked and buffed to the gills.  He pulled for a while, but kept 
getting rooted in the tunnels, gave the duty back to me eventually.  He 
tried to MT, but had difficulty holding aggro even with me using my jolt 
strike, he just wasn't hitting much.

Berserk, Chanter, SK, lowbie warrior, lowbie cleric.  Cleric wasn't that 
much better a healer than the SK, frankly, except that he was dedicated 
to the job, while the SK was really only healing during down times. 
Warrior continued to struggle along until his Temp and HOS faded, then 
he left.

Berserk, Chanter, SK, lowbie cleric.  I was able to pull further before 
repops without the warrior, apparantly he hadn't been doing much damage 
and had been trying the resources of the healers; a large HP pool due to 
buffs and gear, but took more damage and didn't have any hp regen so he 
was sucking down healer mana constantly, but insisted on being MT (which 
is silly since the SK was technically the highest level plate class, and 
I had 7 levels advantage over him)

Berserk, Chanter, SK, bard.
We had two different bards in, neither astonishingly good; 3 song mixes, 
didn't listen well to requests.  I give bards a pass on the talkitive 
requirement, of course, but still neither made the cut.  Still, 
healsong, manasong, occaisional backup mez, its hard to go wrong with 
the classics, healsong alone made a substantial difference in groups 
with no "real" healer.  Biggest problem?  Stopping them using AE damage 
songs of one flavor or another; breaking mezzes right and left.  The key 
to this group was the mezzing, not only because we often had no healer 
and so needed to get our damage taken down as low as possible, but also 
because to me it was important to get my friend trained up in mezzing 
skills she'll need later, so mez was the core strategy we'd selected.

Berserk, Chanter, SK, ranger, cleric.  Sad, this, the ranger immediately 
asked if he could take over pulls, which I was amenable to.  Then he'd 
go out, get multiples who'd beat on him all the way back, and stick 
nasty spells to him, so he'd end up in camp nearly dead.  We'd assist 
him and start killing while the enchanter mezzed the adds... and he'd 
break mez.  Not on one mob, but on several in a row, switching targets 
with gusto.  Or he'd get rooted and we'd have to run to rescue him. 
After about 5 pulls he said perhaps I should take over pulling again. 
Shortly after this he went LD and never returned.

Berserk, Chanter, SK, cleric, shaman, druid.  Druid wouldn't give me a 
DS, kept meleeing, kept breaking mez (meleeing an add instead of my 
target) wouldn't heal, nuked till OOM and then complained that she was 
OOM, and about getting only breeze instead of clarity, never offered to 
pull.  Shaman basically soloed alongside us, pulling a single add out of 
each pull and killing it on his own, supplying us with a few buffs. 
This was odd, but functioned, knowing he was going to do it enchanter 
wouldn't mez his sub pull, so he wasn't breaking mez.  Due to the way 
exp works, we were all benefiting from the full group bonus, although I 
suspect he benefitted more than we did, getting easy singles plus his 
share of exp from our significantly higher kill rate, paying only with 
his lower kill rate exp.  Still, sixth man is free and he did supply a 
few buffs.

ASIDE: this was a theme of the day, by the way, with very few exceptions 
nobody offered to pull instead of me; a chain class with no particular 
pulling abilities, no way at all to pull singles, no real desire to be 
MT.  All I had was a willingness to do the job, and eventually, 
experience doing it in this zone from having done it for hours.  Druid 
could pull with harmony, cleric with lull, enchanter with lull, bard 
with lull, paladin with lull, necro with FD (do they have this by mid 
20s?)... luckily my unstated desire to train the enchanter in mezzing 
meant my getting multiples was really all part of the plan, if it hadn't 
been I couldn't have avoided it often (sometimes I deliberately ran thru 
one mob to make sure a couple more added)

Berserk, Chanter, Shaman, Druid (SK went on break for dinner).  Shaman 
came over and joined the team now, served as main healer.  Druid 
continued to annoy, breaking mezzes, now using AE nukes as well as 
meleeing whatever she wanted without assisting... she had dinged and was 
learning new spells.  Definately missed the big cleric heals, but shaman 
was acceptable substitute, and with two healers we should have been 
fine... but druid wasn't really helpful in any regard, to be honest, 
other than contributing some DPS in general.  Missed having the SK as co 
MT; had gotten used to being able to dump aggro to him so as to share 
out the damage taking, the lower DPS total was also somewhat noticable.

ASIDE: most of the mez breakers claimed ignorance... but often seemed 
surprised that we knew who was breaking and could usually guess how.  Do 
most people have something turned off so they don't see the big yellow 
mez break message?  I remember the days before that message, when 
figuring out what was going on could be a hassle, now, though, its right 
there in bold colors for everyone to see, as far as I can tell.

Berserk, Chanter, SK, naked paladin.  Paladin made a better healer than 
the SK, in fact about as good as that lowbie cleric we had working for 
us earlier.  Had an unfortunate tendancy to get aggro, though, and get 
beat down pretty thouroughly due to lack of any armor.

Berserk, Chanter, SK, naked paladin, Cleric, Bard.  Now the paladin 
really lacked a role, got a bronze two handed sword and started working 
as DPS, but suffered from a tendancy to break mez (properly, sort of, 
breaking new mez once old target died...) which meant getting the aggro 
and then taking tons of damage.  Paladin probably zoned out more than 
anyone we grouped with the whole time.

ASIDE: This became a mini quest for us; the paladin had been playing in 
the zone earlier in the day and died, needed body back.  Originally I 
thought body was in the GY, which we were regularly clearing with almost 
any group configuration.  Turns out there was more to the story; he'd 
been doing something with levitate on, and then had fallen into a place 
"near the graveyard".  Eventually it came out that wolves had killed 
him.  Aha, only place I could think of with wolves was the area for the 
shaman epic piece (and he had to be lucky to see that cause they only 
spawn if you kill a mob deep inside, usually only killed in order to do 
the shaman epic piece).  Well, we'd rarely been able to clear the entire 
way down to the Dark Huntress who sits there, but I kept trying, sadly 
never quite made it with paladin in group, eventually someone logged on 
a high level shaman alt and went and got it for him... eventually was 
after a couple hours and the paladin almost leveling, though!

Berserk, Chanter, SK, paladin, cleric, bard.  After the paladin finally 
got his body back, things actually went downhill.  Now he'd take aggro, 
break mezzes to off tank, and then die.  Only member of any team the 
whole day to die more than once.  He was much more useful when naked, so 
he knew he couldn't take the heat; dressed he didn't seem to get the 
message!

Berserk, Chanter, Paladin, Cleric, Mage.  Paladin still kept up his 
ways, and cost us some mana insisting on rez (ooh, 10% rez be still my 
heart).  Mage, though, was more frustrating for me, as an ex mage 
myself.  I'd ask for a summon and he wouldn't have it.  No bandages, no 
vision items, no food or drink.  At one point he was asking when pets 
dual weild, I told him to summon a couple different weapons and see if 
the pet hit with both types (blunt and slash) and he said he didn't have 
those yet.  Oh, no problem, then, just a blunt and summon dagger for 
piercing.  Nope, didn't have summon dagger.  My mind boggles, admittedly 
I spend a lot of wasted cash and effort getting every last spell for my 
casters... but summon dagger is very cheap and good for gearing up pets 
so they dual weild even up to level 60 (for beastlord shaman pets, who 
never dual weild naturally), until at 61 you finally get an upgrade. 
Well anyway, mage wouldn't DS (didn't have the spell), but was otherwise 
well behaved, nuking only the main target and rarely stealing aggro; 
he'd put pet on adds which is great because pet never breaks mez, so it 
did nothing but help control adds till mez landed.  Only other problem 
with mage was that he kept complaining about pulls being slow, 
regardless of the fact that I by now was pretty well aware of what the 
chanter and cleric could handle and was pacing things to that.  Only guy 
all day to complain more than once about slow pulls.  OH, also insisted 
on using earth pet, despite not needing it as MT and the root being 
mildly annoying.

Berserk, Chanter, Necromancer, Druid, Beastlord.  This druid played 
healer, not spectacularly, but got the job done; heck, I was used to SK 
healer by now, so this was an upgrade.  Both pet classes did great, 
again, like the mage before, pets off tanking till mez stuck.  Beastlord 
did have a habit of breaking mez and off tanking on his own, but not 
when it mattered.

ASIDE: all day long I was pretty much the only snarer.  SK, ranger, 
druid, necro... sometimes a bard would snare.  Other than that, nobody 
seemed to get that stopping runners means finishing them off quicker, 
getting back to the other mezzed mobs quicker, not getting adds while 
killing (and probably far from the chanter)... if I was inattentive, on 
a different mob, got a resist, or had used my single special slot 
(stun/snare/jolt) for something else (12 second refresh on the slot), 
then the mobs just went unsnared, sometimes making it all the way down 
into the tunnel with people on its back.  To me, snare is a key function 
in most groups, admittedly here it wasn't crucial like it might be in a 
OS group or something, but if I was a snare class I'd be honing my 
skills on it... in fact, I am a snare class and I was doing just that, 
so I wasn't too upset about it not being handled by anyone else, but it 
did make me wonder.

ASIDE: I kept the exp flowing in any group configuration by a simple 
expedient taught me long ago by a mad rogue puller in the Oasis; keep 
pulling.  Pull small singles and solo them if you have to, pull large 
clusters when the group is doing well.  Pause on occaision to get mana 
levels back up a bit, but if part of the group is ready and others 
aren't, pull what the partial group can handle and let the others med or 
be afk or whatever.  If we got trained out and the group was taking a 
long break, I'd go in and solo mobs, people would trickle in behind me 
and start helping out.  The only thing that really stopped me pulling 
was when there was nothing but multiple red pull and low mana situation, 
or when due to other groups in zone there was nothing left standing in 
the entire area I was pulling (I stayed outdoors the whole time I was in 
the zone) other than the dark huntress and that non KOS lady.

ASIDE: I talk as though we were alone in the zone the whole time.  We 
weren't.  Frequently other groups would come in.  People in our group 
complained that they were taking our mobs, thats true they were, but 
camping "the whole outdoors" isn't really going to fly.  Besides, it was 
rare that this meant we had nothing to pull.  What was a problem was 
that they would wander thru the passageway killing as they went, instead 
of pulling out to a kill spot.  Even graveyard hunters would frequently 
pull to the passage outside the graveyard, instead of moving in.  This 
was a problem because I'd move past them, grab the next mob or cluster 
of mobs, come back and boom, one or more of my mobs would peel off into 
their fights.  I'd have to come back and swat them around a bit till I 
got their attention, then slowly move back till I was sure mob was 
following me.  With multiple pulls, I usually didn't get them all, one 
or two was fine with me.  Was this training the groups in the way? 
Well, I suppose it was, but it wasn't deliberate, if they weren't 
fighting mobs in the pull route I could easily get my pulls past them, 
even sitting in the way.  And I was there first, they were, as far as I 
was concerned, in my way and stealing my mobs (not that I complained), 
and so were getting what they deserved in terms of any adds I supplied. 
  Only one group ever complained, the rest (frequently featuring people 
that had been in my group earlier) just went with it, leaving my pulls 
alone and letting me peel them back off.

More of that ASIDE: The one group that did complain was fighting outside 
the GY, and when my pull added to them, put someone on offtanking it.  I 
went back and grabbed it again (hard with no taunt to speak of), and the 
offtank grabbed it back.  They added a second offtank, I went and pulled 
it away again.  Third offtank.  I couldn't get it off them, but kept 
fighting, and when the mob died I got the exp.  They complained, and I 
said it was my pull and they'd stolen it, they said that if I didn't 
train them they wouldn't do so, I pointed out that they were playing in 
the road and had no kick as far as I was concerned if a truck ran into 
them, and further that I'd been pulling mobs down that tunnel for over 8 
hours at that point and they were the ones that had moved in the way. 
They moved in to the GY and we had no further trouble... I think the 
fact that I'd outdamaged three of their team even though I'd spent half 
the kill backing away hoping the mob would follow me might have made 
some impression... it did on me anyway, what a rush!

Long day, lots more configurations I'm not recalling at the moment. 
Towards the end of the day, the enchanter died in some debacle involving 
a train (there were lots of these thru the day, many of which we 
derailed and happily slaughtered, glad to not have to bother pulling... 
and some of which we zoned out from as adds on top of our already almost 
in over our heads pulls).  At this point a bard in the group was 
planning to bring in a high level character to PL us, choice between 56 
druid and 65 cleric.  To me and most of the group a no brainer; big DS 
and regen, versus heals and mere HP/AC buff?  But he was on about how he 
had clicky 9 point DS plus 34 point reverse damage shield, while the 
druid just has 24 point DS.  When the enchanter died I caved in and told 
him to bring the cleric... thus getting the other PL advantage the 
cleric has, which is a 96% rez for the chanter.  As I suspected, for 
most of the mobs we fought during this PL session, I had only the 9 
point DS.  Yes, in a few cases the total 41 DS was there... but that 
reverse DS is expensive to keep using on mobs that keep dying fast. 
After a while, I suddenly started seeing a 9 point plus 15 point DS.. 
thats 24 DS total; he'd switched to the smaller reverse DS, coming in at 
the same total as his druid would have supplied!  Even that got on no 
more than a quarter of the mobs.  Druid DS goes on the group instead of 
the targets, lasts a long time instead of just the life span of the mob, 
doesn't have to be cast during combat (although cleric could have pulled 
with it).  Oh well, any PLing is a gift of sorts and there's no need to 
look a gift drogmar in the mouth.

One nice thing about that end of the session PL; we finally took down 
the Dark Huntress.  Cleric kept her rooted while we took down about 5 
adds, got trained and took down 6 more adds, then we took her out, with 
I'd say half the damage coming from the DS, and very substantial healing 
mana flow from the cleric.  Dropped nothing, but having been chased out 
of zone repeatedly, even with a couple high level alts standing behind 
us pushing, it was nice to do.  On previous attempts I was unable to get 
anyone to DS me, the principle difference in this attempt was, IMO, the 
41 points worth of DS; we weren't hitting her nearly as much as she was 
hurting herself hitting me.

Well, I got from early 26 to early 29, more importantly chanter did the 
same, clarity level at last.  And as a bonus, I'm sitting there with 
some pretty nice buffs on, ready to go in and wreak havoc solo if it 
comes to that when I log back in.

Grage, 29 Berserk, Luclin










