From -4118337524192571999
X-Google-Thread: fb739,83c5fad235e61867,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 29 Jul 2004 22:35:15 -0500
Date: Thu, 29 Jul 2004 23:35:12 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Grage goes Planar
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <k8CdnRMrXs5uXJTcRVn-og@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 119
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.105
X-Trace: sv3-0KatQFUnBPNlhBbBW2rpXPdMNAmC2su2HFRBqRNIDOzeVLdnPrCMHuGdG+O43MYIfHwS57YykjUn/0C!/NbIJCYL/MszFXPpqvRSXLIDRHEmllp2Dwc6o0bUt+/tx+IKDA82P4D7lrgXKUNkwicxDwt6YnAC
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.13
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11737

Hit 46 in a solo push in Dulak (the poor scouts just don't seem to 
learn, why they practically line up to be next to die), then took a hit 
off a mantle of stealth and ran off out the tunnel to the beach and 
accross to the lighthouse, into POK where I picked up a Virtue, then 
into POTranquility.

Went over to the windmill to see if the gnome there would work as a 
melee training target but of course you can't hit any mobs in POT, I 
must have missed something.  There's no gnome in POI at the zone line, 
only thing I can think is that the one they are talking about must be in 
deeper, like where you start the run to spawn Xanamech.  I'm not going 
to be able to casually dash over there to train my 2hb and 2hp skills 
thats for sure.

Well, enough of that, I run up the hillside over the rocks and click the 
scales, zone in to POJ.

LFG flag on, /ooc my LFG message, no response (no surprise, everyone in 
the zone is over 50), so I run down to the exit.  There's a small group 
there working on mobs, I watch for a while, then when I'm confident I 
won't be screwing anything up I test out my berzerk skills on what they 
are pulling; everything sticks, which is also no surprise since the mobs 
are DB to me.

Now I get an invite, which reminds me of the way my 7 year old gets so 
many more groups than I do, he just runs up to groups with his LFG flag 
on and hangs out looking hopeful.

So, joining in killing the mob they've pulled, I get a normal run of 
hits in, becoming more confident I can actually pull my weight more or less.

Then the puller brings in seven mobs at once, its utter pandemonium, I 
end up getting aggro off the 52 ranger and rapidly dying a horrible 
death, followed in quick succession, it appears, by most of the rest of 
the group.  A call from the puller to zone out would have avoided this, 
other than that there was little hope.

Normally I'd run back in and loot up either most or all of the body, 
depending on whether I thought a high level  rez was likely.  There's 
only one little problem.  I'm level 45 now and can't zone in there!

Despite a 54 cleric in the group, the ranger logs out and brings in his 
alt; this means clicky rez and fresh Virtue, which is handy. Rez redings 
me, so I still can't confirm the stories that say that a rez will bring 
you back in no matter how low level you get.

Well, half the group have left now, so its just me, ranger, cleric, 
chanter.  Doesn't phase them, in fact, they decide its time to go in 
deep, to the Captain.  I've never heard of this camp, but it turns out 
to be in a room in a far corner of the zone, so that my concerns about 
my low level aggroing adds are allayed.

On the way, I express concern that I might aggro, ranger misunderstands 
and says not to worry, he will hold aggro off me.  Which, to be honest, 
isn't always the case, berserk is apparantly a high aggro class, but he 
seems confident and does have 4 levels on me and -is- a ranger, with 
plenty of annoying abilities of his own.

In practice, this turns out to be true, while its a little dicey at 
first, the fact that he's pulling and that I make sure to give him time 
to set the mob up in position and hit it a few times means that I don't 
get aggro working normally, only time when I do get the mob to turn and 
hit me a few times is whenever I start working disarm into the mix. 
Even then, I need to double hit and triple frenzy right on top of each 
other, and ranger always takes the aggro back pretty fast.

Being able to melee, frenzy, and chain stuns while attacking from the 
rear arc is a treat, all too often I'm the MT, and when I'm not, its 
rare that I get to do all that to my full capabilities without taking 
aggro away from where its supposed to be.

This goes on for quite a while, we have a cycle going, getting so far 
before repops start.  Then suddenly something goes wrong, ranger later 
explains that he got stunned, spun around, and when it wore off he went 
into wrong room and got adds.  Anyway, he brings back 5 mobs including 
our high end target of the cycle, a Gaoler of Justice; the only red to 
me mob we've been killing.  Somehow this ends up with him a thin paste 
on the floor, but two mobs mezzed, one charmed and off tanking the 
fourth, and me on the Gaoler.

Its bad at first, I soak up some fast heals, and then slow lands; I've 
been stunning, and between stun and the slow the cleric is able to 
switch down to Cheal and save mana.  Chanter's pet eats the adds one at 
a time while I slowly chew down the Gaoler; its quite clear the ranger 
has been outdamaging me substantially, its taking four times as long for 
this guy to die in our current situation.  Then I run out of axes, 
switch to high priced ones, but soon run out of those too.  My damage 
taking rate goes up, I try to explain this quickly to the cleric, who 
doesn't get it and keeps trying to cheal me at her previous interval, 
then interrupting and tossing a fast heal instead.

Cleric OOM, chanter OOM, but 3 mobs down and chanter charmed mob on the 
target with me, I get down to 20% hp, back off and let the Gaoler eat 
the charmed pet while I make another stack of axes (its on its last legs 
already after killing the other three adds), come back in with another 
Cheal on me (cleric "really really OOM now") and manage this time with 
stuns to kill him off just as I get down to 10% hp.

What did I learn?

A) Exp is still pretty good in the planes, although Dulak may be better 
currently, you can't say it sucks.

B) (and I've learned this before and will doubtless backslide again in 
the future) Make lots of axes and keep refreshing the stacks, you never 
know when you are going to need a LOT

C) Seize any opportunity to back off and make axes if you run out, they 
make a big difference

D) Even at 46 its possible for a melee to contribute to a group in first 
tier planes; I'd seen the same thing with priest and caster classes (and 
with bard, which fits no category) but this was my first melee to planes 
levels

E) Love it when a plan comes apart and we still pull it out of the fire.

Grage, 47 Berserk, Luclin



