From -6454892151760269996
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,19d8f21b6e1e401c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-06 08:17:30 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.elcjn1.sdca.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Bat Child (Sue M.)" <batchild1@yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Wired magazine, 12/5/2001:  The Quest to end game addiction
Organization: Knights of Xemu
Reply-To: batchild1@home.com
Message-ID: <mb6v0ucv6jecvuipqun422pcuom015tavl@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 166
Date: Thu, 06 Dec 2001 16:17:25 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.177.37.138
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.elcjn1.sdca.home.com 1007655445 24.177.37.138 (Thu, 06 Dec 2001 08:17:25 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 06 Dec 2001 08:17:25 PST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:142914

Found at:

http://www.wired.com/news/holidays/0,1882,48479,00.html

====================

The Quest to End Game Addiction 
By Julia Scheeres 

2:00 a.m. Dec. 5, 2001 PST  
      
 With the holidays just around the corner, many people are relishing
the thought of relaxing at home, munching all manner of fatty sweets
and spending extra time with their ... computer games. 

Instead of slurping hot cocoa with loved ones, the gamers will be off
by themselves in darkened rooms, slaying monsters, conquering new
worlds and otherwise stroking their heroic alter egos. 

That behavior bothers a lot of people. It's not fun being jilted for a
computer game, especially during a season that's supposed to be about
human love, harmony and all those other warm and fuzzy notions. 

And while hard-core gamers insist their favorite activity is a
harmless pastime, their loved ones sometimes suspect that their hobby
has turned into something a little more compulsive, which raises the
question: Is there such a thing as gaming addiction or is the very
concept a crock of excrement? 

It depends on whom you ask. At one extreme, there are gamers who
threaten to "get medieval" if someone so much as suggests they step
away from their computer for a butt break. At the other extreme, there
are the neglected spouses, former gamers and a bevy of therapists
dedicated to treating game junkies. 

Some games are more reviled than others by the loved ones. EverQuest
-- or EverCrack as some people call it -- tops the list. Yahoo has two
clubs devoted to the sword-and-sorcery game where players slip into
the bodies of barbarians and erudites and chase each other around the
fantasy world of Norrath: Spouses Against EverQuest and EverQuest
Widows. 

The latter, which boasts over 1,000 members, has all the markings of a
virtual Al-Anon meeting. 

"Hi, I'm 19 years old and I have been an EQ widow for a year now. My
boyfriend plays at least 5 hours a day ..." reads the typical new
member introduction. 

The "EQ Wids" commiserate over tales of woe (one husband insisted on
playing the game in the delivery room while his wife gave birth) and
offer each other encouragement and company. 

"It's just a forum for people to help each other vent," said the group
moderator, Tony, who didn't want to reveal his last name. "A lot of
the members have come to the point where they've gotten on with their
lives. They don't sit at home watching the back of their spouse's head
anymore." 

Members also share tips on how to sabotage EverQuest by deleting
characters or blocking access to servers. As a result, the board is
regularly raided by angry gamers who warn the widows "not to fuck with
EQ." 

And then there's the business of EQ marriages. In addition to being
snubbed for a piece of software, many EQ widows fear getting snubbed
for a virtual lover. EverQuest characters frequently marry online and
sometimes the romance carries over into real life. 

"It's really destroyed a lot of marriages," said Tony, whose wife had
an affair with her make-believe husband. He allowed her to return home
for the sake of their three children. "I told her that if it happens
again, I'm not going to take her back." 

Some former players have gone online to preach the evils of gaming
themselves. 

Jeffrey Stark, a high-school student from Ontario, Canada, wrote an
impassioned essay in a self-help forum in which he charged that EQ had
ruined his life. 

When his not-too-tech-savvy parents threatened to unplug the machine,
he told them that doing so would destroy it (they believed him). He'd
go for a week without bathing or eating a proper meal. He finally
stopped going to school for a semester because he couldn't tear
himself away. 

"I dropped out of school for a semester and was feeling really low,"
he said. "My parents told me that if I continued to play games, I'd
become a garbage man. It was totally insulting." 

Stark eventually reached the highest EQ levels and sold three
characters on eBay for $4,500, he said. Now he advocates that parents
regulate their child's game playing at all times. 

 Reuben Logsdon, a software writer from Washington, played
Civilization for seven straight years after a college dorm friend gave
him the installation disks. At the time, the ability to create an
alternate world was a refreshing break from the routine of student
life. 

"For the first week, I didn't go to sleep," said Logsdon, who has also
posted his experience online. "It was worse than being on crank. I'd
always get a sinking feeling when I looked out the window and saw it
was dawn. I'd get angry at myself for being such a loser because the
game was controlling my life." 

Logsdon finally went cold turkey by smashing the disks, but finds it
harder to resist temptation now that he can simply download the game
from file-sharing sites such as Gnutella. 

Both men exhibited the classic signs of game junkies, according to the
criteria of Maressa Hecht Orzack, the director of the Computer
Addiction Studies Center. 

Symptoms of game addiction include falling behind in school and work
and basically deferring everything else in your life so you can play,
she said. Compulsive playing tends to mask underlying problems such as
depression, anger and low self-esteem, said Orzack, who said she was
once hooked on computer solitaire. 

"A lot of people get into these (games) because they're bored," she
said. "The excitement is so reinforcing. They get pleasure from it and
want to repeat it. That's how the addiction builds up." 

Her treatment program includes behavioral therapy, anti-depressants
and Zyban, a prescription drug used by smokers to kick the tobacco
habit. 

But for all the game naysayers, there are those who argue that games
are beneficial. 

Just ask Camilla Bennet, the Quake3World.com administrator and an avid
gamer from New Zealand. The computer saleswoman creates "skins" --
customized characters for computer games -- in her spare time, and
hopes to turn her passion into pay dirt. 

"I really want to get into game development," she said. "I've already
handed in my first production skin, something that may well lead to a
career." 

MIT's Games-To-Teach project studies how gaming technology can be
incorporated into education. 

The project's research manager, Kurt Squire, has found that games
sharpen players' critical thinking, improve their social skills and
increase their empathy (by choosing the opposite sex for their
character's gender). 

"The notion that games are powerful enough to ruin someone's life is
just ridiculous," said Squire. "The main concern people have is that
technology is overpowering people and making them helpless. That's
happened with every new medium that has come along -- even books were
once regarded with suspicion." 

In the final analysis, almost anything can be called an addiction if
it routinely interrupts life's basic components, including school,
work and relationships, he said. The important thing is balance. So
align your chakras -- and remember, it's just a game. 


==================== 
 

http://members.home.net/batchild1
http://members.home.net/scorseseinfo


