From 731402622618272514
X-Google-Thread: fb739,87e1e84b24613ea5
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!news.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 23 Nov 2004 07:30:37 -0600
From: Seeq Endestroi <seeq@tcsys.nospam.co.uk>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Manaetic Behemoth
Date: Tue, 23 Nov 2004 07:30:33 -0600
Sender: Seeq Endestroi
Reply-To: Seeq Endestroi <seeq@tcsys.nospam.co.uk>
Message-ID: <tje6q0p7pnerln6ooql2mq0gual8hpvblq@4ax.com>
References: <formp0ht16hk8o4vsq46822cbjth3dpjuf@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 2.0/32.652
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 108
X-Trace: sv3-CpOgsUnoWf+qtOs9Ti4onbHakGTC3o/Dq9+OgexMY7NBpP/NjET/QFCG3AAuSPTYA1zBQ1R4RRz52fZ!00eot7knaHUzJzHlw3kUZaYfCVoi5lb1+IDt31NAxgldRYKCIQ7EbGKXjuKxjVm1Wbu5Ybs=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.20
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:24680

Updated, saving for posterity via GOOGLE NEWS ;->

---------

Manaetic Behemoth Strategy Guide 
Seeq, The Rathe 
Nov 2004 

This event requires a nice, chunky tank, many mezzers and a lot of DPS. You'll need
something like 36-42 (or more) PCs at an average level of 64 to successfully complete the
script. Don't even attempt this event unless you can bring 4 or more strong mezzers to the
party. 

Before the event, all raid members should speak with Giwin Mirakon, on the PoI factory
floor. They will receive a character flag for their troubles. 

Fight through to the hallway outside MB's room. Once you're there, the only thing around
will be some speedy little spiders (Power Carriers). Don't waste any time on them just
yet. They aren't KOS and they aren't social. 

IMPORTANT!! WHEN THE SPIDERS REACH MB, EACH DETONATES WITH A 4K AoE DD THAT BLANKETS THE
ENTIRE ROOM. This occurs 24/7/365, raid or no raid. Watch yourselves and do not enter MBs
room for any reason until - and if - you are told to do so. 

Designate 4 spider groups, and assign one to each corner of the hallway surrounding MB's
room. Each spider group needs to include a mezzer (perhaps 2 is better) and a healer. It
is best if the mezzers can spam AoE mezz the spider spawns for 10 solid minutes. Also:
design each spider group as you would a self-sufficient XP group. A spider group has to be
able to maintain its corner without any outside assistance. 

The ranged-DPS and healer lines should group tightly, just outside the door to MB's room.
They will never enter the room, but will cast through the door and/or walls.  Stay back
against the far wall of the hallway - MB's AoE spells can sometimes reach outside the
room.

The MT should be pre-positioned at the door to MB's room. 

Melee classes should stand to the side of the door, out of the way of the casters and
healers. 

At the RL's signal, the spider groups should start attacking their targets. A good spider
group will be able to rend their level 45-ish targets in under 20 seconds. NONE MUST PASS.
ALL MUST DIE. The intent here is to completely stop the flow of spiders into MB's room,
and keep it that way until MB has been slain and looted, and further until the resultant
quest Gnome has been FD-pulled outside of MB's room. Gotta keep those 4k AoE DDs under
control, at all costs! This is where the extra mezzers in the spider groups really pay
off. Stay frosty! Once the main attack begins, the spider groups cannot afford to let even
one of those things get by or the raid will wipe, nine out of ten times. 

It makes for a long night for the spider groups. This is not so much a "kill the MB" raid
as it is a "manage the damn spiders" raid. ;-> 

After a few minutes, MB will wake up in a bad mood (become targetable), because of the
interruption in the spider conga line. 

The MT can now engage MB. MB casts spells that include force-push, so it is best if the MT
positions himself against a wall. 

Make sure that the healers can see the MT through the door. Hold the door open as
necessary. 

Sending a Bard in alongside the MT can be discouraging, because MB casts an AoE Silence
spell that interferes with Bard songs. 

The healers should use blast heals and AoE heals, as opposed to a big heal chain, because
the typical fight against MB doesn't last long enough to get a heal chain up to speed. 

After the MT beats MB down to 95% health, all of the MB ranged-DPS and melee should
"killswitch-engage," and take that clown down really really fast. The faster you drop MB,
the faster you can stop worrying about all those damn spiders. 

At this point, all of the DPS classes in the spider groups should bum-rush into MB's room,
into battle alongside the main raid force. CASTER PET CLASSES MUST BE VERY VERY CAREFUL
NOT TO AGGRO MB TO THE CASTER AND HEALER LINES. Did I mention that MB summons? 

HERE'S THE VERY IMPORTANT PART!!! The mezzers in the hallway corners must do whatever it
takes to keep all of the spawns frozen in place. This sounds easy, but is truthfully quite
challenging even for very experienced players. The mezzers' ability to stay focused on
their task is what makes or breaks the raid. If just one spider gets into the room and
pops, his 4k AoE will stack with whatever crap MB is slinging about and BOOM!!
t-t-t-that's all, folks. 

ALMOST AS IMPORTANT!!! After MB falls, the corner mezzers must remember to KEEP GOING!
Keep holding all spiders in place. Just a little longer, gang... 

Send an FD or mem blur puller into MBs room to publish the no-drop loot and collect any
droppable items. EVERYBODY WATCH FOR SNEAKY SPIDERS. 

Then the looter should attack and FD-pull the spawned Gnome back into the hallway, a
little away from the door for safety's sake, while the no-drop loot is assigned and
claimed. 

Once everyone is clear of MB's room...finally...the corner mezzers can rejoin the raid
party. /cheer mezzers 

Everybody can begin to swarm the Gnome as soon as he's pulled from MB's room, and hail him
for their Tactics flag. As many as 72 folks have to get through the script before he
depops, so work fast. You've got at least 15 minutes. 

Any spiders that break mezz during this time and foolishly aggro the raid party can be
dealt with accordingly. 

Back in PoK, everyone in the raid party should visit Gram Dunnar to get their free
I-Just-Got-a-Flag AA point. 

(FYI - MB is a 3.5 hour reset. So if you wipe you will have plenty of time for rezzes and
rebuffs. Also note that he is a 3-day respawn, so if someone barges in on your rotation it
may be awhile before you can try again.)


