From -6471032112102772742
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a3b7192f1edb81dd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.insightbb.com!news.insightbb.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 16 Aug 2006 22:08:56 -0500
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Start over?
From: Richard Carpenter <rumbledor@hotspamsuxmail.com>
Message-ID: <Xns9821EB7D846A0rumbledorhotmailcom@216.196.97.142>
User-Agent: Xnews/5.04.25
Date: Wed, 16 Aug 2006 22:08:56 -0500
Lines: 114
NNTP-Posting-Host: 74.133.39.86
X-Trace: sv3-2fZuTMIx+vztwOUesjsYp4G2L7ZnlhsvdFzi3bLfnfMA5hgRQIm79m139yOfZGu69bGl7cyb5/hJM9N!XRghAC4+zdOfsUckKtXTq0KYE6ctdabcHJXC/01OeTawuhwzUjzDBm4dsPz5nUIruexCcxhczrln!gBdeC4VNogtACKThtaaAow==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@insightbb.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@insightbb.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3556

My main is a 59 bard on FV. I've really enjoyed the class over the years, 
but I kind of ran into a wall in the past year or so. The first guild I 
was in basically out-levelled me when I took a break for six months or 
so, so I set out to play catch-up. I was in my low-40's and they were all 
60-65 at the time. Trouble was, the best xp I could find was soloing, and 
that just totally burned me out after a while. I ended up rolling alts on 
another server just for something different. Even still, I managed to 
make it almost to 50 before I grew tired of the grind.

Eventually, as will inevitably happen, the songs of adventure began 
ringing in my ears once more, so I returned to my main with renewed 
enthusiasm. I was still facing some catching up, but at least I was 
approaching a level at which I could begin to participate in raids with 
the rest of my guild. It wouldn't be long before I was back in the fold, 
so to speak. My guild was comprised of a bunch of great folks who were 
happy to have me back, however, now they were mostly 65-70's with a 
bazillion AA's. 

Sure, as I worked my way through my low/mid-50's, I could hang out with 
them on raids, but I wasn't much use to them in normal groups - not to 
mention the fact that when grouping with them, my xp slowed to a trickle. 
I wasn't gonna catch up any time soon that way. Also, even on raids, what 
with high-end itemization and class ability scaling, my bardic 
contributions were slight at best. I was basically an over-haste and mana 
song bot. While I'm sure a more knowledgeable bard might have found more 
ways to be more useful in that situation, the fact remained that the 
level differences were still an issue. I once again found myself 
discouraged and went back to alts for a while.

Though I enjoy my alts, I still missed my bard. PoR was released, and I 
thought, what the heck. I logged my bard again. I noticed that I had been 
disbanded from my guild for inactivity - something I completely expected. 
Then it occurred to me that maybe that was a good thing. Perhaps I should 
look for a guild that wasn't so far along the progression path. Off to 
the guild lobby I went to post a want ad.

I was pleasantly surprised to receive a couple of /tells within an hour 
from officers of two different guilds, expressing interest in my joining 
them. One was a fairly small guild, which was a bit of a concern, as with 
server populations dwindling these days...well, you do the math. The 
other looked interesting. Family-style, large member base and they needed 
bards. Nice. They also had their share of 70's, but their roster appeared 
to be deep enough, with characters of many different level ranges, so I 
decided to give them a try. They are all friendly enough (I am still 
tagged), but I quickly realized that most of the lower level characters 
either didn't get much play or were inactive. I think I've only been able 
to get a group with guildmates like once or twice in the couople of 
months I've been active with them. I usually end up swarm kiting with my 
/LFG flag up. This didn't last too long, however, as the devastation 
changes borked swarming for a while. I wasn't left with much to do, so 
back to my alts I went for a couple of months.

Fast forward to the last few days. I recently logged my bard again, 
actually just planning see if swarm kiting had been fixed and perhaps 
putter around with some baking. I was happy to see that swarming was back 
to normal, and decided that I would at least try and hit 60. I hit 59 a 
few nights ago. Always nice to hear that ding. Then, lo and behold, last 
night I got a response to my /LFG flag asking if I wanted to join a group 
in Veksar.

"Heck yeah!" I said, only to then realize that I hadn't really grouped 
much at all in several months. Therefore, I added, "However, you should 
know that I just recently returned to this character, and, as such, am a 
bit rusty." So I sugar coated it a bit. The fact was, had I not set up 
seperate spell lists for things like soloing, small grouping, full 
grouping, raid, etc. some time in the past, I'd probably still be 
flipping through my songbook today, wondering what I should be playing 
for the group. Then there was the fact that my perpetually newb self 
couldn't even remember where Veksar was. Good grief. 

Finally, I found my way there and joined the group, having been met at 
the zoneline and led to the camp near the golems. Someone asked who would 
be pulling. I said I would rather defer to someone else, perhaps the 
monk, as I had never even been in this zone before (not to mention the 
fact that I was terribly rusty). There was mild surprise and curious 
stares, but we proceeded with the monk chain-pulling, killing non-stop. 
When the monk left, I volunteered to take up the pulling duties, as I had 
begun to get back into the swing of things at that point. We continued 
killing at a very steady clip. I even remembered at some point to trigger 
my Lesson of the Devoted for some double xp goodness. As the night ended, 
I had made it halfway through 59 and was feeling pretty good. On a side 
note, Veksar is a hot spot for 60+, not 55-60, right? That would mean it 
will only get better for me when I hit 60, though the mobs are already DB 
to me for the most part.

HOWEVER (yes, I'm finally getting to my point), as I mentioned, this has 
not been my typical experience. Though I will indeed look for a couple of 
the folks in that group again, I have little reason to believe that, 
outside of them, I won't be facing the same scenario of endless /LFG 
sessions in the future. I've been toying with some characters on the 
progression servers, considering rolling up a bard and starting over on a 
more level playing field - where bards still make a big difference in 
groups and raids - but I'm naturally very hesitant to just give up the 
nearly 60 levels I've already obtained. The economy on the progression 
servers is very healthy, while that of FV is pretty hosed, with more low 
level twinks running around with high-end gear than you can shake a stick 
at, but I do think I'm finally getting to the point where upgrades for me 
will start to become more powerful, nodrop stuff, or stuff I really can't 
afford to buy in the Bazaar.

The problem is that I'm beginning to feel I'm too far behind the curve on 
FV. I'm wondering if I would be better off continuing to grind any way I 
can there or just starting over on The Combine, where bards are still 
highly useful, and itemization is compelling at all levels.

Thanks for reading this all the way through. No, you'll never get that x-
minutes of your life back, but I'd be quite interested in hearing your 
own thoughts on the matter - if you can make any sense of my ramblings, 
that is. ;)

-- 
Richard Carpenter
"Write something worth reading, or do something worth writing."
                                       -- Benjamin Franklin


