From -407984566594439734
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2a9db6ec3a34a604,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-04-16 18:05:11 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.news.rcn.net!rcn!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.104.MISMATCH!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3E9DE28D.F2E3FB27@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: A tale of two bards
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 105
Date: Wed, 16 Apr 2003 23:10:53 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.233.142
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1050534653 66.109.233.142 (Wed, 16 Apr 2003 19:10:53 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 16 Apr 2003 19:10:53 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:277472

I'm happily soloing along on flies in POD when some people come
up looking for the spot.  Always happy to group (figuring I
-might- not have to run in circles constantly) I team up with
them.

Warrior, Enchanter, and another Bard.

Bard's plan is to pull, keep aggro, and have warrior and me chase
and kill.  Hate Kite, I've been the "bait" on this but never one
of the "beaters".  Frankly it doesn't work all that well, and I'm
certainly not good at it, I'm out of range about 75% of the
time.  In a fear kite the mob runs pretty straight, or the one or
two times I've been beater before it was with a druid as bait,
running in a straight line.  Bard, as bards will, is naturally
running in circles to keep the mob in the limited "no adds" area.

I'm pretty amazed, though, at his ability to hold aggro; I've
tried this as bait as a bard, and come to the conclusion that
bard songs are amazingly low aggro.  With a monk or rogue, I'm
ok, cause either can ditch aggro as needed... but a warrior, once
he takes aggro the only way I can get it back is to charm the mob
and break charm!  Something I'm missing here.

Well, I can't get him to tell me what he's singing exactly, but I
can see he's snaring and using what looks like one chant.  He's
level 60, so that is most likely Anstilich's Assonance... I don't
know what stacks with that and what doesn't.  Nor does he seem to
know anything about stacking at all.  I guess that it either
stacks with all (since no resist debuff component) or won't stack
with the magic based chant, so I mostly stand in the middle and
twist the other four chants.

He's using a Nostrolo's Tambourine.  I have a Walrus Skin I've
been thinking of upgrading from...  60 bard should be able to get
that easy with a half day's camp in SG with half a group of
friends.  Can't imagine still using the tamborine at 60, whats up
with that?  Heck, for 3 or 4Kpp its in the bazaar most times I
look (camping the elusive Selo's Drums of the March, which I
-can't- camp at 56)

Then he decides he wants to show his friends swarm kiting.  Has
me stand well back and sing invis, then goes and pulls an amazing
swarm.  20 mobs, mostly flies but three rats and a couple larvae
in there.  I never pull like that, perhaps I'm just a coward, but
I think of it as cheap; 19 mobs beating on one mob are going to
kill it before I can get an invis off... so all the exp (and loot
if any) will be lost!  What a waste... maybe some tricks I'm not
aware of?

So its going along OK, swarm on bard, and some of swarm on his
pets on and off, occaisionally we get some exp.  Suddenly half
the swarm turns and comes over and kills me.  Which is the other
reason I don't try that massive swarm thing; doing -four- mobs I
get hit from time to time, but that won't kill me; 10 mobs in POD
made very short work of my little level 55 HP total.

Well I pick myself back up, mem some songs, and come back in to
loot up.  Must have been something wrong with my invis, I'm
thinking, never seen it fail before since thats three ticks,
three chances to stick it again before it fades... but heck, you
can flip a coin three times and get heads all three times, too.
For ease of travel this time, with no SS boots for levitate, I've
gone with Selos' song of Travel instead of regular selos plus
clouding.  Bard complains that this is killing his SOW... and
then I'm dead again.

Now I figure it out; he's come in range of my song, so I get
counted as casting on him.  This gives me aggro even though I'm
invisible.  Next time they are wondering what to do, they go for
me!  The warrior and enchanter weren't doing anything, so even
when their invis broke they weren't all that high on the aggro
list.

After a really really long time, we manage to clean up the entire
swarm, uncharmable mobs and all.  I really don't think we got any
more exp over time than we would have doing it in smaller chunks;
particularly because for quite a while three of us weren't doing
anything; this -might- be a faster way to bard solo, but not for
the foursome.

After this we did smaller pulls, I pulled some, he pulled some,
we did two pets on some and tried a few other plans.  I'm really
not sure what the enchanter was doing, no pet, just sucking up
exp as far as I can see save for hasting the warrior... but heck,
I'm no expert there she may have been working like a dog for all
I know.  Warrior sure was.

After a while, I figured out that my best move was not to stand
still in the center after all, but to autofollow the warrior and
twist in Replenishment as needed; aggro was mostly on the other
bard but sometimes the warrior had to take a beating for a bit,
and those mobs hit hard enough for that to add up.  At one point
he was down to 5% hp and still swinging, and I was trying to
chase him around to keep healsong on... hard work.  Follow worked
much much better.

Just some thoughts

Llyric
56 Vah Shir, Morell Thule







