From 8710808556910475358
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e0970b4493a66f45,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-18 05:56:23 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!west.cox.net!cox.net!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.comcast.com!news.comcast.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 18 Nov 2002 07:56:20 -0600
From: "Y2GradeA" <Revenant71@comcast.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Camping for the Glowing Black Stone is driving me INSANE!
Date: Mon, 18 Nov 2002 08:56:15 -0500
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <F8udna5Hqr0ZbEWgXTWcpg@comcast.com>
Lines: 131
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.47.227.243
X-Trace: sv3-RoH6JyEMVGNvnxb2++Rk7UbiU/L15+Diox+/C4E4JFcM69bCUyaaGgmACmmdFESxpP7SlBaKTrnh+Bz!vceK+AAjy+tskMoeaFVbp55MR0suJa6BR3IAkvXbNbHe8fik9m0jb8SLAHvilg==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:246358

Pardon me for the length of this, but I wanted to get my frustration out,
and thought people here, who have never attempted to kill a certain Gnome
Necro in a certain zone that I'd love to put a curse on that wipes all
beings (living AND undead) in it out for good might be interested.....

I posted this under the entry for `Pyzjn' at that Bestiary site linked to
Alakhazam:

I've been trying to camp for the GBS again.

Last week after I got a port to Surefall Glade from a Druid in my guild (to
go buy Cheese in Jaggedpine (I'm almost a Grandmaster Baker (skill is 187
right now)), I decided to camp the ruins for a while.

I about had a heart attack when Pyzjn walked up to the ruins while I was
medding after clearing out the skeletons. (This is about 1 or 2am game-time;
I've only been there since around 9pm) I send in my Earth pet and let him
take out both her and her wimp pet. No GBS. I medded up, went to Jaggedpine
and bought the cheese, went back to Surefall Glade, then Gated out to go
work on Baking and to check the Bazaar. (I don't like to Gate in Jaggedpine
unless absolutely necessary; It takes me longer to zone when Gating out of
it and most of the Luclin zones I've been to)

I try it again a couple of days (real-time days, not game-time) later. Tovax
walks up to the ruins, and I blast him to oblivion. Later that night, I
ended up with Vashoon instead of Pyzjn. Owned him easily in his human form,
then got owned when the Undying version popped. Got an interrupt while
casting, even though I wasn't hit and was completely still, then got hit
with Screaming Terror and Fear. I made it halfway to the Miller's campfire
before dying. I would have killed him if the spell hadn't interrupted, as my
Earth pet beating on him (before he killed it)and a couple of Blazes had him
down to about 1/4 life.

I also forgot to properly buff my pet, since I wasn't expecting Vashoon. Pet
has Burnout II only, no summoned weapons or Phantom Chain. I also forgot to
cast dmg shields on myself and the pet....

Unfortunately, I forgot to bind myself, so I had to go from the Nexus to PoK
to Qeynos to Qeynos Hills to recover my corpse. Vashoon the Undying isn't
around to get owned (I got a Malachite out of the bank before heading back
to summon another Earth Pet with and had Cinder Bolt memorized in place of
Malise).....the coward.

A few days later, I'm in the area again, having taken the Qeynos portal from
the Plane of Knowledge to go meet up with a Ranger in my guild to go hunt in
Jaggedpine. On a whim, I check the ruins, and about have a heart attack when
I notice Pyzjn just standing there, with no one beating on her!

I take out Pyzjn with one Blaze, and let my pet take hers out. Go to loot
her corpse, and....you guessed it: NO GBS!

Camped the ruins for two game-days last night. Pyzjn didn't pop either day.

Next time, I'm going to go sit down in the gully and blast away at undead
from there; maybe there's a better chance of her having the GBS on her if
she doesn't make it to the ruins....

If I could afford to buy a GBS, I would, but I've been camping in
Dawnshroud, where the loot sucks, and spending plat on Research and raising
my Baking skill.

I am sick of Qeynos Hills, and if I finally do get the GBS, no one will ever
be able to pay me enough to get me to go to that zone again!

I've probably invested between fifteen to seventeen real life hours in
camping for the Glowing Black Stone since I started playing EverQuest
(mostly with my Human Necro, who I deleted recently). Out of that time, I've
had Pyzjn pop a total of 4 times (yes, she only popped ONCE while camping
with my Necro), and no blasted GBS any of those times.

As far as I can tell, there is NO definitive guide to camping Pyzjn. I've
seen tons of information on how to camp Pyzjn posted here [edit: Meaning
that site and Everlore, NOT this newsgroup] and at a couple of other sites,
and as far as I can tell (from experimenting myself and from talking to
people I trust who have tried to camp for it in the past), they are ALL
crapola.

I'm on The Rathe. If you enter Qeynos Hills and see me (Zyrtryx
Conjureblade) in the zone, don't even bother asking if I'm camping for the
GBS, because the answer will be `No, I'm not camping for the GBS....I'm
going insane TRYING to get a blasted GBS!'

The GBS or a straight-jacket....I'm gettin' one or the other by Christmas!

-------------------------------------------------------------
Just posted in this message for the newsgroup:

Has anyone else become incredibly hateful and sick of a zone just because an
item you want real bad won't drop for you, even though you've invested
several hours killing the mob that drops it, and they just won't drop the
item? (This question doesn't apply to raids; them's a horse of a different
color)

I've had people tell me that they know the secret to getting Pyzjn to pop,
but I don't know if they're telling the truth or not. One told me he'd sell
the next GBS he gets to me at a significantly reduced price, because one of
my alts helped out one of his alts a while back. (We talked for a while
before realizing we had met before, using different characters), and the
other I think was blowing smoke because of a few `clues' he gave me.

Two things I've figured out on my own: Placeholders don't matter unless its
night-time (or close to it), and neither do the undead around the ruins when
it comes to Pyzjn popping (but they will attack her, so its still a good
idea to do them all in).

If there IS a key to getting her to pop, I won't give up until I figure it
out, kill her for the 12th time without a GBS dropping (I'm giving up for
good when that happens), or loot a Glowing Black Stone off her cold, dead
corpse.

I've heard of people getting the GBS on their first try (If you're one of
them, you're a lucky bastard) and some killing her dozens of times and never
getting it (You have my sympathies).

Forgot to mention.....once when in Qeynos Hills as my Ranger, someone was
offering to sell me a GBS for 250pp. He either forgot the price, or just
plain didn't know what it was worth. I set him straight, because I don't
believe of taking advantage of someone. Every time I've sat at the ruins
since then, I've been slapping myself silly inside for that.

Zyrtryx Conjureblade, lvl 35 High Elf Magician
Oakenthorn (surname Thunderbow, if I ever get him to 20), lvl 13 Halfling
Ranger
Briarthornn, lvl 11 Wood Elf Druid (who I may lvl to 20 just so I can use
him to camp for the GBS)
Frequently sitting at the Qeynos Hills ruins, foaming at the mouth, The
Rathe Server






