From 175415606198010952
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a0c4e15adf5a853b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-28 08:16:29 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <b055d601539336975fc492554cb10dba@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!in.100proofnews.com!in.100proofnews.com!pd7cy1no!shaw.ca!news3.optonline.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Tue, 28 Oct 2003 16:12:25 GMT
Lines: 83
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 5: The War of Fear
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:4749

While successfully holding back the minions of Unrest from invading all 
of the Faydark, the Healers United took many casualties. Seeing his 
friends fall to the minions of Cazic Thule sent Loral into a rage. He 
traveled back to his home of Felwithe, but the demons followed him, if 
only in his mind.

Then opportunity presented itself to strike back. A long time friend of 
Loral from his hunts in the lands of Kunark, Dinirose the Enchanter, 
sent word that they were amassing a force from the highest guilds in the 
land to counterattack Cazic Thule in his homeworld, the Plane of Fear.

Loral traveled to the dark swamps of the Feerott, where the rumored 
portal to Fear existed. After tracking a specter's roar through a wall 
in the mountain, Loral found the cave. The catacombs in the mountain 
almost did Loral in, as the specters scythe slashed at him while he ran 
aimlessly into the cave. Then around a corner like many hundreds before 
it, Loral faced the portal.

Dinirose and a black robed necromancer stood by the portal. Icebone 
skeletons surrounded the portal but left the party alone, as if inviting 
them to step inside the portal and greet Cazic Thule himself.

Loral's fear almost overtook him, but the images of his friends being 
cut down by Thule's minions started his heart afire again. He stepped up 
on the stairwell that lead to the portal and after whispering a last 
prayer to Tunare, he stepped inside.

The blood red sky burned Loral's eyes as he stepped out of the fiery 
portal. The land stretched in front of him, covered with horribly 
twisted trees and scorched earth. His small party had already traveled 
ahead of him, so he ran to catch up, but the vile denizens of this 
cursed place caught up with him first. The stinging cold of some white 
spider-like creature hit him like a crashing wave. Along with it came 
two red demons, who bit and clawed at him. Loral fell to his knees 
before their savagery. He was unprepared for such creatures and fell 
quickly. Blackness surrounded him.

It was not the beautiful face of Tunare that his eyes laid upon when he 
awoke, but that of Dinirose. A dwarven cleric had returned his soul to 
his body and he stood up once again, weakened and disoriented. The red 
sky was still above him, but now he felt a wetness falling on him from 
it. It seemed too warm and thick to simply be rain and he was horrified 
when he saw the blood streaming down his armor.

Apparently his companions had found the raiding party and had dragged 
his corpse along with them. The dwarven cleric called upon his own gods 
to restore Loral, and they began preparing for the small war against 
Cazic Thule's minions.

Vile creatures so unnatural they never would walk the earth of the prime 
material plane slashed and blasted at the war party. Minions of Thule 
that Loral had only heard about from Ciric, his mentor, or had seen in 
ancient tomes written back in the days the Ring of Scale ruled the 
Norrath. Some demons as small as goblins or fire beetles fought with the 
fury of giants or wurms. Mutated apes and towering ghouls all clawed 
against the earth in search of the blood of mortals. The giant squid 
headed Amygdalons, the elite guard of Cazic Thule offered the most 
resistance, blasting with poison clouds and cutting with viscous claws. 
They soon fell to the party, though, with limited casualties.

For days, the party traveled across the dark vile lands, slaying demons 
and hell-spawn with no mercy. Many priests from many gods traveled with 
them, and Loral had found himself spending more time blasting down the 
demon-kin than he did healing. Only occasionally would one of the vile 
creatures slay one of the warparty, but a quick prayer to Tunare would 
restore them to this world.

The holy war lasted two weeks, but finally it was apparent that they 
could not stay in this land forever and Cazic Thule himself was not to 
be found. Loral bade his friends goodbye and gated himself back to the 
lands of Kunark. While the walls of the ancient Iksar castle were far 
from the warmth of his bed in Felwithe, seeing a blue sky again was 
enough for Loral to realize what home really meant to him.


-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



