From -6114057096570276055
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,64cc3dd9959f4896
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-31 08:59:56 PST
From: "Tyas_MT" <tyas_mt@hotplonkmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <8PadnSbJO4YhMPfdRVn-hA@comcast.com>
Subject: Re: Account info
Date: Wed, 31 Mar 2004 10:59:27 -0600
Lines: 98
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <406af8f2@127.0.0.1>
Organization: Newsfeeds.com http://www.newsfeeds.com 100,000+ UNCENSORED Newsgroups.
X-Comments: This message was posted through <A href
X-Comments2: IMPORTANT: Newsfeed.com does not condone,
X-Report: Please report illegal or inappropriate use to
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!news-out2.spamkiller.net!text-east!not-for-mail
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26541


"Ben F." <mrben2@comcast.net> wrote in message
news:8PadnSbJO4YhMPfdRVn-hA@comcast.com...
> This is going to be the ultimate in "newbie" questions.  I have been
playing
<snip>
> TIA for this info.  I just don't want a big suprise headed my way.
> -- 
> Ben
1 account allows you to create up to 8 (iirc) characters on each server,
with the exception of Friona Vie( the 'role playing' server) and  Sullon Zek
(the Player vs. Player-Diety Teams server). On Friona, you may create only a
single character, and Sullon Zek allows 3, however they must all be on the
same team (Good, Neut, Evil). If there are any other special rules set
servers that have character restrictions they have been added since I
started playing.
There are, afaik, no restrictions on the total number of characters you may
make, except of course the total number of available servers.

There are 7 types of servers, just so you know:
1. Normal Ruleset: Nameless is one of these. So are the 'Newbie' servers.
The only thing that makes them Newbie is they are younger... have not been
in existence as long. There is little Player vs. Player combat on them
(mainly dueling and arena fighting) though there is a PvP switch you can
flip by turning in a book to the Priest of Discord. I'd recommend not doing
that, as you can't come back easily and it isolates you from the non-pvp
part of the population (which is 99.9% of the players.) If you want PvP, go
to a PvP server. Normal Ruleset servers are often refered to as 'Blue'
(citing the color of player names) or 'Carebear' servers, both are
considered derogatory.
2. Player vs. Player, Free-for-all (Rallos Zek): Similar to a normal ruleset
server, except that players within 6 levels or so of each other are free to
attack each other at will. Winning a PvP fight means you can loot the coins
and 1 item that is not nodrop from the loser. Winner gets no XP, loser loses
no XP. Note that while PvP combat is allowed, this does not recind the 'Play
nice policy' enforced across most of the game. Doing things to get people to
lose xp, corpse camping, etc, can and will get you in trouble there. Often
reffered to as a 'Red' server (Referring to the color of your name when you
turn in the Book of Discord on a Normal server), or as one of 'the Zeks',
due to the fact that all of the PvP server types are named after the various
Zek dieties in game. Notable as the only server that has actually defeated
'The Sleeper'.
3. PvP, Racial Teams: Vallon and Tallon Zek are similar to Rallos Zek,
however here the mayhem is comfined to outside your team. There are 4 teams,
and I'm not sure about a couple of the newer races so bear with me:
Humans:
Human, Erudite, Barbarian
Elves:
High Elves, Wood Elves, Half Elves
The Small: (Fear the small!)
Halflings, Gnomes, Dwarves
The Dark:
Dark Elves, Trolls, Ogres, Iksar
iirc They stuck Vah Shir with the Humans, and Froggies perhaps with the
elves?
Similar to Rallos Zek, except that you may only loot coin from your target.
Vallon and Tallon have different comunities, with Vallon having a (mostly)
three way aliance against The Dark, and Tallon famous for its bitter
Elf-Small war, repressed only to surpress The Dark.
4. PvP, Diety Teams: Sullon Zek, 3 chars, all characters must pick a diety.
Most of the gloves are off here. If you are good you cannot group with evil,
and vice versa. Neutrals can group with either.  It can be very dangerous
being some race-diety combination (Neutral Dark Elves are fair game for the
massivly more numerous evil dark elves). You can engage in PvP combat
against anyone over level 6. Yes a level 65 can camp your level 10 corpse.
Not a nice place for beginners. There are a lot of special rules here... I'd
recommend digging around on eqlive for more info.
5. Role Playing Preferred (Friona Vie): A game server with a ruleset to
encourage a more 'in character' in game interaction between players. Only
one character, no /ooc, there is no 'common' tounge everyone starts with,
etc..
6. Test Server: 95% of the time 'Test' is a normal ruleset server, but there
are no warrenties, express or implied, playing here. Support staff is few
and far between. This is where you can be on the edge of game devlopment,
helping the devs to improve the world of Norrath, fighting the bugs and the
extreme balance changes introduced here first. But being on the edge means
you do get cut. When I played there regularly (been a while), I lost my
character for a month to a bug (logging him in didn't crash my computer, it
crashed the ZONE he was in...) and then after getting him back finally, (bug
fixed) Several months later lost all my gear to an equipment wipe. Such is
the danger of playing there. Special terminology: 'Proddies', people who
normally play on a production server that are either here just to test out
some new hyped feature (and begging and etc) or are here because there
server is down and they want to run rampent. A derogatory term.
7. Legends (Premium account server): The ultimate in Customer support, you
get to see things before everyone else (kind of test with less bugs and much
better support), you can move a character from any server to here. Gear
exists on Legends better than any we will ever see on the normal servers,
etc...
Legends however comes with a price. IIRC it's $50.00 per month. Though, as
an afterthought, that also gives you their complete pass account (whatever
it is called) allowing you to play Planetside, the Station Pass games,
EQ-OA, and any other non-licensed game they come out with (Star Wars
Galaxies is exempted from the deal, but EQ2 won't be), as long as you go buy
the box to get a code to activate the game.





----== Posted via Newsfeed.Com - Unlimited-Uncensored-Secure Usenet News==----
http://www.newsfeed.com The #1 Newsgroup Service in the World! >100,000 Newsgroups
---= 19 East/West-Coast Specialized Servers - Total Privacy via Encryption =---


