From 469607003627247955
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bb040d9d53297808,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mobhunter Article:  The No-Patch Day News Roundup
Date: 10 Apr 2005 16:34:07 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 120
Message-ID: <1113176047.255717.238610@z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 69.140.70.205
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1113176064 4374 127.0.0.1 (10 Apr 2005 23:34:24 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 10 Apr 2005 23:34:24 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com; posting-host=69.140.70.205;
   posting-account=WDcinhMAAADcvkKBmXXfehYblo0NN7Cr_KfkHiVTV22R7IgxdvF6Yg
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:34520

The No-Patch Day News Roundup

by Loral on April 06, 2005

I had hoped to post an article shortly after the latest patch would
stream across our servers but a delay until next week forces my fingers
to the keyboard a little early. There's been quite a bit of large news
most of which we have already discussed at length. So today, we will
see where all of these big changes stand.

A week ago, SOE announced the official dates for server mergers across
all servers. Both my girlfriend and my friend, editor, and
grandmaster-diaper-changer believed I was pulling their leg when I told
them about SOE's announcement that all servers will be merging into
half the number.

I was surprised to see the sudden announcement for all servers, but it
makes sense. I always felt that the
rip-off-the-bandaid-fast-so-it-hurts-all-at-once approach is a good one
for something like this.

I would be lying if I said I read the 1400 posts about server mergers
after the announcement of this topic, but a brief glance brings up a
few common thoughts. 1. Servers are merging so Everquest is dead. 2.
Servers are merging and we're losing our identity. 3. Servers are
merging so how will I get my ph4t T1me l3wt.

Merging servers don't show the death throes of Everquest. A lack of new
content, new expansions, or a lack of attention by SOE would show those
death throes. The merging of the servers itself shows SOE's continued
support to keep Everquest healthy. As long as new expansions come out,
as long as new patches fix bugs and add features, as long as every
class argues that they are the slapped-in-face red-headed step child of
Everquest, the game is alive and well.

Identity is an important point in these mergers, however. I, myself,
could not exactly say how I would feel if my server name were lost. It
would be a pain to change my signatures and web sites all over the web
from Quellious to Rodcet Nife, that's for sure. Server identity is
important, though the real spirit is held within each member of that
server. That isn't going away. I am reminded of flag-burning debates
when I read about this. Is the symbol of the server name more important
than the community it represents?

SOE clearly stated a couple of times that server mergers were based on
active population, though many wanted a variety of other solutions to
decide including the age of the server, the power of one god over
another (Veeshan could kick Luclin's a55!!), and even barbaric duels in
the arena. It was bad enough that I depended on uberguilds to open up
the Nest, much less decide the fate of my server. Total population
makes the most sense.

So what about Ph4t T1me l3wt? One solution brought up at the Summit a
year ago, is to instance Time. I don't support this solution. The rate
of dropping equipment in Time is based on a non-instanced zone, not an
instanced one. Instancing Time would make it a tighter knot in the
center of equipment progression.

Offering Time level loot in other areas, areas huntable by non-Time
equipped hunters, solves this problem. For example, a second tier of
loot on the Dragons of Norrath mission vendors with increased
hitpoints, mana, foci, skill increases, and higher damage weapons,
helps remove Time as a single dependency for equipment progression.

Such a solution helps raiders who wish to gear up but don't want to go
back five expansions to do so; it helps close the huge power gap
between single-group hunters and raiders; and it helps offer multiple
paths for raid progression for up-and-coming guilds. It will remove the
single required dependency on Time for progression both for raiders and
single group hunters wishing to reach places such as Riftseekers, the
MPG trials, and The Nest.

Needless to say, the topic of server mergers brought up thousands of
conversations but if anything, the huge amount of activity shows that
players care a great deal for such a big move.

Next week, SOE will release the first wave of class re-envisioning
changes. A quick glance over to Lucy shows the details of many changes
to a lot of spells, mostly in direct damage spells. Many classes will
see an increase in overall damage to mana ratios if not a direct
increase in damage per second values. Clerics, for example, saw a nice
boost in magic blasters and a bigger boost to undead blasters. Now if I
could only find some undead to blast.

Shaman picked up their pitchforks and torches in another wave of angst
against a change that added a 30 second recast time to their new DON
proc buff spell. Supposedly, the change helped prevent a single shaman
from adding significantly to the overall damage of a raiding force, but
with a one minute duration and a high mana cost, I don't know how big a
threat this really was. In the mean time, adding a 30 second recast
hurts its use in a group. The latest postings from Rytan on this topic
offer a few possible alternatives including a group version of the
spell or a version with a lower damage proc rate. The group version
makes the most sense to me.

There's a lot of other interesting changes in next week's patch
mentioned in the Test server patch message. It looks like we'll see
some new Dragons of Norrath missions. New hotspots were announced,
although they look strangely like the existing hotspots if my fading
memory serves. Dragons missions will have their crystal rewards fixed -
I'm betting the Gimblax mission will be worth about 10 crystals now.
That poor goblin needed a vacation. There's a bunch of other smaller
changes as well; it should be a nice patch.

On Thursday evening, John Smedley posted a letter on the state of all
of SOE's games. He mentions that Alan Crosby, our own Brenlo, was
promoted to Director of Community Relations. Looks like Moorgard got a
new boss!

SOE will host the next Everquest Fan Faire on June 9th to June 12th.
Again, I will re-envision the Loral Evil Agenda, decide what areas I
feel SOE needs to concentrate on, and bully for it among the other
summit representatives doing the same. I expect we will hear about the
next Everquest expansion before this Fan Faire so there will be a lot
to see. Now where did I leave my spock ears?

Loral Ciriclight
6 April 2005
loral@loralciriclight.com



