From 5571371424428324802
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,eb860cb0655e87e0
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-24 09:25:13 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!sunqbc.risq.qc.ca!wesley.videotron.net!news.stealth.net!nntp1.savvis.net!newsfeed.slurp.net!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3BAF5E5E.CC65256D@serv.net>
From: Gregory Gadow <techbear@serv.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.78 [en] (Windows NT 5.0; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Newbie Druid Questions
References: <3BAF40DF.4792E350@Rochester.rr.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Organization: Ye 'Ol Disorganized NNTPCache groupie
Cache-Post-Path: dns2.serv.net!unknown@gonzalo.kms.com
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.4.0b2 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
Lines: 194
Date: Mon, 24 Sep 2001 09:25:02 -0700
NNTP-Posting-Host: 199.201.191.2
X-Trace: newsfeed.slurp.net 1001348708 199.201.191.2 (Mon, 24 Sep 2001 11:25:08 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 24 Sep 2001 11:25:08 CDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:120556

VJF wrote:

> My first char. was a monk and now im trying a druid and i have a few
> questions for all you EQ geniuses.  You always answer my questions and i
> am very much appreciative.
>
> I am currently Lev 10 and just made the move from Rivervale to Qeynose
> for my 11-15 time.
>
> 1.  Are there quests for druids near qeynos that can get me armor?

Given that Rosewhite (halfling druid) and all my alts are on Xev and not
Cazic-Thule, I can't help you. But I CAN give you some advice.

At level 10, you are high enough to go Blackburrow safely. Head to Halas and
bind there; the tundra in Everfrost is good experience for you. On your way
through the mountains between the tundra and Halas, kill every wolf you
find. Keep hold of the ruined skins (you want the gray ones, not the off
white) and make your own patchwork armor (one of the ladies in the cave
outside Halas sells large sewing kits and patterns; combine a ruined wolf
skin and a pattern to make patchwork armor, a decent -- and almost free --
druid wearable armor.) If you keep up with the tailoring, you can make
better and better leather (ie druid wearable) armor as your skills advance;
eventually you can make imbued Vale, a great leather that gives added wisdom
and stamina in every piece. (My druid has been able to finance her pet
enchanter in jewelry making through electrum and has started two smiths.)
Tailoring info can be found at http://www.lokari.org and
http://www.eqtraders.com

> Anything like the headband quests for a monk?

As a halfing druid, there are two Rivervale quests you will want to do
before too long: the Leatherfoot Raiders Cap (7 AC, 5 STR, 5 AGI, 10 CHA, 5
v Magic, one charge Ring of Commons; halfling only) and the Acolyte's Anklet
(foot item, 3 AC, 2 AGI, 2 WIS, 3 CHA; cleric, druid; dwarf, gnome,
halfling.) You can look these quests up at http://www.allakhazam.com. In the
Qeynos area, you can try for the Cloak of the Jaggedpine and the Jaggedpine
staff (Rosewhite has the staff) but they are VERY hard to get and nowhere
near worth the effort they take. Starting about 14 (with a group) or 20
(solo), you can start the Qeynos Badge quests, but they don't start getting
good until the 3rd one (which requires killing a necro that is still red to
a 31st level character)

> 2.  What gear should I be looking for at this lev and the next few levs?

You are low enough that AC should remain your first priority. Get a full set
of patchwork armor (as mentioned above.) You may want to start looking for
items that give extra wisdom as well, but you won't really see any
difference in the amount of mana you have for spells until you reach your
upper teens. Until you are about 15th, I would wearing a pair of silver jade
rings (1 AC, 5 mana, 5 HP which go for about 5pp to 7pp each.) and, if you
have the cash, a pair of electrum jade bracelets (2 AC, 10 mana, 10 HP for
about 15pp each.) You might see imbued plains pebble jewelry for sale pretty
cheap; I would advise against it until you are in your upper 20s. The
jewelry gives nice stamina and wisdom bonuses, but drops your strength, and
until your mid 20s you will be melee A LOT and the increased stamina (which
adds to your HP at higher levels) will not offset the longer it takes for
you to whack down the mob attacking you.

> 3.  What should I put my practice points into?  (1hb, spell casting,
> forage) I have put one  point into almost every category that applies to
> me.

My rule of thumb is that you should not spend points on something that can
be practiced during the course a characters day-to-day life. Weapon skills,
casting skills, special class abilities -- these should be used often enough
that you don't NEED to spend points to raise. Save them for now, with a few
exceptions.

When I start a character, I will put all five starting points in to what
ever weapon skill the character starts with, for survival sake. It is a
little late to do that with you :-)

When you chat with your trainer at level 1, you will see many abilities that
you will not get until latter (meditate at 8th for druids, for example, and
specializations at 30) YOU MUST PUT ONE POINT IN THESE SKILLS TO ACTIVATE
THEM! You will not get meditate or dodge or forage automatically; you must
"learn the basisc" first from a trainer.

There are some skills that, because of your class, can be very difficult to
raise. With druids, you might find divination to be a pain to raise; it is
one that druids use very little. However, a higher divination means that
your camo spells (pretty much the only divination a halfling druid needs)
will last longer and give you more warning before they fade. That could mean
the difference between life and death. Likewise weapon skills. Most druids
have the option of 1HB, 2HB and slashing. The druid epic weapon is a
scimitar, so that is the best skill, but fast, damage dealing scimitars are
expensive so most just stick with 1HB. You might want to spend points
occasionally to keep your slashing from getting to low.

> 4.  I have 21 spells now (did not buy them all, some sukd) and only 8
> spots for them.  Any hints on which spells are better to have hot keyed
> all the time?

First off, buy ALL the spells you can afford (although I admit, a halfing
does not need any of the summon light source spells.Buy the lowest one
anyway, for conjuration practice. You will thank me latter.) At 31, I am
still finding great uses for ones that I had neglected for 10 levels.

> 5.  Is my job a healing job  or  a fighting job in a group?

At 10th level, such distinctions are very blurry, as no class has really
reach a point of becoming defined. When Rosewhite was grouping at that
level, she was actually the puller: Harmony the camp (goblins in Misty, or
the Orcs in the Commonlands), snare a target and lead it to the group
standing far enough away to not aggro the camp when the mob was engaged. I
also used my mana to buff the melee characters: skin like wood, strength of
earth and shield of thistles. In the Qeynos area, this tactic will do you
well for the bandit camps in West Karana.

At your level, druids are decent primary healers and not bad in dishing out
melee damage, but as you get higher level, you will find yourself relegated
more to back up support: assisting the cleric to heal, assisting the
enchanter to crowd control, buffing the tanks, MAYBE a damage over time on
the mob, but otherwise standing out of the way. On a recent group to the
Crystal Caverns at level 29, that was all I did; my MAIN function, in truth,
was emergency evac (you will love your group port spells at 29, trust me.) I
was ordered to keep half a bar of mana at all times, just in case things got
ugly, and to otherwise sit down and shut up.

> 6.  Where is the closest place to train and buy spells?  Qeynos?, West
> Karana?, Surefall Glade?

There are only three druid guild halls in Norrath: Surefall Glade, Kelethin
and Rivervale. There is a druid trainer in Firiona Vie, on the continent of
Kunark, and most druid rings have merchants who sell various spells (I
believe the last druid spells you can buy off guild merchants are one or two
19th level spells, and some of the upper end ones from the merchant in FV;
most of the rest are bought off of merchants at the rings.)

> 7.  Where is the best place to get gear , buy it, get from quests, or
> get it off drops from creatures?

Many quests give very nice stuff: take for example the Acolyte's Anklet and
the Leatherfoot Raider's Cap. Mob dropped stuff is almost always better than
anything a merchant has in regular stock, as is player made stuff. Some
stuff is easy to buy and inexpensive, other things are very costly. There
really is no "best" place; it depends too much on what you are interested
in.

> 8.  Is a gnoll considered an animal? (Panic Animal, Sense
> Animal...etc..)

Gnolls are a monster, so those spells have no effect (Pity. I wouldn't mind
having a gnoll for a pet.) The best way to tell is to stand close by and
cast Sense Animal.

> 9.  I am a tailor also...errrr....trying to be one....i think my skill
> is at lev 20.  Where is the best place to get silk or webs easily?
> Everfrost? Karanas?

Everfrost is a tailors paradise, one of the best places to *ahem* shop for
supplies. Plenty of spiders and spiderlings, lots of wolves, and even cubs
that occasionally drop HQ skins (SAVE THEM!! When you are able to make
tailored backpacks, you will want to have a stack or two in the bank. DO NOT
be tempted to sell them if you want to be a tailor!)

> 10.  I am using  a 1hb stick thing and am curious on what weapon I
> should be looking for at the lev or soon.

As much as you can, alternate between 1HB and slashing (scimitar). Try to
keep both skills up. I don't know of any decent druid useable 2 HB weapons,
so I don't think there is any need to worry about that.

For now, a cracked staff (rare weapon drop off of level 1 mobs; decayed
skeletons is the best) is one of the best "free" weapon you are likely to
see for quite a while. Unless you have a sugar daddy or a much higher level
character who can twink the druid (and if you did, you would not be asking),
stick with what you can afford.

All weapons come with two stats: damage and delay. The measure of a "good"
weapon is to take the delay and divide it by the damage; the lower the
number, the more damage you will deal out over a measured amount of time.
Sometimes, a weapon with a lower damage will be better because it's delay is
significantly faster. That is why a cracked staff (5 dmg, 32 dly, 6.4 ratio)
is better than, say, a rusty mace (5 dmg, 40 dly, 7.6 ratio), a rusty
morningstar (6 dmg, 44 dly, 7.33 ratio), a rusty war hammer (4 dmg, 30 dly,
7.5 ratio) or a rusty scimitar (5 dmg, 35 dly, 7 ratio.)

Qeynos can be a difficult zone to buy stuff because it is off the beaten
path, but sometimes you can get lucky. Watch for fine steel weapons which
drop commonly off of mid level mobs and are occasionally auctioned for 10pp
or less (by comparison to the above, a fine steel scimitar is 5 dmg, 24 dly,
4.8 ratio, a fine steel morning star is 8 dmg, 38 dly, 4.75 ratio and a fine
steel war hammer is 6 dmg, 30 dly, 5 ratio.) That will see you well in to
your 20's.
--
Gregory Gadow
techbear@serv.net

We can not claim moral superiority against terrorism
if we, ourselves, become a terrorist nation.




