From 6412917460137281287
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ade5b14b486b7994,start
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,ade5b14b486b7994,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid100ff8,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-12!sn-xit-10!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg
Subject: Crafting in EQ2 - Very long post
Date: Sat, 16 Oct 2004 12:59:28 -0700
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10n2v7jho9tjl85@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 273
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:19495 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:19215

The crafting system. Wow, what a difference. People love it, people hate it, 
but there's no question about it, this is something different.

In EQ2 you have two distinct experience bars and levels, one for your 
Adventure level and one for your Artisan level. Both require experience and 
take about as long to level, so you can grind out level 10 Adventurer and 
remain a level 3 Artisan, or you can grind out level 10 Artisan and remain a 
level 3 Adventurer, they're completely independent.

Like the adventuring levels, artisans start off as a basic archetype and 
then choose a Class at level 10, and a further sub-class at level 20. At 
level 10 I chose Scholar and at level 19 I will today hit level 20 and have 
to decide which of the 3 subclasses within Scholar to take: Jewelcrafter, 
Alchemist (potions) or Sage (spells and combat arts). Probably Sage, but 
it's not a done deal, the choices are all intriguing. Alchemy isn't in the 
game yet, so I can't say how intriguing that choice actually is, but it's 
the one I was originally thinking of when I went Scholar since I'm a Shaman 
and Alchemy is in my blood, so to speak.

To make crafting even more like adventuring, the EQ2 team decided to make 
the crafting experience more like an encounter with mobs. You have to engage 
very explicitly with a crafting device (Workbench, Chemistry table, Loom, 
Engraving Desk, Forge, or Sawhorse). Once you start a combine working, you 
see a bewildering display of blue and green bars. The blue bar measures the 
progress of your particular combine and you are complete with the combine 
once the blue bar fills completely, so think of it as the progress bar. The 
green bar is the durability bar and basically represents the state of the 
object under creation, starting from a 100% durability, that decreases over 
time to 0%. The trick in any combine is to get the blue bar (progress) to 
complete before the green bar (quality) diminishes to 0 where you fail the 
combine. The higher the green bar remains, the bettter quality item you wind 
up making. The higher the quality item you make, the more experience you get 
for the combine and the greater stats and such for the final item. So it's a 
race to pump up the blue bar and beat that damned green bar.

But it's not as simple as watching the bars march. As you are progressing 
through the combine, you have "rounds" just like you'd have combat rounds. 
They last a few seconds and then a new round starts. At the beginning of 
each round the bars update, so you are constantly fighting a round-by-round 
battle between the blue and the green bar. But at the beginning of each 
round, there are random events which could occur. These events have explicit 
labels:  Wrong Ingredients, Mislabeled Ingredients, Daydreaming, Noisy 
Distraction, Bad Measurements, etc. When these events occur, you see a 
distinct icon representing those events and you have a few seconds (like 5 
or so) to respond. If you don't respond, something bad will happen. In the 
case of Daydreaming or Wrong Ingredients, you take major physical damage 
(50% of your current HP). In the case of others, bad things happen to your 
combine. This first result, the huge physical damage, is a HUGE source of 
controversy among crafters. I remember the day that this feature went in and 
there were crafters dying all over the tradeskill instances. It was ugly and 
bitter and although the noise has predictably died down a bit, people still 
hold tight to their sharp divided opinions on the topic.

"Why the #$%#$% do I DIE from crafting? What is this BULLSHIT about 
Daydreaming???????"

"Um, because a Forge is a dangerous machine and if you're not paying 
attention you can easily get hurt?"

"But how the #$%$#%$#% am I going to watch TV now while I craft??? Crafting 
is supposed to be for relaxing, after a hard day's battle"

"No thanks, bud, you can take that model back to EQ and go make your metal 
bits in a corner. I like being engaged by the system and giving it the full 
attention that I give my combat encounters."

And so on. Me, I love the new system and I'm happy to forgo my ability to 
watch TV while I craft lol.

Anyway, if you look in your Knowledge Book under Tradeskills, you'll see 
that you have a number of Tradeskill related abililties there. Some things 
called "Snap Out of It", and "Positive Backlash" and so on. Curiously, the 
icons for these match exactly the icons for the random bad events that 
occur. Well, that's a clue. When a bad event happens, say Daydreaming, you 
can simply hit the corresponding icon button called "Snap Out of It" and 
disarm the event. No damage. Thus you can avoid any of the penalties by 
simply paying attention. This has been roundly criticized as a clickfest 
game of matching icons and belittled as a cheap form of engagement, and I 
think the criticism has some appeal, but ultimately it's not very 
persuasive. Here's why. You have plenty of time to react, it's not a 
clickfest. I'm an old time gamer who has probably seen the better days of my 
reflexes behind me, but I have no trouble keeping up with the casual pace of 
reaction here. I see Wrong Ingredients. I click Positive Backlash. /shrug. 
In all of the 35 levels of Artisanship that I've obtained over the last two 
months, I have NEVER ONCE died from missing one of these events, despite all 
of the bitching and moaning about dying from crafting. I have died three 
times when I lagged and had no responsiveness on screen and couldn't respond 
to the events, but never from missing them when I had the chance to hit 
them. It's just not that hard. I will occasionally miss one and take damage, 
but that sure as hell wakes me up and assures that I don't miss the 2nd one. 
Regen times in EQ2 are so rapid that by the time another event hits you're 
likely to be almost fully healed anyway. I just don't see the complaint here

Secondly, when it comes right down to it, clicking icons to match events in 
crafting is not that different from combat. In combat, you have events that 
occur: an add joins the fight, or the monster attacks the Cleric, or 
whatever. What do you do? You use different abilities (Mez the add, hit the 
Taunt button). It's no different, you're playing an icon matching game 
there, too. Mob attacks Cleric, you hit the Taunt button. It's just a 
different kind of encounter, but it's still icon matching and it's just 
another encounter. That's exactly what the EQ2 team was trying to accomplish 
and they've done a great job with it.

If you like to craft while chatting endlessly or watching TV, this may not 
be the crafting system for you. But if you like to see your craftsmanship 
rewarded by the same kind of engaging systeam that combatants have always 
enjoyed, then this may be your system. Either way, it's something 
refreshingly different and I like it a lot.

So, what can you make? Tons of things. You get recipes for all the items 
that you can make and when you approach a crafting device, you can see what 
recipes you have for that device (metal working, wood working, cooking, 
spells you can make, jewelry, etc). You get recipes from two sources: the 
merchants sell a book for every level of artisanship ("artisan essentials 
3", "artisan essentials 4", etc) and there are rare books dropped by mobs in 
the game. Notice that this suggests some dependency on adventuring to reach 
the highest levels of crafting. Yes, and no. The Trader chat chat channels 
are a good source for obtaining dropped recipe books from adventurers who've 
looted them, and although some of the books are very required (artisan 
Refining volume 4 and artisan components 5/6) I've never experienced 
difficultly eventually obtaining them without having to go kill anything. 
As a Scholar 19 I now possess every dropped and purchased recipe book in the 
game for a Scholar, and I've had them as I've needed them all along the way.

Items that you craft are pretty good and often much better than the things 
you can buy or loot early in the game. I don't know if this will continue 
into the higher levels (20+ crafting has just recently been added), but it 
sure is true today. The jewelry that I crafted to grind my way through 
Scholar 10-19 offered great stats and got oohs and ahhs in the trading 
channels, which is nice. I have sold a ton of the stuff that I use to grind 
my levels, there's a lot less of the junk for vendors thing going on here. 
Still a lot of it, but less.  Another thing that's different from EQ is that 
there are lots of recipes for items that are actually profitable back to the 
NPCs. Personally, I think this is huge mistake and needs to be corrected so 
that nothing is profitable to NPCs. Otherwise the IGN drones will sit in 
Hong Kong and manufacture plat all day long, this really has to change. But 
for now, it's a good way for crafters to pay their way through the system 
while they're grinding.

All artisans can start making spell upgrades at level 6 and you can focus on 
this as a Scholar once you hit 10, and then exclusively on this as a Sage at 
level 20. This is the path I'm taking and I've found it to be hugely 
profitable and fun. I am NEVER short of business because EVERYONE in the 
game needs upgrades to all of their key abilities or spells, whether caster 
or melee. The upgrades are huge and everyone is constantly upgrading 
everything. As soon as I hang out my shingle with my macro in the Trader 
Channel, I am flooded with orders and it becomes a logistical challenge at 
that point to start managing my combines to trot them out as my customers 
arrive (they come to me) and force me to to amass my wealth. Prices were 
pretty set for a while so that a spell that cost me 6.20 to make I could 
routinely sell for 15, and during that time I was making huge amounts of 
money. With the recent addition of a broker and vendor system, the market is 
now subject to real price competition and I'm finding that I have to be more 
price competitive even with my old customers. So I'm selling those same 6.20 
upgrades now at around 8 to 9 silver. Huge drop, but I knew it wouldn't last 
once the market was available and it's Ok.

Quality is an interesting issue. As your blue progress bar progresses 
through the combine, that green bar is constantly dropping. There are 
certain click points, or threshholds that the green bar can pass through on 
its way down, and these represent the 3 or 4 different quality levels that 
an object can obtain during creation. If you can successfully complete a 
combine (i.e., finish the blue bar) BEFORE the green bar passes the first 
threshhold, then you wind up with an item described as "pristine". If not, 
and you manage the next threshhold, the quality level decreases further and 
you eventually get to the lowest quality level of "crude". So a "crude 
fashioned electrum bracelet" won't have the nice stats of a "pristine 
fashioned electrum bracelet", and you want to achieve that pristine if you 
can. This is a matter of multipe factors, one of which is the sheer random 
luck involved in the combine process as your blue bar races your green bar. 
But there are other factors that introduce skill and resourcefulness, and 
here is where the system turns into an actual "Crafting" system. Remember 
those tradeskill icons I mentioned that let you react to the random events 
that occur during crafting. Well, in addition to things like "Positive 
Backlash" or "Snap Out of It", there are things that can be described as 
crafting "buffs" that give you some kind of small edge in the process. So, 
for example, there's an ability called Simple Beveling, which will help you 
when youre woodworking. And there's an Exothermic Reaction for Chemistry, 
and so on. Some of these abilities have the effect of speeding up the blue 
bar, some will slow down the durability loss of the green bar, some will 
even have the effect of preventing some of the random failures that occur 
where durability takes a huge drop without any corresponding blue bar 
progress, and so on. The point is, you can use these abilities to tune your 
progress and give yourself a little edge in getting to pristine, if you're 
judicious in their use and smart about when and where to use specific ones. 
I say judicious because each one of these abilities has a cost. Usually 
Power, but sometimes even HP costs. If you sit there and just keep hitting 
them over and over again, you run the risk of running down your HP or Power 
to the point where one missed "DayDreaming" will kill you either because of 
the direct damage, or because you don't have the Power left to hit one of 
the reaction icons. Doh!

The other issue that controls quality is the quality of the ingredients that 
you use. In any recipe, there are usually 3 or 4 ingredients. It turns out 
that the quality of the FIRST item listed in the recipe controls the quality 
of the final combine. That is, you cannot achieve a higher level of quality 
with a combine than the quality level of the first item in the recipe. So if 
your recipe for a satchel calls for a piece of rawhide as the first item in 
the recipe, than in order to make a pristine satchel, you will need a 
pristine rawhide. You can buy mediocre quality matierals from the vendor, or 
you can make your own components from the many natural resources that spawn 
around the world (hides, roots, plants, rocks, etc). In this manner, you can 
apply yourself to collect and produce only the finest component materials 
and use them to produce the finest finished goods, giving you the 
competitive edge and making you an actual craftstman.

All in all, it's a great system that rewards attention, perserverance, 
resourcefulness and good marketing.

Things I don't like about it:

1) The best crafted objects require rare components that have to be mined 
from the world and they are EXTREMELY rare drops. For example, I need a 
rough coral or a silver cluster in order to make the highest upgrade 
possible for spells. I have only made maybe 10 of these in my entire career 
because the rares are so damned hard to find. Mining a rock for a rare is 
time consuming and pays off somewhere on the order of a 1-500 chance. What I 
wind up doing mostly is buying rares from lucky adventurers who've stumbled 
on them. This is good in the sense that it promotes dependence between the 
groups, but it's bad in the sense that fully of the recipes that I *could* 
make I cannot make because I don't have a rare, and the customers who come 
to me have never heard of rares. This is true of other professions than 
Scholar, Outfitters have the same issue.

2) No offline selling. This isn't really a complaint about the crafting 
system, i'ts more about the market system, but SOE has decided that you must 
be online to sell. Basically it's the Bazaar all over again except that 
instead of being in one place, you sell from your home. Everyone gets a home 
at the start of the game so that's not an issue, but it does mean that you 
will have to park your toon in your house and leave it there overnight just 
like you did in the Bazaar if you want to use that mechanism. No doubt this 
will increase sales of accounts as people buy 2nd accounts for bazaar mules, 
so it's not surprising that SOE went this route, but it's disappointing to 
those of us who would have preferred the UO vendor approach.

3) I haven't experienced much of this yet, but I understand that there is a 
lot of depedency coming my way. In other words, in order to complete a very 
high level item once I'm post-20, I will need items that can only be 
obtained from other craftstmen in other profressions. This kind of 
dependency sucks as it makes me useless unelss I can find someone else 
online who is willing to sell me what I need at a reasonable price. And then 
I'm also dependent on them for quality. Ugh. SOE says this enforces more 
interaction among the players but I think it's a cheap way of forcing 
interaction instead of incenting it through good design.

4) My chosen profession is spell making and currently, quality has no impact 
on the spells that I produce. That means that I don't have to pay attention 
to any of the crude vs. pristine things I was talking about above. So, I 
make crude inks and produce crude spells and everyone is just fine using 
them because a crude Lightning Burst, once scribed by the player, is exactly 
identical to any higher level Lightning Burst scroll. Jewelry, Armor, 
Weapons, all of these are directly and powerfully affected by quality levels 
(i.e., you want pristine), but not spells. On the one hand, this makes my 
job a lot easier, on the other hand it makes me less of a Crafter and puts 
me back in the category of metal bits.

Anyway, my long-windedness has gotten the best of me. Time to go play some 
more. If you haven't guess already , I love this crafting system. ;-)

-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Dwarven Mystic and Sage
Citizen of Qeynos

Elder Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie








