From 4785246231866325385
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cc7d0ad6fe48357
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-22 07:13:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: 26th Paladin Needs Hunting Grounds???
Date: Mon, 22 Oct 2001 10:13:02 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3BD4296E.A69704AD@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3bd41b98_1@corp.newsgroups.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 59
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:128336

Mechanic Falls wrote:
> I prefer solo to groups, though I am willing to do whatever it takes to get
> by.

A poor choice, which you may regret twenty levels from now, but hey!
It's all good. I'll still try to help.

> Was looking to get to Southern Plains of Karana. Currently standing at the
> Innothule Swamp (not a pretty place BTW). 

Watch it, shorty. That's my home town. ;-)

> As I looked at EQ Atlas, I'm
> thinking where the hell can I bind? The Arena I suppose. I will be KOS as a
> Dwarf Paladin in the ogre/troll/dark elf areas, right?

The closest bind spot for you when fighting in SK will either be the
arena or the NK gypsy camp. Personally, I think the NK gypsies is a
shorter run, but you have the possibility of repopping after dying right
in front of multiple mobs, up to and including HGs. Rathe Arena is, by
far, the safest bind spot in the game, and the run back to SK is pretty
safe at your level of 26.

As to the Ogre/Troll areas (Innothule and Ogguk) dont' worry much about
it. For the path you'll be taking, there isn't *much* for you to worry
about. These are the troll and ogre newbie zones. Most of the mobs won't
even aggro on you. When you leave the S. Ro zone line into Innothule,
turn right and follow the wall around. Stay out of the water where
possible and you'll come, eventually, to the little valley that leads to
the Feerott. Zone in, then follow the road. (If I haven't mentioned it
already, you should have maps of these zones from
http://www.eqatlas.com/ printed out already if  you don't.) When
following the road, just be careful to steer around the ogre huts (go to
the left through the trees) when you get near to Ogguk. Then, when you
come to the bridge, start keeping your eyes open. There is one single
Ogre Guard (a bouncer) who walks a patrol along the section of road just
past the bridge. Think his name is Hurd or somesuch. So long as you
dont' run into him, you'll be fine on this leg of the run to Rathe Mtns.
If you see him, just back off and wait for him to path away. He's got a
fairly short aggro radius. 
  When you zone into Rath Mtns. follow your map again. Go straight past
the entrance to HG valley until you come to the Beetles and turn right.
You can follow that route to get to the Lake Rath zone easy enough, and
not much of anything should aggro. 
  In Lake Rathe, just follow the shoreline to the SK zone area. Again,
mostly low level mobs, so you should be fine.
  In SK you might be lucky enough to get a spire outside Paw to solo the
single Tech Mas Gnolls there, or go pull some stuff at Bird Town. In a
couple levels, move into Paw. Very good hunting, xp, and cash there. Not
a bad choice of zone for your level to solo at.
  If that doesn't work, there's some nice stuff to do at your level in
Ocean of Tears. I think you'd still get xp of the gargoyles, maybe? Nice
money there.
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"In large states public education will always be mediocre, for the same
reason that in large kitchens the cooking is usually bad. " 
-- Friedrich Nietzsche


