From 1119977303977033854
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4e6af819938db628,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsread.com!newsprint.newsread.com!news.glorb.com!pln-e!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!news2
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Monual's Guilddeath
Date: Tue, 23 Nov 2004 21:03:55 -0600
Organization: http://newsguy.com
Lines: 58
Message-ID: <co0tmr0fne@news2.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-003.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:24790

Well, it happened, not unexpectedly.  Our guildleader, faced with rebuilding 
just about the entire guild in the face of rapidly declining numbers in EQ, 
decided that it would be best just to disband the guild.  Somewhat 
surprisingly, no one disagreed.  We've barely had 20 people log on each 
night.  The impetus to do anything seems to have gone out of the guild.

So Monual is now guildless.  I have precious few options on Drinal, except 
to go to the only remaining uber-guild.  It's actually still going strong, 
having absorbed a lot of my guild plus gotten lots of people cross-server. 
But it's having problems, too; they've actually gone as far back as flagging 
people for Time to gear them up.  Their numbers have gone way down, too.

Not that I would ever guild with them; their leadership has done so many 
despicable things in the past.  I remember when their guildleader saw that a 
Shadowknight in our guild was attempting to gather a force to take down a 
named mob that dropped a very nice two-handed sword in the Plane of Water. 
So he got a few of his guildmates to take down the mob, then destroyed the 
sword and taunted the SK.  I could never, ever be associated with someone 
like that.  Curiously, though, the SK left our guild for theirs a few weeks 
ago.

What to do?  Cross-sever application?  Maybe, except my schedule makes 
full-time raiding difficult unless the guild starts their raids at 10pm 
Central.  Plus who's to say the same thing won't happen at that other guild? 
For the first time ever, I'm actually starting to believe the EQ is in its 
death throes.  Oh, I'm sure there will still be people playing a year from 
now, but the high-end raiding scene is essentially done with.  Old people 
have moved on and new people won't pick up EQ over EQ2 or WoW.

It's sad; I so wanted to get Monual his epic.  He's at the final fight of 
his 1.5 epic, but my guild couldn't field a raiding force capable of that 
fight for the past couple of weeks, and now they're gone.  I wanted to see 
Tacvi, Anguish, all that.  I wanted to complete all the MPG trials, I wanted 
to get all my level 69 and 70 spells.  Now those things will quite likely 
never happen.

What to do?  I truly don't want to start all over again with another MMORPG. 
I truly don't want to give up on EverQuest.  At the same time, though, I 
felt a sliver of relief amidst the depression about the death of Silent 
Tempest, because I felt like I was letting the guild down with my reduced 
playing time.  Now I don't have to feel guilty about that any more.  It 
would be nice to not feel committed to a game, at least for a little while.

Monual's account is prepaid for some months yet, so I have plenty of time to 
work things out.  In the meantime, I may take Monual and Marrtuk out to do 
some duoing and see if I can't get Marrtuk to 60.  After all, I had some fun 
times in the early days running around doing things on my own; it might be 
good to return to that for a while.


-- 
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Prelate of Rodcet Nife
Drinal server 




