From -1734404420584536689
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,aae10b845976ea3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-06 20:50:16 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.104.MISMATCH!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3EB88277.6E999F41@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: More reports from my shaman twink; Cannadance
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 123
Date: Wed, 07 May 2003 03:52:52 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.98
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1052279572 66.109.254.98 (Tue, 06 May 2003 23:52:52 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 06 May 2003 23:52:52 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:280840

Went to Marus Seru.  Pulled blue mobs, white mobs, yellow mobs,
red mobs.  Nothing I couldn't kill. Two at a time, still no
problem.  Three at a time, started getting in over my head a bit,
and of course some of them were faster than SOW.

There was some down time associated with this; I was doing it
"self buffed only" so I could play more seriously with canna.  I
set up a "Cannadance" hotkey and played with it a bit, here's
what I ended up with:

/stand
/cast 8
/pause 11
/sit

If I was standing, this kept me standing and cast the spell, if
not, I'd stand up and cast.  After the spell finished, I sat
down.

I originally put in a 14 delay, since the cast time is 1.4
seconds.  It seemed to me I finished casting and then stood there
for a noticable pause before sitting.

Shortening the delay down to 10, and then to 8 still worked, 7
did not.  Back at 8, on repeated casting I found it was decidedly
hit or miss whether I'd sit down.  9 and even 10 still gave me
some times when I just stood there after casting.  11 seems to be
bulletproof.  Why its not 14 or even 15 is a mystery to me, I
guess its the same sort of thing that prevents the classic
/assist hotkey combinations from working without a pause in
between

OK, so with this in place and working, I burned a bunch of mana,
then put my cursor over my mana bar.  When it jumped, I hit my
hotkey number button, and then watched for the next jump.

With my natural mana regen I was getting 1% per tic.  Canna added
another 2% per tic fairly consistantly, so it was tripling my
mana regen to do this dance.  On the other hand, my mana pool is
pretty small, wisdom 94 with 170 mana in gear.  Watching my HP
bar, I was dropping 4% of my HP bar with each canna, at 50 hp a
chunk, which is pretty close with my nearly 1250 hp total self
buffed.

What an untwinked shaman who put more points into his wis might
have seen would certainly be different.  With regen on, my
natural HP regen sitting was about 1 1/2% per tic (one tic 1%,
the next 2%), but casting regen cost me 12% of my mana pool.

Canna I was no KEI, but it was certainly a solid down time
cutter, the bad part is that it was similar to running a bard,
constantly click click clicking, and having to pay attention
doing so in order to catch the sitting med benefits as well.  I
could stand and just mash the canna button, but this meant
throwing away a third of my mana regen, or effectively wasting a
third of the HP I was canna-ing.

After playing around with this for a while, I got into a small
group, me, necro, mage.  I slapped regen on the necro, who worked
as puller, I slowed and dotted red mobs and otherwise just waded
in and played MA with the pets slamming away.  Canna was more
than adequate to this plan, I could dance during the pulls and
had plenty of mana to do light healing duties, keep regen on
myself and the necro, and so forth.

Later we got a paladin in with us, and it got to the point where
I felt useless.  Mobs were dying so quickly that I wasn't really
contributing in melee, slows were silly, DOTs were silly, I was
just soaking up exp in exchange for keeping regen on and doing
some light healing.  I could probably have handled the amount of
healing I was doing at 14.  It didn't help that the pulls were
coming in slowly and the mobs were such that I could solo them
fairly handily, but even if they'd quadrupled the pull rate I'd
only have really been useful as a healer.

Then the necro and mage left, so it was just me and the paladin.
After some experimentation, we ended up with me as puller/MA.  He
was doing a LOT more damage than I was, but couldn't take a
beating like I could.  We could still chop thru mobs about as
fast as we could find em, a lot like me soloing, only faster and
with less down time.  Despite my best efforts, the paladin got
his fair share of the beating, but he could heal himself back up
after while I was running around looking for trouble.  At times I
was cannaing -while- being beat on (not dancing, just noticing
that my HP bar was moving up instead of down and thinking why not
grab some more mana.

Eventually we concluded that this was really too easy, and the
red mobs too far between, so we moved to Frontier Mountains giant
fort.  For this, I got KEI, and it turned out I definately needed
it.  There was noone in the zone but us, a far cry from the days
of 6 full groups splitting the mobs in there.  LOIO had 5 people
in it when we were moving thru... which means 3 actually hunting
there!  Scary.  Anyway, paladin would lull (which never ever blew
up in his face once, remember when the lull line sucked? and I'd
pull with slow.  Mob would beat on me for a while, whenever it
turned to him I'd DOT and get aggro back for a bit.  Once all
DOTs were on, I'd have aggro for a while then it would switch
back to him, I'd beat on its back until it started to run, and
snare it and sit while he killed it off.

This would probably have been viable on Canna, with some small
downtime while I danced.  But because of the uncrowded condition
of the zone, we were getting adds.  Goblins, some of them
casters, brutes, giants; I don't remember ever having any serious
problem with these mobs, probably because they were all mowed
flat by the various other groups there.  I also got a fair number
of giants popping on top of me as I pulled, I imagine a really
experience puller would have the repops timed and never have that
happen.

At any rate, with an add or two, mostly red to us mobs, I was
going thru mana pretty fast. Slow all mobs, root park some, chain
heal paladin till I got add aggro, maybe dot some in order to
speed kills up; again I ended up doing canna even while taking a
beating, as my mana flow was all that stood between us and
calamity.  On several occaisions this didn't work out, we ended
up taking two pally deaths and one shaman death from caster
goblin adds; their combination of snares, roots, mezzes, and DOTs
were overwhelming when we had a giant or two on us.

Paak, 27 shaman, Morel Thule



