From -1827577525279193324
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,959ce8b46f9388d4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-04 04:56:30 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: The Premium EQ I Would Pay For
Date: Mon, 04 Feb 2002 04:56:10 -0800
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <h60t5ucvv6bl1nlpkgoj2e6hruit1883c7@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.9/32.560
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 61
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:163643


No way am I going to consider EQ Legends.  It doesn't seem to offer
anything worth a premium.  Most of the map stuff can be done with a
log parser, and with a trip to a banker and a merchant, so can most of
the item tracking stuff.

Here's what I would pay extra for: support for events run by the
players, not the GMs.  Here's how it would work.

1. Someone who wants to organize an event submits a request to Verant,
saying what zones are needed, for how long, and what mobs need to be
up, and a list of dates/times they would like to hold the event.
Submitting this request costs a small fee ($5?).

2. Verant makes sure the event is reasonable, and selects a date/time
from the list submitted.  If the necessary resources aren't available
for any of those times, Verant and the submitter work out an
acceptable date/time.  Verant gives the submitter an event number.

3. The sumbitter gives Verant a list of who is participating in the
event.  The list can consists of guild names and individual player
names.

4. Before the scheduled event time, the participants issue the command

	/moveevent N

where N is the event number.

5. On the day of the event, Verant moves all the participating
characters (e.g., those how did the /moveevent command and are either
on the list from #3 or in one of the guilds on the list) to a Legends
server, sets up the necessary conditions for the event, and the
players hold the event.  Everyone who participates pays a small fee
($2?).  When the event is over, everyone is moved back to their
regular server.

Events could be things like "Raid Naggy" or "Raid Plane of Fear" or
"Spend all day getting drunk and going crazy in Kedge Keep".
Basically, the kind of stuff people like to do as guilds, that they
often can't, because of crowding.  For events like "Raid Naggy",
Verant makes sure Naggy and all the other minions of Sol B are
spawned, and no one is allowed in the zone except event participants.
For raid events, if you do it without GM intervention (other than
initializing the zone for you), you get to keep all loot.  You can
also ask for GM intervention (e.g., if you kill Naggy, but haven't
used all your time, you can ask the GM to repop Naggy or the zone, and
do it again), but you don't get to keep any loot you get after this.

Why would I like something like this?  Because I'm not in an uber
guild.  I'm in a casual guild.  It's a fair amount of effort for us to
all get together and do a raid, and it is damned frustrating when we
do, and find that the thing we want to raid has been taken by a couple
of pickup groups from uber guilds.  I'd be quite willing to pay a
special fee and in effect reserve a zone for my guild at a specific
time.  I bet we'd get much better turnout for that, too.  It would be
a lot easier to get up early on a Saturday morning for a guild raid
when you *know* that the target won't be taken, or was not cleared the
night before and hasn't popped yet.

--Tim Smith


