From -8105307643388629374
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,825b120ba60bda63
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-19 18:55:30 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Alignment question
Date: Fri, 20 Sep 2002 01:54:19 -0000
Organization: Institute of Lawsonomy, Department of Suction and Pressure
Message-ID: <slrnaokvu9.caq.reply_in_group@tzs.net>
References: <MPG.17f3dec6833ccfee9896a4@news-west.onlynews.com>
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.7.4 (Linux)
Cache-Post-Path: tzs.net!unknown@tzs.net
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.3.3 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 63
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:232068

In article <MPG.17f3dec6833ccfee9896a4@news-west.onlynews.com>, Karandar
wrote:
> Lets use Qeynos guards as an example as these con green to me now at 34.
> How many hours of killing queynos guards would be needed to get me inside
> neriak and then how many hours off killing neriak guards(if there doable
> to me, im not sure?) for my alignment to be good enough to get inside
> qeynos again?

Well, that wouldn't work, because Neriak guards and Qeynos guards have
pretty much nothing to do with each other.  There's no "alignment" in EQ,
like there is in, say D&D.  There are factions.  Things that have faction
have one faction that they use for deciding what they think of you, and zero
or more factions that their death affects.

So, if you want to get into Neriak, here's what you do.  First, you find out
what faction the guards are on.  In most cities, there is more than one
faction you have to worry about.  In Neriak, the Foreign Quarter guards are
on Dread Guard Outer faction, and the guards farther in are on Dread Guard
Inner.  Allakhazam is your friend here.  Find all the factions that might be
important.

Look them up at Allakhazam's.  That will tell you what you can kill to raise
the faction, and what quests you can do.  So, for example, we see that
killing Leatherfoot Deputies raises Dread Guard Outer.  Unfortunately, that
also lowers Stormreapers, Merchants of Rivervale, Mayor Gubbin, and
Guardians of the Vale, and a good general rule in EQ is things that hurt
faction tend to do a lot more hurting than things that help do helping.  So,
raising DGO this way enough to make a difference would get the NPCs on those
other four factions REALLY PISSED OFF at you.  That's the fundamental thing
to know about faction work in EQ: TANSTAAFL.

Well, sometime there *IS* a free lunch.  Take a look at the Bottle of Red
Wine quest.  That raises Dark Bargainers (Dark Elf merchants (everywhere,
pretty much, not just Neriak), and both Dread Guard factions, without
hurting any other faction.  So, if you can get your faction up enough to
allow doing this quest, you can finish improving those factions without
screwing up other things, like Rivervale.  I believe a common thing to do
for people whose faction is not good enough to do that quest is to get
someone to charm the guy, and then do the quest a bunch of times while he is
charmed, to get their faction to the point that they can do it without
charm.

Sometimes factions are directly opposed: pretty much everything that lowers
X raises Y, and vice versa.  Often, however, you can find chains.  For
example, killing those Leatherfoot Deputies raises DGO, but screws up
Stormreapers.  Killing Gorge Minotaurs raises Stormreapers, and lowers Clan
Runnyeye.  So, one could kill Deputies until DGO is satisfactory, then kill
Gorge Minotaurs until Stormreapers is better.

As you can see, faction can get complicated, because so many things affect
more than one faction at a time.

Oh, one more thing.  Whenever you are in an area where you had to do faction
work to get into without getting killed--be cautious.  Cities have many
factions, and you can easily be amiable to the guards and merchants, and
still find some NPCs that hate you.  Various groups of classes often have a
faction (e.g., one for NPC Wizards, Mages, and Enchanters in a city, one for
Warriors, one for Necros, one for Clerics, one for Rogues, etc), and nothing
sucks more than running around happy that all those Dark Elves guard are
amiable, turning a corner, and having some level 60 Warrior NPC smack you
down in one blow.

--Tim Smith


