From -982612234395371826
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,95ccf3f4e0bccc90
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-27 08:48:55 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com (Tim Smith)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Will EQ2 make it or die like UO2 did?
Date: Sat, 27 Apr 2002 15:48:55 -0000
Organization: Institute of Lawsonomy, Department of Suction and Pressure
Message-ID: <slrnacli36.vvk.reply_in_group@localhost.localdomain>
References: <%6Hx8.1580$ao1.7147@rwcrnsc54>
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.7.1 (Linux)
Cache-Post-Path: T2!unknown@t2
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.3.3 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 65
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:190636

In article <%6Hx8.1580$ao1.7147@rwcrnsc54>, Michael wrote:
> UO2 died in development for many of the reasons people have stated here in
> other threads. Like: 'If I can not transfer I don't want to play a new
> game' or ' Will they continue to support EQ once EQ2 is out?' There were
> technical reasons UO2 died too, but I seem to remember some angry players
> bitching as well.

A lot depends on who they expect to draw the EQ2 userbase from.  The big
lesson that the games since EQ have taught is that there is enough room for
growth in the MMORPG market that a new game can come in without taking
anything from the existing games.

Verant could be aiming EQ2 at an audience that is not playing EQ now.  If
their expectation is that EQ will continue on with its 400k or so
subscribers, and they'll pick up mostly new people for EQ2, then EQ players
bitching about not being able to transfer to EQ2 won't disturb Verant much.

On the other hand, Verant could be looking forward to a time when EQ
declines.  I've noticed in my guild, and among my friends, a fair number of
long term players leaving, not because of any particular thing ticking them
off, but rather because they've simply played long enough that it is time to
move on.  It's quite possible that Verant has analyzed the population
distribution and the leveling rates and stuff like that, and sees a large
decline in population on the horizon.

If Verant sees something like that happening, they could be aiming EQ2 at
grabbing those people.  If that is the case, then Verant should be very
concerned if a lot of EQ players say they won't play EQ2 without some kind
of character transfer.

Some people have said that they *can't* offer transfering characters because
the game systems will be so different.  I disagree.  Basically, what they
would have to do is figure out skill allocations that correspond to various
EQ classes, and transfer the EQ character to an EQ2 character with that
skill allocation.  It would probably be best to cap the level, so, say, EQ
characters below 30 can't transfer, and 30+ EQ characters get a level 20ish
EQ2 character (maybe have another step for EQ 55+ characters?).

Another possibility would be to not transfer characters, but instead give
people an XP bonus if they want.  For levels 1-5 or so, you'd get no bonus,
because you need to learn the basics of the new system.  Then, you'd get an
XP bonus, based on the level of your highest EQ character, so that you level
faster.

The details don't really matter...the point is that there are a few ways
they can either transfer characters or otherwise give EQ players a way to
get past the low levels.

> I would think EQ will probably be phased out sometime after EQ2 comes out
> but I could be wrong. Hard to say at this point because I haven't heard
> anything new about that. I personally don't care that I can not bring my
> toons over. Once I'm done with a game I'm done and move on to bigger and

The really big factor, I think, is going to be what effect EQ2 has on EQ
growth.  If EQ and EQ2 are both on the shelves, will anyone start EQ?  If
the answer is "No", then EQ2 will definitely mark the start of the EQ phase
out.  It won't be a quick phase out, because as long as they *have* players,
it is worth keeping EQ going.

> better things. I'm done with EQ so I'll just have to see what EQ2 will be
> about. I do think they should name it something else though.

How about "Dark Age of Norrath"? :-)

--Tim Smith


