From -2863252934965672489
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5c22540ebb2846ed,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-11 06:28:51 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news-east.rr.com!cyclone.kc.rr.com!news.kc.rr.com!cyclone.austin.rr.com!cyclone2.austin.rr.com!typhoon.austin.rr.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Bradmeister" <bradmeister@hot.roar.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: names names names ... blah blah blah
Lines: 127
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Message-ID: <laad7.79329$g_3.11063317@typhoon.austin.rr.com>
Date: Sat, 11 Aug 2001 13:11:45 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.242.45.128
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.austin.rr.com 997535505 24.242.45.128 (Sat, 11 Aug 2001 08:11:45 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 11 Aug 2001 08:11:45 CDT
Organization: Road Runner - Texas
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:106040

Ya'll probably kill me for starting a new thread on this subject, but since
in the 8 hours I was at work the original thread EXPLODED ... and in the
four hours I was playing EQ after that (dinged 27) it DOUBLED ... I couldn't
find a suitable place to put my opinion ... so I place it here for your
appraisal / amusement / attempted flaming.

It seems to me there are two kinds of people here ... those who have played
by the rules, and those who haven't. Now, when I say 'rules' I'm talking
about the rules of life. Once you people 'get a life' (i.e. get out of
school and join 'the real world') you'll find these thought patterns do not
apply:

"If I think a rule/law/policy is wrong, I don't have to follow it."
"If a rule/law/policy inhibits my ability to do what I want to do, I don't
have to follow it."
"If someone breaks a rule/law/policy, and gets away with it, then I should
be able to get away with it also."
"If breaking a rule/law/policy does not hurt me in any way, regardless of
who broke it, then that is fine."
"Fair is Fair."

(This portion is going to jump a bit, I'm just talking about certain threads
I saw, and don't remember where in the original thread I saw them. Please be
patient.)

"Ignorance of the law is no excuse"
Someone mentioned about how Dark Tyger (I believe) was in the minority for
actually reading the EULA. Guess what? That doesn't matter. By clicking YES,
you agree to abide by every policy in the EULA, regardless of whether you
read it or not. Try telling the cop who just pulled you over for doing 50
mph in a 30 mph zone "I didn't see any sign, so I didn't know it was a 30
mph zone." See how far that gets you.

Yes, there are such things as ineffective laws.
In Detroit, Michigan, it is illegal to tie an alligator to a fire hydrant.
In Texas, it is illegal to take more than three sips of beer while you are
standing up.
In Hartford, Connecticut, it is illegal for a man to kiss his wife on
Sunday.

All of these are legitimate laws still on the books of their respective
states. (ref: www.dumblaws.com )

Just because you think a rule/law/policy does not apply to you, does not
mean you can take away my right to report a violation of that
rule/law/policy. Just because you think a rule/law/policy does not hurt
anyone, does not mean everyone must share your view. Verant has told us the
rules, and given us the ability to report those who are in violation of the
rules. I have reported one person for violating the naming policy. I have
seen many others, but this one I just had to petition:

Thepeoples Championn

For the benefit of those in the audience, I'll run down how many policies
this name violates.

4) Copyrighted or trademarked names of products, characters, services, or
concepts (e.g. Drizzt, Marlboro, Sony).
The Peoples Champion is a trademarked name of the World Wrestling
Federation.

5) Non-fantasy oriented names from popular media. These names can be either
fictional (e.g. Rambo, Darthvader) or non-fictional (e.g. Garth Brooks,
Pierce Brosnan, Ronald Reagan, Michael Jordan).
The Peoples Champion is the nickname of  The Rock, WWF wrestler.

10) Names containing titles within them, such as, but not limited to: The,
Lord, Lady, Master, King, Knight, Sir, Father (e.g. Sirtallon, Lordeagle,
Mothermaggy, Darksister).
Thepeoples

13) Names where the combination of the first and last name form a phrase or
violate a previous rule (e.g. Crymea River, Bran Muffin, Story Thyme)
Thepeoples Championn --> The Peoples Champion

For those wondering about the double 'N' in the last name:

For all of the above, misspellings and alternative spellings of the word or
words are also unacceptable.

Yes, Verant did come out with a new policy of what they would do to name
violators. Here it is:

If a name is found to be in violation of any of the above polices, a member
of the Server Management Team will then use the following process:

     For category 1 or 2 offenses, a GM will delete the character as soon as
it is discovered. You will not be notified of this deletion. The items and
experience levels on the character will not be restored or reimbursed under
any circumstances. Depending on the nature of the offensive name, the
account may also be subject to disciplinary action including suspension or
banning. A GM will not contact you before disciplinary action is taken.
      For categories 3 through 13, the GM will contact you either in game or
via email to notify you of the character's name change. Please be aware that
if you do not choose a name that is in accordance with this naming policy at
the time of creation a new name will be assigned to your character and this
name will not be changed. After your name is changed, those corpses will not
be lootable, and no reimbursements will be given.

Categories 1 and 2 are the lewd, vulgar, offensive, rude, racist names.
Everything else falls under 3 through 13. Too bad they never went further
than posting these new policies.

I may have forgotten a point or two, but hopefully you'll see this and it
will at least make you think. It's one of those "If the shoe fits, wear it"
deals, if it applies to you, listen, if not just take it as more knowledge
gained.

Also, if you reply with a response that has some semblance of intelligence,
I'll debate with you. If you reply with "I don't believe the same way you do
so you are wrong", I got two words for ya:

/ignore moron

--
"Ever stop to think ... then forget to start again?"

Gortha Strongwill, Dwarven Warrior of 27 seasons
Loniyak, High Elf Magician of 6 seasons

Prexus server

(remove "ao" to email any responses)






