From -3216254342059929677
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b183262c086f409
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 18 Jun 2004 10:34:02 -0500
Date: Fri, 18 Jun 2004 11:33:58 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: 60's mage... what's worth getting?
References: <A_2dnfmNlNEaClXdRVn-vw@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <A_2dnfmNlNEaClXdRVn-vw@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <WuadncXhk8n3lk7dRVn-sw@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 136
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.82
X-Trace: sv3-DYhADXqKWr7ZEVUB8u7I29XgNx1vfKBgmlRIclVfLPAdpPek/QWJeTK3/seWbgr/6x3KR8JtlG21IOd!GemP7o7QML24/OewLxN+2n2sKEaRVQkitqpCLkppC8cm9uFloTL0fwFwTh5vd/5Yd5w6ISitz4k=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6819



Lance Berg wrote:

> I'm playing around with my mage at the moment, trying to remember how he 
> works and what I was looking into getting.

Update:

I'm now 63 and still rising reasonably fast, so things do seem to work 
as I predicted; I'll be 65 long before I have enough LDoN points to buy 
anything at all.

I ended up buying a bunch of ethereal parchments at bargain prices (50pp 
and under), and turning them in for spells, rather than buy the 61/62 
spells I wanted at 2000pp plus each.  This means I got a bunch I don't 
really care about, but did pick up most of the ones I'm interested in. 
I sold a spare copy of one of the spells I got for 1000pp, which more 
than covered my investment in parchments.

Burnout V is the most straightforward upgrade; more haste is always 
better (to a limit, but 85% plus an 11% haste item is still under the 
100% haste cap)

I have several of the 61 jewelry spells... but I just picked up (for 
500pp) the Summon Jewelry Bag spell, which is far handier; I like it a 
lot more than having to go thru and summon each item one at a time.  I 
can't believe it came in the same stupid bag that the pet armor comes in 
, though, even having two empty spaces at the bottom!  I can fill those 
spaces with an orb of exploration and a ring of levitation, of course... 
but the point isn't filling the bag up, I just summon it, empty it, and 
discard.  IF it had been the bag from Gift of Xev, though, I'd keep it 
instead of bothering summoning that.

I got both the air and water pets, each of which has its uses; the water 
pet is great in kiting, while the air pet makes a better tank, and seems 
to be better when assisting a tank; rarely does a tank bother 
positioning to keep my pet in the rear arc of the mob, and I waste a lot 
of med time and pet melee time if I have to keep moving around to 
position the pet.  Plus, his stuns act as a sort of additional slow, 
cutting down on the damage the mob dishes out while we kill it.

I got Xegony's Phantasmal Guard, which is an 8 hp/8mana regen with some 
AC.  Thats the same mana regen as POT9, and conflicts with that spell. 
So... I should take POT9 since its a HP buff and doesn't cost me mana 
regen, but stay away from POTG or Cabbage?  Or if Virtue is available, 
take that plus XPG, which will then be more HP and the same regen?  I'm 
not really clear on all the permutations.  What about Focus/FO7?

I went and bought the Elemental Draw spell.  800 damage to my pet, and I 
get a 4 mana per tic regen buff that lasts a while.  I've run into 
trouble a few times with this, if the combat is continuous the pet never 
ends up healing that damage, and a few casts of it and the pet starts 
getting low HP aggro!  It also conflicts with some kind of necro or SK 
buff, Mind Wrack and the like, which is annoying in that they use that 
spell inconsistently, so I either don't use the draw, and end up with no 
bonus regen at all much of the time, or I do, then they overwrite it and 
the damage I've done my pet is wasted.

I bought Black Steel (another 500pp, the rest of my winnings from the EP 
lottery), and I think I'm dissapointed; its conjuration based, which 
means my specialization works for it, but its mana ratio and casting and 
recast time don't seem to be any different from Firebolt of Talon, which 
is bigger hit.  Is BS something I should be ignoring unless I go up 
against mobs with high Fire Resist?  Or is my conjuration bonus 
significant enough to make this a better choice mana ratio wise?


I -don't- have:
Burning Sands.  A small evoc based fire nuke.  Again, why not use 
Firebolt of Talon?

Imbue Earth.  What is this for?  I've never seen it.  But I don't recall 
anyone ever asking my 65 cleric to use any of his imbue spells from POP.

Talisman of Return.  Fun idea, but not sure anyone makes the reagent... 
its funny that its a mage spell which requires a shaman made component, 
when you consider that no mage race has a shaman, and no shaman race can 
be a mage.  I've never heard this advertised nor seen anyone asking for 
one, although it sounds like it would be handy... maybe its the no rent 
nature of the thing, which means going LD for an extended period deep in 
a situation you were relying on gating out of (assuming you are a melee) 
would be a problem.  Never seen the spell for sale.

Flameshield of Ro.  Group DS upgrade... are there any single target DS 
in the 61-65 range?  I've rarely used group up till now, lots more mana 
cost and yet its rare anyone in the group gets hit other than the 
designated tank.  Also don't have Maelstrom of Ro, which I think is a 63 
group DS, I suppose bigger than Flameshield.

Blade of the Kedge.  I already have two pet weapon summons, on different 
resists, I'm not sure a third is particularly interesting.  Sure wish 
they procced something other than DD, say a DD, Root, Stun, so picking 
the right weapon would let you fine tune your pet, like beastlords can 
with their pet buffs.

Child of Ro.  Fire pet.  In the 50s, fire pets were useless, worse than 
useless, most of the time.  Any reason I'd want to get the Child, other 
than if I'm called on to help kill Ixiblat Fer or Lord whatever his name 
is in COM?

Elemental Silence.   Elemental only Mez, 30 second duration.  Mildly 
interesting, although there aren't a whole lot of elementals out 
there... might be handy given that I still need more Takish points.

Malosinia.  Upgrade to the 59 spell of the line?  I only switched to 
that one because of the low recast time, the degree of debuff hasn't yet 
been an issue in 63 levels of play.  Is there a reason, other than just 
to have the best for Flash purposes, to move up to this?

Of course I'm still missing Ancient Burnout and Ancient Shock of the Sun.

Have none of the 64 spells but I'm not 64 just yet, and none of the 65 
spells... its going to take a real money gathering effort to buy any of 
those, if my experiences as a cleric are any indication.

Don't have the Diamond Prism of Companionship yet; the few LDoN groups 
I've been in since returning have been happy enough to do Takish since I 
have a preference, but at 30 per success and 13 per fail, that only puts 
  me 73 points closer to my goal; I'm still at 300 or so and need 760 or 
so.  Given that each success is 30 points and yeilds about 15% of a 
level in exp, I'll be 65th level plus a yellow before finishing that 
item, even if I do nothing but LDoN and get nothing but successes!

On FV, its possible to buy LDoN points from other players, because they 
can purchase augments that are droppable, give them to you and you  turn 
them in for LDoN points... but that doesn't help, because I don't need 
the points (I have enough now to buy the diamond), rather, I need the 
cap raised on my purchases in Takish.  I'm looking into something 
someone suggested, which is finding someone with a high enough cap, 
giving him my points, and having him purchase the diamond.  This assumes 
that on FV the diamond is droppable, and that I can find someone with 
760+ limit in takish who is trustworthy and willing.

Splendid One, 63 Gnomage, Firiona Vie



