From 8165731651342288418
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,822e186bde957cf9
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-08 12:12:47 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <b9e01q0vcu@enews4.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: Monual Gets Ignored
Lines: 182
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <O_xua.85844$8r5.5655857@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Thu, 08 May 2003 19:12:46 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 1052421166 216.232.78.121 (Thu, 08 May 2003 13:12:46 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 08 May 2003 13:12:46 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:281177


"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:b9e01q0vcu@enews4.newsguy.com...
>
> After killing Rallos Zek the Warlord, my guild's been concentrating on
> getting everyone caught up on flags.  What's killing us is Mith Marr,
which
> has been consistently farmed by our uber-guild for haste belts.

    The more you describe Cats in Hats, the more I'm convinced they're run
by chimps. The Plane of Earth is haste item paradise now (I don't think
we've done a clear without at least one dropping), and they're slumming in
HoH-B?

> I once referred to Tower of Solusek Ro as "Vex Thal with flags".  It's not
> *quite* as bad as VT, but there are still an awful lot of mobs you have to
> kill to get to the mini-bosses.

    Oddly, I like events like that. More AA XP! ;-) Plane of Earth is great
for that - one day of doing all the rings will usually get you one AA point.

> Again, I don't bother to memorize names, so you'll have to forgive me if I
> refer to the mini-bosses as "bird guy" or "Ms. Ragefire".  Today we're
> headed towards "Guy with the pet swords that do tons of damage".

    That would be Xuzl, like the WIZ spell that summons a sword pet. You
also have Rizlona (bard that turns into a dragon, same name as the bard
damage multiplier song), Arlyxir (the bird), Dresolik (the giant), and Jiva
(the AoE damage guy, same name as the WIZ PBAoE spells).

> We move on to another mini, "Genie that does tons of AE damage".  This
also
> goes very smoothly, although one of our new cleric recruits keeps dying.

    You folks weren't ressing her into the AoE, were you?

> I move myself around and accidentally
> click on a large circular metal plate on the floor.  I get a message, "You
> do not have the strength to open these doors".  Ah, this must be the
> infamous portal to the Plane of Fire that was recently nerfed.

    It used to be loads of fun trying to open the doors just as someone ran
across them. ;-)

> Solusek Ro has a nasty AE (and yes, I know it pales in
> comparison to some elemental boss mobs but it's still worse than anything
> we've ever had to deal with) and we have to figure out a healing strategy.
> Since the AE is centered on the MT, we decide to do the fight
> "Cursed-style".  When the AE is due to pop, the tanks will run out of
range,
> wait for the AE to pass, then run back in.

    We've never bothered with ducking on these types of mobs because one
tank getting hit and going low on health could get the mob to move out of
position, and position is so much more important than a wee bit of DPS. Some
of the rogues try jousting now and then, but they usually end up getting
pasted in the end.

> Alas, the AE is wider than the
> clerics' CH range.  So we're going to get hit no matter what.  So a shaman
> is assigned to each cleric, and their sole duty is to keep us clerics
alive.

    We have a sixth cleric to WoR (which WoR depends on the size of the AoE)
the group. They're also the "Dead Cleric Walking", as the hate generated by
healing all five CH clerics is usually so great that even a twitch by the
main tank can get that cleric summoned and killed. I try to avoid that job.
Leadoff CH is dangerous enough for me, thanks!

> We clerics are having our own strategy discussion.  We don't have a real
> strong cleric leader - the person who directs the clerics is whoever is
> feeling the bossiest at the moment.  Right now, our "boss" cleric is
setting
> the chain order - five clerics - and telling us to set our delay to 10.

    Every time you talk about setting delays, I cringe. I'd love to be "boss
for a day" at SOE and get rid of the command altogether, so people actually
have to pay real attention to play a cleric. Down with second box clerics!

> Solusek Ro is pulled.  For the first few seconds, all goes well - our very
> fast chain is working.  Then the tank goes out of range, and dies, and so
do
> the secondary and tertiary tanks.

    You're lucky no clerics got pasted when those tanks went down, which
happens with us usually. It's one of the advantages of having tanks duck the
AoE!

> I have
> precious little time to devote to noticing outside details much - this is
a
> *fast* CH chain - but I do notice that I'm taking some pretty good damage,
> which is being healed with dispatch by the shaman.

    3 K every 30 seconds, isn't it? Been a while since we did him, so my
memory is a bit fuzzy.

> I'm somewhat surprised
> that my CH is never interrupted - perhaps it's not possible to be
> interrupted by an AE unless there's a stun component.  I'd never noticed
> that before.

    A spell has to have a stun or knockback component to possibly interrupt
spellcasting. All melee damage has some associated knockback, so all melee
damage can interrupt spellcasting.

> ...and then I die.  Evidently the shaman that was healing me also ran out
of
> mana.

    I'm surprised they kept it up as long as they did. 3 K every 30 seconds
is a lot of damage for a shaman to heal back.

> Loot is some gloves and Gauntlets of the Burning Prince.  I perk up when I
> see that the gauntlets are CLR-useable.  18 WIS, 100hp, 125mana, some
> resists, other stats.  A terrific upgrade for my Salubrious Heraldic
> Gauntlets.  They also have a focus effect: Speed of Solusek.  I look it
up,
> and it's an 18% spell haste on detrimental spells.  I deflate a little -
> that's int caster loot, not priest loot.  But discussions ensue - there's
> much better spell haste items for int casters, and the elemental molds
we'll
> soon be getting have better spell haste.  I perk up and decide to put my
> name in - I've been dying to replace my Heraldic pieces for a long time.

    Gauntlets are a very common piece in the Elemental planes, or at least
they were for us (we did Fire/Air mostly). I never wanted the elemental
gauntlets because the focus effect isn't terribly useful for a healer, but I
ended up being a default on them. Since your guild alliance is fairly large
and has serious competition, this was likely a very wise choice. Plate
gauntlets will go to your tanks first, and there are no real elemental
alternatives.

> Then I get
> asked to come to Plane of Fire to join an exploratory XP group.  Already a
> couple of named have been killed, with some good drops.

    Yeah, some of the minis near zone in Fire are good for drops. Like the
spider queen with the FT III belt. She pops a lot, too, as people focus on
killing the spiders for saps.

> I zone in, join the group, buff up, we move a bit aways trying to find
> "Castle1" wherever that is.

    After you zone in, head forwards and right, hugging the zone wall (the
hilly part). You'll soon come to a gigantic wall across a lava stream. I'm
guessing that's what your friends are calling "Castle1". There's no way
through that wall - you need to get Levitate and run up one of the "pillar"
things on the wall, always looking up. There are mobs that see through invis
in the field before Castle1, so be cautious. Inside are a number of guards.
Unless a named is up, none will see through here. If you climb the pillar
closest to the zone wall I told you to follow, you should be right beside a
staircase down when you crest the wall. Go down the stairs, run halfway
along the walkway at the bottom, then turn right and go out the doorway
that's across the castle compound from you. You'll be in an open area before
a grand bridge across a lava river, and there may be two giant named
phoenixes guarding the bridge. If you turn right and set up camp on the hill
there, you won't see wanderers and can pull from the castle with ease.

> I
> watch the drops for tradeskill items, and nab some molten ore - would love
> to make some inferno plate.

    Good luck. One of the temper components (not the magma crystals, the
other one) is hellishly rare. Magma crystals do drop from zone-in area mobs,
so you can build up a tiny stock hunting there.

> So: yet another milestone, yet another plane entered.  At this point, our
> guild is having a raging debate over whether to continue to farm VT or
just
> concentrate on farming elemental mobs.  We'll see.  In the meantime, it's
> terrific that we got this far.  Another step towards the good ol' Plane of
> Time.  =)

    Kill whatever is up, from highest risk of being taken by another guild
to lowest. You'll soon find that there's not as much content as you think
there is out there.

    James





