From -8221252671031428589
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5c5aa851ee3fb639,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews2.google.com!not-for-mail
From: mshea01@gmail.com
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 44: Deepest Guk
Date: 25 Aug 2004 07:32:13 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 127
Message-ID: <cgi7td$7ut@odah37.prod.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: odah37.prod.google.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1093444333 19031 127.0.0.1 (25 Aug 2004 14:32:13 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 25 Aug 2004 14:32:13 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14594

Tales of Loral
Chapter 44: Deepest Guk

Loral's head swam with the clues and rumors he had heard as he and his
traveling companions walked through the upper caverns of the Froglok
city of Guk. He had heard of a curse of ancient evil and of the Grozmok
stone but his pondering became circular as they walked. Llyan the
ranger was in front with Stonehewer the dwarven paladin, Juror the
barbarian shaman, Loral the elven cleric, Kaylessa the elven
enchantress, and Criket the Vah Shir beastlord in the rear. Criket's
warder, a five hundred pound striped cat, followed behind to make sure
no beasts would take them by surprise.
The Undead Guktan

Loral's thoughts of these rumors ceased when he came to the boarded
passage that led to the deepest caverns of Guk. It had been blocked by
the Frogloks themselves after their scouting parties came screaming
back out or did not come back at all. Stonehewer turned to the rest of
the party, smiled, and kicked in the boarded up cavern entrance. It was
a typical dwarven conclusion to the topic of whether or not they should
continue.

A foul air rose from the passage. Strong winds howled through the
tunnels. The scraping and cracking of the deeper tunnels unnerved the
party. Finding strength within each other, the party continued into the
complex network of caverns.

Stonehewer's cry of surprise and the twang of Llyan's bow were Loral's
first warning of danger. He saw the sagging grey-skinned creature
crawling towards them with long fingered hands and webbed feet. Its
long infected tongue lolled out, dragging on the ground behind it.
Llyan's arrow had burst one of the milky dead eyes of the beast. Yellow
liquid dripped down its grey rotted cheek like a broken egg yoke. The
smell gagged Loral, making him stop in the middle of a prayer and
ruining the spell he began to cast. Loral saw bones tearing through the
dead flesh of the beast. There was no doubt that they faced the
crawling hungry dead of Deepest Guk.
The Undead Guktan

Another of Llyan's arrows ripped into the beasts throat before Criket's
warder roared in, tearing the beast apart with four inch claws. The
shock of the beast wore off Stonehewer. The paladin took three menacing
steps forward and with a powerful overhand cut, severed the beast in
two.

For twelve hours the party battled the undead minions of Guk, some
rotting husks of recent adventurers, some ancient skeletal remains of
Guk's ancestors. Occationally a ghastly figure would form through the
walls, spirits of the tormented dead of Guk, and rake at the party with
ethereal claws. Crossing into a large cavern of vine covered stone and
green pools of bacteria, the party felt something else.
The Oculous

A hissing vibration filled the room. The party felt it in their teeth
and lower parts of their mind, the parts that will pull a hand out of a
fire without thinking. The hiss got louder and one of the strangest
beast they had seen rounded one of the caverns corners. It floated in
the air about four feet off the ground. It had a spherical bony shell
surrounding a huge eye that stared angrily at them. Tentacles, some
ending in hideous mouths with needle-like teeth, others ending with
sharp jagged blades, wiggled angrily at the party. The hiss lowered its
pitch and began to shake the party's nerves, paralyzing them.

The creature floated calmly over to the elven maiden, Kaylessa,
preparing three of the vile mouths to tear into her soft skin. With his
remaining stamina, Llyan broke from the paralyzing grip of the eye's
mental attack, drew his thin blade, and stabbed it in the most likely
of targets, dead center in the huge eye. The Oculus burst, spraying the
party with fluid. An inhuman primal scream filled their mind, reaching
pitches beyond the capabilities of the mind to comprehend. They fell to
the ground in agony but as the thrashes of the eye began to slow, the
pain went away. Soon, it was dead and the party stood staring at
horrifying creature with Llyan's blade protruding from its black pupal.

Oblivious to the battles above him the lich-priest, Bhotea, sat huddled
over a web shrouded tome. For the better part of a year he had
researched this dark work. Its words and runes twisted and reformed the
more he read. His body had begun to decay since reading the dark book,
feeding its evil, but the priest no longer cared. His longtime
traveling companion, once a Guktan Paladin of Mithanial Marr, lay on a
stone alter dissected and disemboweled. He was a small sacrifice in the
pursuit of power, thought Bhotea.
The Ocluous

A blazing flash of light in the corridor ahead of him tore the lich's
attention from his beloved book. He did not expect to see what he saw.
A dwarf, armored in shining blue plate armor, was stained with the
black blood of the undead minions that shared this cavern with the
lich. His skin was ashen from the ethereal wounds of dozens of ghastly
spectres but his eyes burned with a blazing life the lich no longer
knew.

Stonehewer charged in holding his twin-bladed sword high. The undead
priest raised his hand and a blast of magical energy sent Stonehewer
crashing to the ground. Two arrows from Llyan's bow streaked in but a
wave of the lich's hand turned them into dust before they reached him.
Juror blew a small wisp of dust from his hand. The cloud grew into
millions of tiny insects that roared around the lich. The lich chanted
three words and black tentacles burst from the floor around the
barbarian, tearing into his legs and dragging him to the ground. Criket
and her warder both rushed in but were repelled by the same barrier
that stopped Llyan's arrows. The lich-priest grasped out with his
clawed hand and made a fist in the air. Criket came off the ground,
crushed within a huge invisible hand. Loral heard Criket's bones
snapping as she floated in the air a few feet from the lich.
The Lich Priest

Kaylessa chanted her own spell. A tiny black ball formed in her hand.
It flew from the elven enchantress and smashed into the lich's
invisible barrier with the sound of shattered glass. Criket collapsed
into a heap on the ground. Stonehewer, understanding the significance
of what happened, rose and approached the small undead wizard. He cut
powerfully and the lich's decomposing head flew into the air followed
by a gyser of black sour blood.

Two days later the party sat outside the Wayfarer's Southern Ro camp.
Criket, now fully healed, sent her cat after Llyan who ran merrily in
wolf form. Juror and Kaylessa were speaking with one of the Wayfarers
while Stonehewer tried with frustration to polish off the black acidic
blood of the lich from his silver blade. Loral, a small black-skinned
journal in his hand, wrote of their adventure and his thoughts.

"I do not know what the Wayfarer's want, but I know that no evil such
as the liches of Deepest Guk should remain." Loral penned carefully.
"While their motivations are unknown the Wayfarer's instruction has
aided the forces of good. Perhaps I was wrong about them."



