From 6496891132126662235
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b1ae786c12a40bae
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-06 04:39:24 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newsswitch.lcs.mit.edu!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.104.MISMATCH!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3EB79EE5.25287CF3@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: newbie & Everquest extreme woes...
References: <ialebvcejrrj080tdcuk97422mhgclfsj8@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 117
Date: Tue, 06 May 2003 11:42:00 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.98
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1052221320 66.109.254.98 (Tue, 06 May 2003 07:42:00 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 06 May 2003 07:42:00 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:280681



FACELESS wrote:

> I've recenly started playing EQ, just so u get an idea of how recent i
> have a 5th warrior, and recently started a magician 1st lvl on the new
> server Stromm. so far i've found the game relatively boring as first
> off i can't really go anywhere, I've tried sneaking through the
> country side to no avail (just to sight see), secondly either im being
> ignored or ppl aren't recieving the msgs i type (which sucks, )
> thirdly from what i've read this game is geared to group adeventuring
> and seeing as even when ppl near me speak ( i can see there names
> above the char.) and respond (ie
>  "any one want to form a group of lvls 1 -4?"
> ME - "sure"
> person "___" (doesn't respond). Its frustrating, and no one has given
> me an answer as to why this is happening, tech support, ppl in the
> chatrooms usually ignore me as well, i mean what the hell, this sucks,
> am i destined to be a shadow within the game forever?
>
> As to questions as to why i chose everquest over other MMORPGs - well
> its big (the biggest as far as i can tell, in terms of actual world
> size, and i hoped there would be nice ppl in which to play with (so
> far i haven't convinced any RL friends to get the game (or for the one
> friend who bought the game - play) im not surprised he gave it up. All
> the problems that i've experienced are the reasons why i've NEVER
> played games online before (aside from a little bit of diablo 1 with
> some RL friends)

Its very rare to find a group under 6th level, most people are too busy
figuring out how to play their new character to worry about how to
interact with others as well.

Newbies like yourself are generally trepidatious about doing anything at
all, old players are generally just flying thru those first few levels
quickly using every trick they know.

That said, I know my 6 year old son finds groups at those levels all the
time; he likes to start new characters (has about 16 spread across many
servers) and play them for 4 or 5 levels.  What he does is play in the
classic newbie zones (there are lots of out of the way places to play in
sewers and so forth under most cities, but they rarely have anyone in
them) and invite anyone who isn't red to him.  I'd have sworn this was
offensive behavior, I know I personally refuse any invitation that wasn't
preceded by a conversation, but it works well for him, he groups about
half the time.

Despite what others have said about mages, he's done this with every
class.

I suppose its like walking up to every pretty girl you meet and asking
them to go on a date; most will turn you down flat, but if one in ten says
yes, you're a long way ahead of the guy that asks noone at all.

Other thoughts.

There are several ways to converse in EQ.  Some work better for some
purposes than others.

/ooc.  Short for "out of character", this tranmits to everyone in your
zone.  Intended for remarks that aren't in character, but generally used
for zonewide comments and conversation of all sorts.

/shout.  Does the same thing as /ooc, and hypothetically denotes "in
character" comments, but in practice is generally used to convey emergency
information or express anger.  If you wouldn't shout in real life, don't
use this, use /ooc instead.

/say.  The default if you don't use one of the other methods, this puts
messages out that anyone can read, but only if they are relatively close
to you.  I suspect this is what is happening when you talk and noone
responds to you; they can't "hear" what you are "saying".

/tell name.  This sends a message directly to the character called Name.
Substitute the actual name of the person you want to talk to.  This
message will only be "heard" by him, but will work regardless of range,
even if he's in another zone.  If there's someone you want to talk to,
this is often the best way to do so, using /ooc for "open" comments and
questions.  Can be abbreviated to /t.  /ttell sends a tell to your target,
which saves trying to spell his name.  /r sends a message back to whoever
last sent you a tell; this makes conversation via tell a lot simpler.

/group.  Once grouped with one or more people, putting /g in front of your
lines makes all conversation go to all members of your group regardless of
their location, and to noone else.  Caveat; if they are "zoning" they will
miss messages to group.  Tells get stored in a buffer which is delivered
to you after you complete zoning, but group conversation does not.

Even with all those communications skills, you will see a lot of people
ignoring low level characters.  This is a funny form of predjudice similar
to looking down on freshmen in high school.  They will also tend to react
differently to you based on your class, race, even gender.  Play several
different characters without "roleplaying", and you'll be amazed at how
differently people will respond to them.  I played a female high elf
cleric up to 49, and found it easy to get help doing whatever I wanted,
and found that people worked very hard to protect me in a group.  Then I
played a male dwarf cleric up to 65, and found that it was -far- easier to
get people to take me seriously and listen to my suggestions, even let me
lead groups or raids; most people had a very noticable tendancy to ignore
my female cleric on a tactical level, even as they paid her more attention
in terms of what her needs or wants were.

Similarly, my warrior tended to get treated as a tactical genius, asked
all sorts of questions about how to do things, where to go, how to kill
them, while my necromancer (when he could find a group at all) was treated
as an idiot with no clue about how to do anything, his suggestions were
routinely put down or ignored.  Eventually you can overcome a lot of this
sort of prejudice by playing repeatedly with the same general pool of
people, but you might be amazed at how much stock most people put into how
you look, knowing as they should that even if this were valid in "real
life" the person behind the keyboard probably is very little like the
character on the screen!

Bergh





