From 1515628522985605058
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,880a18db2282a235,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-25 12:17:47 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Sunghoi" <sink@pvp.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: What goes around, comes around
Date: Sun, 25 Nov 2001 13:21:21 -0800
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <u02kfa9cvifs02@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2615.200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 141
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:138278

My name is Sunghoi.  I play Rallos Zek.

"Paying WELL for a rez!!!!"

Babysitted the Iksar monk out of the entrance of Thurg.  He had no SoW.  He
had no Jboots.  He had nothing.  His corpse was in Crystal Caverns.

After buffing him up and convincing him that I could /follow, we headed off
at what felt to me like a slow walk.  He ran past a wolf that was green to
me but aggroed all the same.  He tells me to just ignore that one.  I sort
of laugh to myself.  What the Hell is this guy doing?  We continued to
"run".  The wolf was beating on me the entire way to the Eastern Wastes zone
area.

I turned around and waited for him to zone in.  We made a twisting run
through EW as he went the wrong way on countless occasions.  This seemed to
be his show so I allowed him to run it.  After all, he was paying "WELL".

I could not wait to see what we were going to do about the army of guards at
the Ry`Gorr camp.  I knew monks can't invis, and I knew clerics can't invis.
I laughed when he figured it all out after about 30 seconds staring at the
army of Ry`Gorr and Giants.

He started /shouting at everyone in the zone:

"SOMEONE COME TO THE FUCKING ENTRANCE OF THE FORT AND INVIS ME NOW"

"I really need an invis at the army fort!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

"PLEASSSEEEEEE COME CAST INVIS ON ME AT THE FORT!!!!!!"

I watched the replies that were not nearly as harsh as I would have
expected.  I could almost see him jumping up and down.  The boy without his
body.  The irrational emotions that go with it.  The uncertainty and
dissheveled feeling of failure and fear.  The uncomfortable nakedness.

I decided it was time to take over.  Time to let my skills lead this ball
game.  I told him to sit tight.  I was going to attempt to train the army to
the Coldain camp just a short ways off.  He did not understand this strategy
at first.  I am sure he thought it to be misguided suicide.  As I approached
my first giant, I checked my head.  What if they all ran at SoW speed?  What
if I died in the middle of EW doing a Rez for a well intentioned dead man?
I changed plans and told him so.  He said "BAH!"

I wondered to myself why he would say that when I knew he thought it was
suicide?  He could have cared less about me.  All he cared about was himself
and his corpse inside an area that he could not get to.  He had bile in the
back of his throat.  I could smell it and he acted like it.

My next bright idea came to me shortly after.  I figured it in my head.  I
am 52.  The cons are all blue to me and one even out of the 20 or so mobs
that are there.  I asked about the port area into Crystal Caverns.  I had
never hunted there or been there.  I came to the conclusion from what I had
read and what he told me, that the crystal port into CC was a "Can't miss
it" sort of thing.

I did not even bother to check my buffs.  I should have had every possible
buff on that I could, but I did not.

The iksar said it was the most "incredible", "awesome", "unbelievable" thing
he had ever seen in the game.  I ran up to the front gate and casted Divine
Aura.  I blasted through the gate and every single mob in the army came.  I
ran right past 3-4 more elite guards, then 3-4 more.  Everything came.

I saw the gated area and the iron door that blocked my way to clicking on
the crystal.  I clicked on the iron door as more Ry`Gorrs aggroed.  I got
half way to the crystal and Divine Aura faded.  The pounding began and I got
close to the crystal.  My 1700HP was dropping as I spun, stunned, in a
complete circle.  My eyes were on the spinning, looking for the crystal.
When it came around I clicked it and  >>LOADING, PLEASE WAIT<<

I had made it.  I had a mere 19HP left when I zoned into Cryatal Caverns.
My partner got himself an invis, and he was zoning in.  Of course his body
was clear down in the city area.  No way I could get there.  Of course, even
after all that I had gone through already, he wanted me to just start
running in to get to his body.  I explained to him that it was not an
option.  He was to get the body to me or there would be no rezzing.

After about 15 minutes of dragging his corpse around, he finally made it to
me.  I stood up, got the rez fired, sat down and medded, and stood up for a
hero when he arrived.  Was he happy?  Indeed he was.  He was very happy.  I
sat down and watched him as he sat down.

OK.  So here we sit.  I was ready to be paid "WELL".  He asked for more
buffs.  I buffed him up with AoF, mag, fire, cold, poison, and disease.  We
sat some more.  He wanted a symbol.  I was starting to tightenen a bit.  I
told him I was out of cheap reagents and that I only had 2 Peridots left.
He wanted to know how much the Peridots were.  I told him.  He said he had
about 15pp worth of crap on him.  I said, "LOL, hmmm... oookkk." (The point
being that I was almost out of peridots )

He began to fill up my trade window with absolute crap items.  I took the
items and casted a bloody Naltron on him.  He was happy.  We sat there and I
knew he was going to bail on paying me in any sort of way.  At that point, I
cared less for this asshole.  Weather he knew he was an asshole or not did
not matter to me.  He waved and sort of left slowly... creeping along until
he was out of sight.

What a bastard I thought to myself.  I could not even send him a tell.  I
could not say anything.

I ran through two large zones at his walking pace, got aggroed by a wolf
that was of no matter to him, sat around and listened to him shout at the
zone, in a daring attempt lost all but a few of my HP, spent more time
dealing with the dragging, lost a peridot casting a Naltron for probably
nothing, filled almost all of my remaining pack slots with shit for items.

So there I sat.  I wondered what I wanted to learn from the ordeal.  Not a
good idea having enemies on Rallos Zek when I am approaching 60.  I
pontificated a little more until he shot me a tell.

"HAHA - I JUST LOOTED A PERIDOT : )"

I knew one thing, this guy had no clue at all.  Unconcious.

I toggled the Gate hotkey and zoned back into GD at the ent to Thurg.  I saw
a person I am familiar with shout to the zone:

"I need a rez so bad. It is urgent!!!  Please!"

I have purchased many ports before.  On numerous occasions I have shouted
for a port, this particular person always replies to the zone:

"Ports for 100pp"

I gave her a tell.  The rez would be 400pp.  She responded incredulously.  I
said:  "Yea?  Go to Hell? - That is what I have to say to you and your 100pp
port greed bitch.  /ignore"

What goes around, comes around


Sunghoi










