From 2099318361259556353
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,56554cf6cf51641f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-23 16:50:45 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!arclight.uoregon.edu!enews.sgi.com!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews3
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: a.g.e Quotes
Date: Thu, 23 Jan 2003 18:26:06 -0600
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 144
Message-ID: <b0q13801d98@enews3.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-986.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:260428

Was thinking of making up an a.g.e "Quotes" file, encapsulating everyone's
favorite quotes from this newsgroup.

Here's a couple of samples:

As long as we're offering him advice, we could add this: Instead of taking
up tailoring, get a ball peen hammer and whack yourself on the head every 15
minutes. Over all, it's certainly less painful, and very probably more
productive.

-- Lokari, Aug 6 2002.


(Ed note:  The following arose in a discussion about Twinking, and analogies
to other games like Monopoly.  Not exactly on-topic, but it sure made me
laugh when I read it.)

> Actually I know a little something about the game Monopoly.
> I believe that in the original Parker Brother game rules, As
> the banker, you are allowed to 'cheat' by taking money from
> the bank.

You'll have to excuse me if this sounds like something that someone who was
the banker told you...  :-0

> It's up to the other players to stop the banker from doing so.

How do you go about doing this... kill him?

-- bizbee, April 30 2001.


(Discussion on changes to EQ, like removing the book while medding, no XP
loss for death until level 10, etc.  This isn't so much screamingly funny as
an amusing observation.)

> Making the game easier dumbs it down. The degree you do it to
> will determine how much it get's dumbed down. These three
> changes discussed above, to me, are too much dumbing down
> already.

So do you think that those three changes will allow dumber people to be
successful at a game that can already be mastered by people 14 years old?
The buddy that got me into EQ once had an eight year old come into his comic
shop, and when he saw my buddy playing EQ said "I play that game! My
character can fly!" He'd levelled his druid up to the point where he got
Levitate. An interesting post on a messageboard for one of my server's
top-tier guilds was from someone with a 51 cleric and a 57 shaman who wanted
to join them. He could be on a lot, except when he had his grade 9 varsity
football practices or games. This is the SAME cleric I once saw /auctioning
for a husband in EC, saying he was "polite and quiet". The bar's already on
the floor, you'd need to dig a basement for it to go any lower.

-- James Grahame, March 18 2002



(Discussion about "racism" inherent in role-playing, i.e. humans hate
trolls, etc.)

> Actually, my view is I would like to see a world without the hate and
> prejudice.

Which "world without hate and prejudice" scenario would that be?

"The Oversize Meteor and Ensuing Ice Age World Without Hate and Prejudice
Scenario"

Or the:

"The Multiple Pan Epidemic and Cockroach Ascendency World Without Hate and
Prejudice Scenario"

-- Arakai, July 30 2001


Anyone else have any more they'd like to add?

As a bonus, I decided to peruse my own history on a.g.e.  Here's my very
first post, dated March 14, 2001, in a thread labeled "Excuses, excuses":

Well, here are mine.  This is from my recent self-inflicted quest.  Bored
with Qeynos and BB and the Karanas, I decided to take my Cleric to the Field
of Bone in Kunark, after reading about how great it is for powerleveling
clerics.  Keep in mind I'm a newbie.  So I went to Freeport, then to
Timorous Deep, then to the Overthere, then to Warsliks Wood, back to
Freeport, back to Timorous Deep, to Firiona Vie, the Swamp of No Hope, and
(finally) the Field of Bone.  The following are my experiences, most of
which fall under the heading of "famous last words":

"Are Orc Warriors as easy to kill as Orc Pawns?"

"Kithicor sure looks pretty at night."

"Hey!  That shuttle is heading towards the boat and mine isn't!  Wait for
me!"  <runjumpSPLASH>

"To avoid the Ogre Raiders, all I need to do is jump onto the raft, then
turn and fire my spells at them."

"It should be easy to get into Cabilis.  The guards have no reason to hate
me, after all."

"Firiona Vie's an easy zone to cross, right?"

"Firiona Vie's an easy zone to cross if you avoid the Frogloks, right?"

"Firiona Vie's an easy zone to cross if you avoid the Frogloks and the
Drachnids, right?"

"Firiona Vie's an easy zone to cross if you avoid the Frogloks, Drachnids,
and Goblins, right?"

"Firiona Vie's an easy zone to cross if you avoid the Frogloks, Drachnids,
Goblins, and Vekis, right?"

"Lost levels are easy to recover in Firiona Vie, right?"

"If I kill enough Iksar Bandits, I should be able to sell to Iksar
merchants."

"Are Burynai social creatures?"

I died a total of five times just trying to cross FV.  I've learned many
valuable lessons along the way, and I'm certain I'll learn others as I
progress.  :)

-Richard
Level 10 Cleric on Drinal


Ah, that takes me back...

Anyway, if you have any of your own "favorite quotes", post them here and
I'll coallate them into one file.

-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
High Priest of Rodcet Nife
Winter's Light
Drinal server




