From -6727491189092229524
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,423fbc2b4b8ccc97,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-12 10:35:52 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!nntp1.phx1.gblx.net!nntp.gblx.net!nntp.gblx.net!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews4
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: High-End Cleric Breastplates - Advice wanted
Date: Wed, 12 Nov 2003 12:14:37 -0600
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 113
Message-ID: <bottab022f3@enews4.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-111.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7033

Interested from opinions of people in high-end guilds on the whole
Breastplate issue.

The week before I joined my current guild, I was in a pickup Halls of
Testing raid.  For the first time in my experience, a breastplate dropped.
The raid leader list-rolled it, and to my great surprise I won.  Happily I
got the gems and did the turn-in and got Akkirus' Chestplate of the Risen:
AC 50  HP 50 Mana 90 Sta 9 Agi 5 Wis 15, +8 or +9 saves on all resists.  A
darned good breastplate at the time.  It has a useless right-click effect of
Mark of Karn, but that's all right.

I then joined Winter's Light, which eventually merged with another guild to
become Silent Tempest.  During the past year we went from Ssra raids to Vex
Thal to the Planes of Power, finally culminating in getting access to Time.
I've gotten many uber pieces of equipment, and overall I'm pretty happy.
Except for one item:  my breastplate, which is currently my biggest weakness
by far.  Heck, my helm and boots have as much AC, and every single item I
have has more HP and Mana.

In my entire year, I've had exactly two chances to go in on a breastplate.
One was when an Ornate Breastplate Mold dropped in one of the Halls of Honor
trials.  I went in even though it was only a marginal upgrade and lost to a
paladin.  The second was last week, when a Chestguard of Enchanted Marble
dropped off of the Avatar or Earth.  I went in - along with just about the
entire plate-wearing portion of my guild - and lost to a shadowknight.

Those have been my only two opportunities.  In all our time farming Vex
Thal, the Mail of Judgment never dropped.  I was only a recruit when we did
the Burrower Parasite, whose tunic isn't any better than my Skyshrine - I
actually lose 40 mana - except it has a good effect:  FT5.

I checked out the PoP crafted armor, and they wouldn't be too bad if the
darned drops weren't so rare and difficult to farm.  Have any idea how many
Metallic Substances it takes to even *attempt* to make an Inferno
Breastplate?  Five.  Know how rare they are?  Very.  Stats?  AC 65 HP 50
Mana 120  Sta 5 Agi 12 Dex 12 Wis 10 Int 10 Save versus cold 25.  Fifteen
more AC and thirty more mana.  Definitely not worth the effort.

My other options?  Well, we try to kill Seru whenever he's up after raids.
The problem is that our server's alliance of Asian guilds pretty much has
Seru locked down - they know his spawn time and are usually waiting in his
room when he appears.  We've only gotten him a very few times - and he's
never dropped his breastplate.  It's like Vex Thal all over again.

We probably won't farm the Rathe a whole lot, so I'm gonna guess I won't be
able to put my name in on too many Chestplates of Enchanted Marble.  So
what's left is Time breastplate molds.  Now these are very good AC 87 HP 185
Mana 200 Str 10 Agi 20 Dex 25  Wis 30  Cha 15 All saves +20.  Okay, the
effect isn't great - Marr's Blessing, a 30% bonus on healing.  I already
have two items with Marr's Gift, a 25% bonus, and none of these bonuses
affect Complete Heal, which is the spell I cast most of the time.  Still,
the rest of the stats are *huge* upgrades over my current breastplate.

Alas, it appears that my guild is going to reserve these molds for warriors.
See, the warrior breastplate has an effect that increases hate, which is
something warriors can't get on any other item.  I got into a friendly
debate with one of my guild's officers last night about this.  I argued that
by the time we get to Phase Five of Time - where these molds will first
drop - we shouldn't be having problems with keeping aggro on our warriors.
If we do, we won't even *get* to Phase Five.  His response is that anything
that increases hate for our warriors also increases our margin for error in
raids.  Also, as other classes get better Time weapons that will increase
the hate they generate, warriors will be hard-pressed to keep up.
Furthermore, if warriors can hold aggro better, then casters can nuke more.

These are all compelling arguments, but I find them difficult to accept.
It's hard for me to see warriors replacing Great Shadow Platemail with Time
breastplates while I still have *Velious* armor.  Clerics continually get
passed over for breastplate upgrades (the three Chestplates of Enchanted
Marble have gone to a warrior and two shadowknights), leaving us falling
further and further behind on an important slot.  I'm not alone on this...
another cleric who has been with the guild two years longer than I have also
has a Skyshrine breastplate.

So, here's my question:   Do you think the Redskins have a chance at the
Super Bowl?

(wonders if anyone will get the allusion)

No, here's my real question:  What do your guilds do about equipping clerics
with breastplates?  What's your policy on Time breastplates?  How many of
your clerics still have Velious or mid-level Luclin breastplates?

My current plan is to try to grind out a Royal Attendant Breastplate from
the Tak LDoN camp.  It requires around 30 successful normal adventures, or
15 successful hard adventures.  That stats are not too shabby:  AC 69 HP 100
Mana 100 Sta 13 Cha 11 Wis 10 Int 10 Save versus cold fire magic +12.  And I
can augment it in three distinct slots.  Maybe add a +40 Mana augment, bump
that up to Mana 140.  Add a FT2 augment, too.  Plus one other
stat-enchancing augment - maybe bump up a couple of the resists, I dunno.
That wouldn't be too bad a Breastplate.  I'd have to live and breath LDoN
for a while, though.  It would probably take me weeks to get it all - but
I'd have a definite improvement over my Skyshrine breastplate.

Or I could just try and wait patiently for a Time breastplate.  Eventually.

I dunno, kinda torn here.  What do y'all think?


-- 
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Archon of Rodcet Nife
Silent Tempest

Marrtuk
Cavalier of Mithaniel Marr

Drinal server





