From -13004621998821408
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b087bd68999351bd
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!newsrout1.ntli.net!news-in.ntli.net!kibo.news.demon.net!news.demon.co.uk!demon!not-for-mail
From: Moopy <pingu@keg.zymurgy.org>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: My analysis of where GoD went wrong.
Date: Fri, 28 May 2004 16:21:08 +0000 (UTC)
Lines: 69
Message-ID: <slrncbepnk.2h1s.pingu@keg.zymurgy.org>
References: <c958mm09uo@news4.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: keg.zymurgy.org
X-Trace: news.demon.co.uk 1085761268 7137 194.159.247.77 (28 May 2004 16:21:08 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: abuse@demon.net
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 28 May 2004 16:21:08 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.8.0 (FreeBSD)
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:4006

On 2004-05-27, Richard Lawson <nouma@msn.com> wrote:
> Well, while I still play EQ and continue to keep playing for a long while,
> my interest has definitely waned.  One of my guildleaders will be going to
> San Diego to talk with Smedly about EQ.  I posted this on my guild forums
> and thought I'd post it here, too.  This is what I think SOE did wrong with
> GoD.

I think its much simpler than that, although I agree with some of
your summaries of 'broken game mechanics'. I think the EQ devs and
executives have simply forgotten what EQ is and what made it great.

EQ is not a franchise, or a sequel, or a novel in computer game form.

The big deal with EQ is that EQ is not produced by SOE. This sucks
for them, as they dont make the content that can be marketted and
franchised, but *no* computer game is going to remain interesting
for five years. The *content* of EQ is , and always has been, the
other players. People play EQ for the little stories *they* create,
the relationships they build, the people they interact with. EQ
is, or was, a multiplayer *world* which provided an arena for you
to play makebelieve in and explore. 

Brutal as the vision was, the core of it - that of class interdependance,
forcing you to meet and greet - helped enhance this. Luclin, POP, GOD
have *completely missed the point* of EQ and have tried to provide 
straight jacketed storyline 'content' that you must experience in
order to understand, that is just another poorly implemented multiplayer
game, *all of which* die after a year or so of release.

The game mechanics just arent that interesting. In the name of cutting
back CS, of increasing the game world, of reducing downtime they have
made a world where the entirity of the game is a pavlovian button
mashing excercise, where you login, meet 6 people who dont talk, clear
an instanced dungeon with nobody else in it, or raid instanced content
with nobody to compete for it.

Guild competition was brutal. Killstealing and camp checks were awful. But
they forced *interaction* with people, rivalries and friendships, support
and stories, a feeling of engagement and giving a shit about the world
and your place in it. I am not suggesting the entire server packed into
Guk and solB was good, but I think velious had it about right, personally.

Open ended content where you could decide how you'd play it, a gulf in
power between 'uber raiders' and 'casual explorers' that rewarded the
raiders but didnt not completely stratify the server population and a 
world small enough you still bumped into and met people. Now the world
is so large vast parts of it are barren wasteland, the zones so specialised
nobody in their right mind would play outside a few super high XP bonus
zones, and the flagging and ldon points system so rigid that to 'progress'
the game really needs to be played in only a few ways.

Its a sad fading of a brilliant world, an environment, to a lacklustre
video game, in my opinion. Bring back more GM's, stop adding new zones
and start revamping old ones, introduce dynamic content and for gods
sakes get rid of this ridiculous disparity in player power, zone desirability
and linear gameplay. Remember the world is something to be explored and
enjoyed, the content a backdrop for the players to storytell and engage
in.

You had a real scam going SOE - 10 bucks a month for other people to
entertain each other and provide the content you charged them for - and
you fucked it up with executive decisions that understood nothing of what
made EQ magical and saw only a captive audience and franchising oppurtunities.

I realise this has now turned into an almost entirely incohate rant, but
hey. I guess now you're finding the audience isnt as captive as all that.

Matt



