From -7233820260078793404
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ea79b4f5e4567f8f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-10-25 12:09:58 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!snoopy.risq.qc.ca!newsfeed.news2me.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!news.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 25 Oct 2002 14:09:55 -0500
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Subject: Re: Patch oCt 25 messge
References: <apb96o$ueu$1@newsg4.svr.pol.co.uk>
Organization: Institute of Lawsonomy, Department of Suction and Pressure
Message-ID: <slrnarj5o2.se5.reply_in_group@tzs.net>
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.7.4 (Linux)
Cache-Post-Path: tzs.net!unknown@tzs.net
X-Cache: nntpcache 3.0.1 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
Date: Fri, 25 Oct 2002 14:09:56 -0500
Lines: 72
X-Trace: sv3-XXjFQyKOFizptiAAc61CCVURlMPTPDG1v/BYETyrkL39nANQExbtE3UdcDLwzQ0BWwuOErTpyu70nEo!c4t0StTZasax56NNWMSACHgPfrGNFq8ZgTCup5y2Ip9+fdB6tnBro0+71wgCKYoSa4S2GJJWJ3+k!dnW9kXoBE8cMcQ==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:241250

In article <apb96o$ueu$1@newsg4.svr.pol.co.uk>, Adam wrote:
> - Fixed a bug that was allowing players without Planes of Power to be
> invited to /raids

This is where I think Verant is heading in the wrong direction.  It seems to
me that the following are reasonable things to put in an MMORPG expansion.

1. New areas.  Available only to people with the expansion.

2. New races.  Available to play only to people with the expansion.  New
races should start in the new areas.  If a new race can start in an old
area, people without the expansion should be able to play it.

3. New classes.  Similar to new races.

4. New items.  Whether or not you can use an item should not directly depend
on whether or not you have an expansion.  It's OK to have NO DROP items that
drop only in the new areas, though, which would in effect limit them to
people with the expansion.

5. New levels.  These can be limited to people with the expansion.  Old
areas should not be revamped to have a lot of content that requires the new
levels (at least, right away...after the expansion has been out for a few
months, and nearly everyone has it--revamp away!).

6. New skills and spells.  These should not be directly tied to the
expansion.  E.g., if the expansion introduces a new low level spell or
skill, it should be available to all (but see #4...it may be hard or
impossible to obtain without going to the new areas).  Spells and abilities
that they want to keep away from the non-expansion players should be made
part of the new levels.

7. Quests.  It's OK for quests that start in the old areas to require going
to the new areas.  There should be some way to reasonably tell very early
(like, when you get the quest) that this will be required, though.

It seems to me that there are also things that are OK to introduce with an
expansion, but that should be a free patch to everyone:

A. Game mechanics fixes and enhancements.

B. User interface fixes and enhancements.

Basically, any two people playing the game should be playing essentially the
*same* game, even if they don't have the same expansions installed.  The
raid stuff falls under both A (since it changes the way the XP system works)
and B (since it changes the way people communicate).

I remember seeing two kinds of companies back in the first home video game
boom.  I was working as a junior programmer, fresh out of school, at the
company the designed the Mattel Intellivision for Mattel and programmed the
early games.  Except for the guy who ran the company, everyone there was
focused on making great games, without much of a thought of whether it was
the best thing to do from a money-making point of view.  The company did
well because the guy who ran it was both a brilliant game designer and a
good businessman, so he could gently make sure things went in directions
that made money.  This is one kind of company.

The other kind of company jumped into the market because it was booming.
They were there to make money.  The games were secondary.  Figure out what
would sell the most right now (e.g., catch whatever fads you could), and get
something out the door.  Their games sucked, but the public ate them up--for
a while, then became dissatisified with blowing good money on games that
sucked, and stopped buying, and the whole freaking market collapsed.

Companies that start out like the first kind can transform into the second
kind, if they get successful.  I fear Verant may be going down that road,
with things like Legends, and the raid stuff, and the new UI that was in
Velious (although they did eventually make that free to everyone, I
think...a good sign, and the current skinnable UI is also a very good sign).

--Tim Smith


