From -1219497553166472574
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,13a424804925f992,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-04-21 12:27:32 PST
Path: newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!paloalto-snf1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!enews.sgi.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.nj.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Eric San Juan" <shoegaze99@usa.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Luclin will begin in Odus
Lines: 71
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Message-ID: <DalE6.51801$C55.4805843@news1.rdc1.nj.home.com>
Date: Sat, 21 Apr 2001 19:27:31 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.23.28.75
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.nj.home.com 987881251 24.23.28.75 (Sat, 21 Apr 2001 12:27:31 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 21 Apr 2001 12:27:31 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: newsfeed.google.com alt.games.everquest:67629

My ranger grew bored in the Karanas recently and decided to poke around Odus
in greater depth than he had before, including a trip to The Warrens. It was
on Odus that a theory occurred to me ... the entrance and/or means of
passage to Luclin will be on Odus. I have several reasons to believe this.

First is the obvious one. Kerrans live on Odus. In speaking to them, it
seems they've lived in Odus for quite some time, longer than the Erudites,
whom they are at war with. They were once a great and powerful race with
mighty accomplishments and a thriving society. Kerrans, as it has been
revealed, will also call Luclin their home. Of course, they're called Vah
Shir there.

Also on Odus is The Warrens. Within these caves are cat people taken
prisoner called Kejekan. These cat people also talk of their mighty
ancestors, and hint about a day in which they "return." Here is what they
say: "Alas, we are a dying people. The prejudices created by our Kerran
cousins and the kobolds that slay our young in our homeland are taking their
toll. We are dying faster than our spirits can be reborn and our mortal
forms may perish soon if our ancestors do not return and the pointless
kerran versus erudite war does not cease"

Return from where? Why would their ancestors have left? Were they related to
the Kerrans, who went to war with the Erudites? And if so, were the Kerrans
not as slaughtered as thought, but instead did many of them flee?

According to Falthrik Lothoro on Kerra Isle, the first Kerran, presumably
their god, was called Kejaan. Just to add to this all.

Now, the gnome-invents-something-and-finds-new-land deal has been done
before. Would a gnomish rocketship feel out of place in Norrath? I think so.
We must assume it will be some sort of magic that brings us to Luclin, not
technology. If Kerrans once lived on Odus but left due to war, one might
think their means of leaving - portal, spell, whatever - might still be on
Odus, hidden among the Kerrans. I plan on returning and asking around about
Luclin.

Also, take Verant's recent interest in making the continent more playable.
Paineel was added, followed by The Hole. More recently, The Warrens were
thrown in (a *great* zone, by the way), with the Stonebrunt Mountains to
follow around the summer. Plenty of attention to a once overlooked place.
Setting things up to make it a usable lace to adventure with the knowledge
of a forthcoming expansion from their?

In addition, both prior expansions were only accessible from the eastern
part of Antonica. Those in the west must go east to get to Kunark or
Velious, save via teleport, making the west even more sparsely populated
than it already was. Time for attention east? Maybe so.

Plus, it seems as if the next major world event, the opening of
Decay/Disease, will take place in and around Qeynos and the Karanas. (wish I
still had the link to that brilliant web synopsis of all the events from
Bloody Kithicor up until now ... fascinating stuff) Could that event have a
tie to the "discovery" of Luclin? Or will the "return" of the
Kejekan/Kerran's ancestors have anything to do with it?

In the discussion I cite just above, apparently there is talk by some NPCs
in Erudin about worries regarding impending war and a plan to stop a bridge
between the continents from being built. There has also been the appearance
of Erudian Emissaries around the Qeynos area, as well as on Odus. These are,
apparently, dark elves in disguise. (I have not verified this first hand)
They are somehow tied into the Loathsome Individuals, who are tied into the
whole green mist and Decay thing ... too long a story to go into here. I
will post it in a separate thread for those who want to read it. My point
it, Erudin is now a part of this particular event. So will this event tie
into Luclin.

There you have it. That's some of why I believe the path to Luclin will fall
on Odus. I am by no means a loremaster of Norrath, so if anybody has
anything to poke holes in this or add to this, by all means, post away.




