From -1488076763596183113
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cb906895d04d9e11,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 10 Oct 2004 05:12:57 -0500
Date: Sun, 10 Oct 2004 06:12:56 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Should No Drop be Tributeable?
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <xP-dncn2bdq0lvTcRVn-rQ@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 57
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.249.34
X-Trace: sv3-ZmNiz0SFcDs7N2svhXYSwVUbYlY5XYeSK9d9bZIjWiMm/azBpx0YKJewQXvXm+nzti698IAyyySAhfp!uAYGcpNqqTnqUmdh7OZUBqlBN6aQ8fMqS82qA9PsMUBrWR+OCy2oxd44nc6emPY5FZQBl4ITkXw=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.19
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:19018

Got to wondering about this in another thread.

No Drop gear is inherantly annoying; you can't sell it, you can't pass 
it on to someone else who could use it, or to an alt.

When you upgrade a piece of gear, your old No Drop stuff either gets 
banked (if it has different properties that might make it preferable 
under some circumstances, or for sentimental reasons) or destroyed (if 
that one more bank slot is more valuable to you than holding onto that 
now superceded item)

And with the large number of classes in the game (not to mention the 
race and religion restrictions), much of the No Drop gear that drops 
outside a raid will turn out to be unusable by anyone in the party.

Worse, you often see No Drop gear on raids and the like which isn't an 
upgrade to anyone there, even though the larger number of people present 
make it more likely that someone could technically use it.

When I read about Tribute, I thought here was a perfect solution; now 
every piece of gear would have -some- value, because at least instead of 
destroying it or letting it rot, you could turn it into a sort of fuel 
for temporary added power.

I didn't feel this way about Guild Tribute, because I already knew it 
didn't work for No Drop stuff... but I feel even more so that it 
-should- have that value; there should be someone designated to loot all 
the Grats Rot gear, and handing it in for guild tribute.

What is the down side of this?  People ending up farming No Drop gear to 
buy tribute with?  Well they currently do the same thing, or could, with 
droppables, and in fact if they hunt mainly in places with No Drop loot, 
end up having to go "slumming" in order to get tribute loot; this would 
allow them to spread out more.

The model I can think of for this idea is the old Planar armor; class 
specific drops from Hate and Fear, which you can turn in in POK for exp 
and a random gem; you can turn that specific No Drop stuff into 
something of value, whether you are discarding stuff you no longer use 
or whether you are just looting stuff nobody sees as an upgrade and 
turning it into value.

Quoting myself from the "No Drop Server" thread: I'm irritated, 
actually, that any no drop items aren't tributable.  I suppose it makes 
sense from an RP standpoint, if you assume tribute is going to be 
recycled by the priesthood.  But from a gameplay standpoint it sucks. 
And if you really believe tribute is going to the Gods, then a little 
thing like a No Drop tag shouldn't stop them from appreciating your 
sacrifice.

Since Planar Armor can be handed in for that reward, we've already 
established that No Drop doesn't automatically preclude something from 
being turned in (which of course was already true with a lot of No Drop 
quest stuff... but this example is one much better suited to showing 
this sort of answer to outmoded gear can and is used already)

Grage


