From 6812251975334558214
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,40ee231e12baf8e,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-12 04:09:22 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: The Idol of Rallos Zek...
Date: Mon, 12 Aug 2002 07:08:38 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3D579736.E952C1B4@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 79
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:222163

... is a serious bitch on wheels and is buggy as all get out.

Needing a break from other stuff that had been driving the guild nuts, I
took a raid into Kael yesterday. It was supposed to just be two or three
groups going in to bolster up faction, blow off steam, and have some
fun. If any quest armor pieces dropped, great. If not, great too. Just
have some enjoyment, ya know?

Well, some friends of ours in two larger guilds saw our post on the
guild boards about it and asked if they could come along. (They had
recently trashed their CoV faction yet again and wanted to patch it up a
bit.)

Pretty soon I've got an unwieldy mass of seven groups and we're in the
Arena. But it's no problem. People are totally disorganized, barely
following the MA's instructions, but mostly everyone is just joking and
having a good time. We have a 60 monk pulling, and warlords as MA, SA,
and Tank Mezzer. Tons of melee backing them up and a batallion of
shaman. The giants never had a chance.

This crowd is clearing them out too fast. Pretty soon we're pulling the
PoZ and they go down nicely. The faction hits are rolling in at a rate
where I'm pretty sure even the first timers are non-KOS to the dragons
now. (One of our goals for the day.)

Then we pull the Guardian. A bit touger fight and we lose the MA, but he
drops, some fair loot is had, and everyone is happy. We rez the couple
of dead we had, and by now local pops are up. We start clearing the
little ones out of our corner when........

"Local pop is up over....... huh? WHAT THE FUCK IS THAT?"
(The next line really should have been, "That's not a moon. That's a
SPACE STATION!")

The Idol of Rallos Zek either spawned or warped without warning into the
corner and appeared right in the midst of all of our seated casters.
He's apparently not a fan of casters sitting around on their asses, and
evidenced his displeasure quickly. I had time to type the line "MA
SWITCH TO IDOL..." when I suddenly died. Scrolling back, having done not
so much as lift a finger, I was quadded for 1100, 1100, 650, and 1100. I
never got off a spell.

Can we say OVERKILL Asshole? I'm a fiftytwo wizard. Housecats have more
hit points than me. What the fuck were you thinking?

We managed to get one of the epic clerics camped out and two monks
feigned, but the raid was wiped out in, conservatively, less than two
minutes.

Important lesson number two. If one of your feigned monks stands back
up, the Idol will come gleefully dashing back over and kill anyone who
camped back in, along with the monk.

Fortunately, we were then able to /q the other monk when the coast was
clear, camp in and rez the raid back in short order. (Thank the gods for
dual click sticks.)

The pulling monk (friend of ours who's in a raiding guild) told me
"Dont' bother petitioning. That's about the fifth time I've seen that
happen, and the Guides haven't a clue as to why."

It wasn't like somebody was near him and aggro'd him at the time he
appeared. It had been easily five minutes since anyone had even been
near the PoZ area. Even if it was lazy aggro, how would he decide to
just *suddenly* "pop in for a visit" and smear my entire raid force?

Well, there's one statue ass bastard who just made my list for a well
deserved ass kicking when I get a lot more 60's in my guild.

Cool graphic on the mob, though. ;-)

-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"As long as we're offering him advice, we could add this: Instead of
taking up tailoring, get a ball peen hammer and whack yourself on the
head every 15 minutes. Over all, it's certainly less painful, and very
probably more productive."
-- Lokari


