From -8115665421181523103
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,417396b902e34f7d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-21 18:56:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <anniebenlen@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Discord Fun.. Or is it?
Date: Sun, 21 Dec 2003 20:56:13 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <3FE65D4D.D7755280@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 53
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:12814


    I had no real plans to play on the Fallen when I heard about the ruleset. 
As I've said before, I am not a PvP type of girl.  But when it actually became
available I couldn't resist.  I've been focused pretty steadily on Teapray for a
while, after most of my EQ time spent flitting around from alt to alt with no
real main.  Besides, the server rules were intriguing.

    I played a couple of characters there, an ogre shaman and a half-elf
ranger.  I actually got the shaman up to Level 2.  It was oddly interesting to
play on that server.  The /ooc chatter, for example.  I think I heard more
profanity, bitching, and childish whining ("Stop killstealing me you
cocksucker!) in the first hour than I've seen in all my time on FV.  Even more
interesting, I find myself actually paying close attention to every fight,
rather than just going into a sort of bash-the-bat autopilot.  Every battle
could lost me everything I've gained up to that point, which admittedly wasn't
much, but still.  In a very real way, I was recapturing some of the feeling I
had when I new to Everquest, when I felt a real sense of adventure and even a
thrill of fear with each fight.

   That said, I couldn't get into any of my characters, not even a little bit. 
I knew that if I ever beat the hard-core rules to get to level six, I would be
obliged to enter the realm of PvP.  And I have absolutely no desire to do that. 
I know that I just wouldn't be any good at it.  And there is something just
unappealing in the thought of being a woman who is almost forty, who owns her
own house and has a job and a refrigerator with an ice maker, being owned by a
thirteen year old who is pissed off that he failed his last history test.  And
even if I were to somehow not get humiliated post age 6, well, what then?  I
know, with certainty, that I will not be one of the six "winners".  The server
will only last for about a month, then poof.  If my fellow players don't kill of
discord.teaxxxx, the SOE certainly will.  And I just cannot get into a character
that is utterly doomed.

   I wish SoE would do a server that was like this.  Keep the hard core rule. 
Keep the one character rule.   Lose the PvP.  Make everything useful dropped  by
a mob no drop (but still sellable to vendors).  Lose the whole "the server is
temporary" thing.  Oh, and let us have all the expansions.  I have to admit I
miss the Plane of knowledge.  I wonder how popular this sort of server would be?

--
Annie

To join the alt.games.everquest chat channel type /join serverwide.age:age 
If you want to stayed joined, then after that type /autojoin serverwide.age:age

Currently playing:
Teapray-- 48 High Elf Cleric on Firiona Vie

Teamort-- 16 Dark Elf Necromancer of Lanys T'vyl

Lentea-- 33 Ogre Beastlord On Firiona Vie

--
If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


