From 937361355788193231
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,326bd051da133b36,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-13 11:13:19 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!feeder.via.net!news.he.net!news.keyway.net!not-for-mail
From: "John Smith" <someone@microsoft.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: In response to: http://boards.station.sony.com/ubb/everquest/Forum1/HTML/000210.html
Date: Wed, 13 Jun 2001 11:08:57 -0700
Organization: Keyway Internet Services www.keyway.net
Lines: 120
Message-ID: <9g8atb$1c46$1@madmax.keyway.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: weboffice.cybertime.net
X-Trace: madmax.keyway.net 992456428 45190 207.155.11.15 (13 Jun 2001 18:20:28 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: hostmaster@keyway.net
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 13 Jun 2001 18:20:28 +0000 (UTC)
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2014.211
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2014.211
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:85178

In response to:
http://boards.station.sony.com/ubb/everquest/Forum1/HTML/000210.html

"This really is the key here, guys. These encounters were designed for 60 or
so players, and you were doing pretty well with 28 or so. Couple that with
the fact that these encounters hadn't really been done before and are still
very exotic (you guys knew this, which is why you were all so very excited
to do this -- bragging rights, and such). This is why the punishment was as
extreme as it was: multiple exploits used to prevail over some of the most
exotic encounters in the game that are attempted VERY rarely. And it remains
our opinion that exploiting these types of encounters severely cheapens the
game experience for others. So we came down pretty hard on you all."

You know, if this was the difference between a mugging, and a mugging and
assault, I would agree with you.  However, this is the first incident on
this issue AND it is by a group of people who had (by and large) NEVER been
warned before.  So to WARN everyone else, you disband a guild.  That smacks
of Cruel and Unusual Punishment to me, and I hope they file a class action
law suit against you.  Varant is DEVALUING and EXPLOITING the time and
trouble of every player who chooses to take the game to its limits.  Look at
ANY sport today, and look at the same sport fifty years ago.  Look at when
the Fighting Irish made the pass a major tactic against the Army and changed
football forever.  Was this an exploit?  YES!  Was their team banned?  NO!
Why?  Because pushing GAMES to the limit is part of our CULTURE and HISTORY.
If you were a bank, I would have another opinion.  Now, if you want to make
a 0 tolerance server where exploiting is not allowed, then make a RP server.
Or, make a server where exploiting is allowed and do a /movelog to it.  See
who goes.

EverQuest has TOO MANY BUGS, especially the pathing.  There are dozens of
new competitors coming out in the market, and all it takes is for one of
them to solve the issues before they go live.  A perceived improvement could
result in people flocking away from you.  In your fear of losing L60 players
you have developed Lucin.  A new toy for the old boys.  I think the Lucin
development may prove to be a complete waste of time and money.  You may
have wanted to put your effort into cleaning up the zones rather than making
a new set of potential problems.

One last note, upping the punishment mid stream with no notice is the
biggest problem I see with everything Varant has done.  It is like you
suddenly decided to shoot a couple of kids, and beat the rest, because they
broke the new Christmas presents.  Every Christmas before there were light
punishments for breaking the toys, but suddenly two kids are dead, and the
rest are bleeding.  Sound like an extreme comparison?  Well you went to
extremes over a game when YOUR toys were broken.  In my eyes, this guild is
being punished because they did something your developers overlooked.  Well,
get better play testers.

Make an incentive system for plying on the test server.  X hours of play on
the test server gets you a free month, and I'll leave X up to you.  Then
announce when you are trying things on the test server.  Make sure everyone
knows that not all the ideas will make it live, and just about all of them
will be reworked.  Part of why I suggest this is because I am SICK AND TIRED
of having two patches follow every large patch to fix what the large patch
has broken.

Now for a couple more quotes from you.

"Well, first, they're not mutually exclusive. We DO fix bugs AND we go after
people who exploit. Now why don't we just do the former? Because in the time
between a player discovering a bug and us fixing it, in some cases, a LOT of
damage to the game can be done. An extreme case would be duping -- a player
exploiting a dupe bug could irreparably harm the server's economy before we
had a chance to fix the bug."

"In this particular case, while not as extreme as a duping bug, the guild
did appear to be conquering one of the hardest zones in the game with far
fewer people that what would have been necessary had they not been
exploiting. This hurts the game -- more specifically, it cheapens the
experience for those groups of people who might have been one of the first
groups through that zone NOT exploiting."

That is the worst pile of BS out of the whole lot.  Now, if you had gathered
everyone in the Arena, as you did, made the big announcement about
exploiting, and even said that suspensions were being considered, I would
have believed this statement by Brad McQuaid.  What makes this statement an
OUTRIGHT LIE is the extreme nature of your reaction.  It cheapens the game
when you can get heavily punished for something you did not know about.
Also, Brad makes reference to what he sees as an extreme exploit, duping.
There is NO WAY that what this guild did with 28 players is anywhere near as
damaging as duping.  A few older players could easily create whole new uber
guilds from nothingness with a day of unrestricted duping.  Even if this
exploit was left unpunished, you would have it patched before too many
people could use it.  A large warning, and some guide staff monitoring to
enforce that warning, could prevent this issue from recurring and therefore
it would NEVER be able to effect the game as dramatically duping.

In the logs you quoted a FEW members of the guild knew about the exploit.
Those few, which seem to have been discovered AFTER THE FACT, should be
suspended, and if previously suspended, banned.  However, what about the
guild members that have not logged in a while.  They come back to the game
to find their tag removed.  What about the members that did not know they
were exploiting, but were on the raid.  They were told where they were to
go, who to follow, who to heal.  That happens all the time in EQ.  Well now
they are getting SUSPENDED, not warned, for doing EXACTLY what Varant
PROMOTES!  They were being part of a group, their guild.  And for that you
punish them.  That seems stupid, and does not make sense.

What ever happened to having FUN?  And don't tell me that letting ONE GUILD,
ONE TIME get the best of you ruins it for everyone.  Every problem has to be
discovered to be fixed.  So they succeed.  Rare drop?  Take it back.  They
have to EARN IT like everyone else.  That prevents the envy factor of other
guilds, and thereby "cheapening" the game.  You seem to be stuck on that
issue in your replies, and it is a NON-ISSUE in this case.  Everything they
gain can be taken back.  Sorry, everyone in the guild is being reset to a
backup from the day before the raid.  This is your big guild warning,
everyone that went on the raid now has an exploiter warning flag in their
file.

TA-DA.  NO GAME CHEAPENING.  Warning to Guild and EVERYONE ELSE is done.  So
why didn't you do that?  What is the real ulterior motive that made such an
exceptional, and extreme reaction on the part of Varant occur?

What does make sense is that this guild being punished because they
embarrassed the developers.  That is why I say Brad McQuaid is lying.  He
may not be doing it intentionally, but as the representatives of those
embarrassed and frustrated developers, that is what it sure sounds like.





