From -853556026745874259
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4db85b88b18ae9f2
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-30 03:04:28 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!arclight.uoregon.edu!enews.sgi.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Windows XP and EQ
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <s10tttgtnli5ib1vk1lakusmhv81bch93s@4ax.com>
References: <3BDA24CA.E622AEF4@sympatico.ca> <Xns9147C1968445gggugygyggyfffgdd@167.206.112.134> <6y0D7.5457$_Q6.1906965@typhoon.columbus.rr.com> <Xns9149ED3371A84gggugygyggyfffgdd@167.206.112.134>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 150
Date: Tue, 30 Oct 2001 11:04:27 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1004439867 24.3.225.40 (Tue, 30 Oct 2001 03:04:27 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 30 Oct 2001 03:04:27 PST
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:130773

On Tue, 30 Oct 2001 04:23:16 GMT, spamme@yahooka.com (Joe Parente)
wrote:


>>Anyone who needs more stability and speed than any previous version of
>>Win32 for the home users needs it.
>>
>
>Anyone who needs more stability and speed than any previous or *current* 
>version of windows should badger their software publishers to release Linux 
>versions of their software. And they would incur $0 software upgrade cost, 
>rather than add to Gates' ill gotten billions. 

Ironically I've spent more on Linux for all the books and such I
NEEDED  for it when I ran into problems than I have on Windows which
is, basically, an idiot proof OS. It ended up I just needed to buy a
version of SUSE with the most useable one book for linux I've ever
seen, putting all the rest to shame ( the one I got that comes with
redhat sucks ass basically.)

I really don't know why so many users of Linux seem downright
dishonest about what it is and what it can do and its ease of use.
Even with much better versions of late such as the new redhat and
suse, which set up far more easier than past ones, the thing is still
incredibly backwards and foreign to use. Once you have the basic
differences down it gets easier but its a bear to learn initially
stiill, easier GUI or not. 

Also ironically once I have windows 98 all patched up it never crashes
or gets a bluescreen or locks up but I've had lockups in the newest
xwindows occasionally in SuSE 7.2. Everything seems configured fine
also. The difference is there are about 7,000,000 things which could
be wrong in linux while in windows you just reinstall easily and patch
up and everyones installation is the same. 

Sure linux has tons of choices but they come back to bite you on the
ass since everyone ends up with nearly totally differently configured
systems and just installing ONE new program can be a nightmare from
hell of broken dependancies on old stuff if you install it and three
hours of figuring out how to make everything work hunting down info on
the web. Meanwhile I've never had that happen once in 95 or 98.

My cost in manuals and more importantly time in learning and using
Linux has been far more than ever using 95, 98 and likely soon windows
xp. They are old lady or infant/toddler operating systems. You'd
actually have to try to break something or just be too lazy to click
on one website to fix it. The windows update page which tells me
exactly what I need is the easiest thing I've ever used, letting me
get all security and other fixes in seconds. 

Of course the new SuSE has something similar where it searches for
updates and also does quite a good job. The problem comes when I see
some new program that I REALLY want to use but its not made by suse
and I have to either compile it or rpm install it but it has different
dependancies. You also pay for the fact that the whole operating
system and all programs are upgraded constantly, you pay by often
having dependancy issues. In windows 95 or 98 every single program
I've ever downloaded or bought installed by going:

setup.exe

without a hitch. Every program in them used the same *.dlls and system
files which were already in the OS. I think just a few times a program
needed a new dll that they installed an only with one freeware program
once did I actually have to find an updated *.dll. The SIMPLE genius
of 95 and 98 is that the newest file is ALWAYS the best and backwards
compatible. Meanwhile in linux I've spent hours trying to solve why
this new program I want to use needs libgal.so.7 or something but now
I have libgal.so.12 from upgrading gnome for like 3 hours and I just
end up giving up.  

When something is difficult to use and you often "give up", it doesn't
really "cost less." Microsoft is still the cheapest and easiest option
for the masses. Yeah, I'm no where near as experienced in Linux or any
unix as someone who has been using it for years but I'd be miles ahead
of your average windows user or little old lady. Sure, if I just
installed SuSE 7.2 then left it there I'd be fine but of course
sometimes you want to use a new program you find. 

As I said before though, newere versions DO get easier. The newest
redhat and suse almost do come close to operatiing systems for the
idiot masses compared to when I was first messing with them a couple
few years ago. The new SuSE with such an easy graphical install and 3d
acceleration being so easy to set up on my nvidia card was great.

Linux and any 'nix I've seen is just eons away from being for the
general home user still. Mom and pop want to run an OS that is made
for retards and does not challenge them daily. They want to run an OS
where they can get on a web site or buy some new program and the
hardest part of the install that they will ever have is
runthisthinghereblah.exe.

Also, its not that publishers don't release linux versions of software
but rather that either you don't buy them or there are not enough
linux users to buy them. Lokisoft threw a big retail party basically
where they made what I heard were some very GOOD linux ports of
mainstream games. Loki basically went under and now some of those
linux games can be picked up in bargain bins for 9 bucks. In some
ways, once again, the linux paradigm itself which is "free constantly
upgraded software" comes back to bite you on the ass because a user
who is used to "free" is probably not going to be as likely to go out
and buy a game for 49 bucks which the windows user is used to HAVING
to do for all software. Sure, you can make linux programs for free
when you have a real job but when you are going to actually port
commercial products to linux which is going to take a lot of work and
expense you are going to have to sell them to recoup that (not to
mention the fact that the makers of the commercial games or products
are not exactly going to toss you the code and say "sure take this
from us and make a free linux version and stick it on the net!"   

I'm no Bill Gates or microsoft fan, but frankly the industry has done
as well as it has because of Bill Gates and a standard easy to use
operating system. Computers for the masses was the dream and that
dream has come true via a much maligned but very standard easy to use
operating system which has driven the home pc market for years (and of
course earlier than that compaq reverse engineering the IBM pc) Say
what you want but we would have never made it with even the easiest to
use linux, it would have scared mom and dad away from computers in
milliseconds. 

If I was Bill Gates I'd openly embrace linux and say how great it was
but then honestly state that its just not easy to use. Then I'd stage
events where a 5 year old school child and a 35 year old man, both
fairly new to computers, had to install an operating system and some
software on identical computers. I'd give the 5 year old child a 98 or
xp cd and the 35 year old man a suse or redhat cd set. Then I'd give
them a list of popular web sites to get new programs from. The 5 year
old child would be done in an hour or so plus while the 35 year old
man would be crying in a puddle on the floor. 

Bill Gates does not have "ill gotten" millions, he pretty much earned
them. He is one of the soul reasons why I or you can go to an outlet
store in my city and get an amd 1.4 ghz proc, an mb, a new case, and a
256 meg simm (25 bucks for the simm.. good god... ) for under 600
bucks and basically have a wholy new computer system throwing in our
old stuff, and in my case I'd get windows xp full version OEM for 99
bucks (and the last windows I actually bought was the 95 upgrade in
like early 1995 or before for 89 bucks, that really is a pretty low
cost of ownership) 

Think about that next time you are using linux, the reason why the pc
you are using it on is so insanely cheap is a market that microsoft,
compaq and other such companies helped to cause to exist. Instead of
maligning Bill Gates you should build a monument, whether you
personally like his OS or not. 

Windows 98 is what I use for games and such and word processing, linux
is what I use for a challenging hobby.

Email: dstephenAThomeDOTcom


