From 8790195848262650323
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7af592a55e651c64,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.moat.net!lon-transit.news.telstra.net!lon-in.news.telstra.net!news.telstra.net!news-server.bigpond.net.au!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Hicks" <nospam@forme.plz>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Kuloth's Ludicrous Weekend
Lines: 255
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1437
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1441
Message-ID: <ZwnYc.12610$D7.5456@news-server.bigpond.net.au>
Date: Sun, 29 Aug 2004 16:30:49 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.45.11.36
X-Complaints-To: abuse@bigpond.net.au
X-Trace: news-server.bigpond.net.au 1093797049 203.45.11.36 (Mon, 30 Aug 2004 02:30:49 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 30 Aug 2004 02:30:49 EST
Organization: BigPond Internet Services
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14892

Upgrade 1:

Ran to Vxed where my guild has taken to training every single enchanter to
be the core of a charm group. What have I been saying about giving us access
to zones? :o) These blue, white and yellow mobs are designed for level 70
uberguilders in Time gear, and we drop them in 8 seconds. Tank them? Why
tank when you can kite? Summoners eh? Well, kite them too. I realise we wont
be able to charm once we hit KT (several guild members are flagged for it
already), and that likely means we'll rarely go there, except when we're
after named.

I don't like everything about Vxed though. For one thing the name is dumb...
and don't get me started on the carpet sharks!

Anyhow, 2 minutes into it, I get a tell from the other guild charm group
doing vxed - the cloak has dropped and nobody can wear it except someone's
alt, they'd rather put it on me. Woot! I run out, quit my expedition, am
invited to another.

Looks like this expedition appears to be our guild leader (chanter) botting
a cleric and cleaning up pretty much on his own. He describes to me where
the corpse is. I mount up and invis.

Let me tell you something about Unholy Steed. There is nothing whatsoever in
god's creation half as cool as a full on bard speed mount. What the hell was
I thinking waiting 130AA's to buy it? I use it to pull, I use it for
mobility, I sometimes use it for escape. And transport? forget it :) Anyhow,
I thunder on up the mountain at a hundred miles an hour, and soon spot a
dead thing on the ground. I jump off and loot.

Bang. Visible.

The run back isn't nearly so smooth. These guys like to quad me for 1100's
if they get the chance, and I pick up quite a crowd on the way back down the
mountain. I spot the guildleader and his bot cleric. Damned if I'll train
them, so I stop just past the last spawn and attempt to feign. *splut* I am
a happy corpse.

I zone at my bind point naked and sexy, and get a tell requesting consent.
Presently my guild leader drags my dumb butt out of there and rezzes me. I
can't help thinking... even if he wasn't a skilled and practiced diplomat,
an excellent raid leader, and all-round nice guy, he'd still be guild leader
from all the favours he's owed.


Upgrade 2:

Anyhow, after more profuse thanking I return to my other group. A handful of
kills later, the mask drops. Nobody wants it - everyone's got one already or
something better. Yoink! Kuloth becomes uberer.

Onward! I'm chewing my way through 65 - when Omens is released I want to hit
66 in a maximum of 5 kills and start working on 67 right away. Hopefully
I'll have a lot of AA's saved too - they're releasing new general tanking
AA's that I'll want right off, and some specific SK ones I'll want ASAP, and
what with all that levelling I wont be getting many AA's once the starter
pistol goes off. The same night I finish 65 off and gain another 2.5 AA's.
I've got 4 saved but I'm working on more.

Upgrade 3:

Up until this morning I'd never looted a darned thing on a raid. Not in my
last guild, not in my current guild. We're usually just plain raiding stuff
that isn't upgrades for me, or are slight upgrades, crossgrades, or
irritating downgrades etc. Recently I main tanked THO (I'm third tank in my
guild but the other two guys weren't on), and both the Helm that I'd lusted
after for years and the one hander I'd drooled about since level 20 dropped.
I didn't want either. It's a syndrome that's affected me for ages - by the
time we get up to whacking somebody, their drops are no longer upgrades for
me.

An example of the other problem is that the hast items that we're currently
hunting are neck slot - and my neck slot is my only lightsource. I've
learned the hard way that as a human, not having an item vision or
lightsource will eventually get you killed. Wheras, a hate upgrade that
usually nets you 4% extra speed will rarely be noticed.

I've been wondering how many raids I'd have to attend before the drops
caught up with my gear, or some of the crossgrades were crossed out.

Well, the giant slidey puzzle that is my shadowknight's gear has had some
shakeups lately, mostly due to GoD. Of particular interest I won a ring in
one of the sewers that has see invis and ultra vision. I not longer need a
lightsource.

And this morning, the target was Korucust.

http://eqbeastiary.allakhazam.com/search.shtml?id=12529

This guy inhabits CharB (no, not a french WWII tank) and although he's mean
to small furry animals he's never been much of a challenge to us. However,
he drops gear sufficiently nice that when our numbers are down, we go after
him. This morning by the time I reached the meeting place we had fourteen
folks in the raid channel, and it barely made 20 by the time we arrived at
chardok.

After a profoundly routine CotH and clear operation, we arrived at the lair
of Korucust.

Our MT (Warrior) wasn't on so the Pally and I wandered upstairs to pick a
fight. I dont think they knew if he rampaged or not, but they sent two tanks
up anyway.

Anyhow, the worst problem during the fight was that my screen went amazingly
jerky right after it started due to the sheer amount of spell graphics. This
usually doesn't happen so I think Korucust must have a particular AOE that's
designed to choke your graphics card to death. Despite this spirited defense
and his habit of shapeshifting abruptly, Koru went down like a free drink.

And something lovely happened.

http://everquest.allakhazam.com/db/item.html?item=21929

The Bone-Forged Trinket dropped. I put in for it (a rare event!). And to my
delighted surprise, won it, despite stiff competition. (I guess never having
any prior raid loot helped me along)

Thanking the guild profusely, I subsided into stunned silence. Now I'm a
real raider!


Upgrade 4:

(yes I know, four upgrades in a weekend. At this point it's getting a little
silly, but here goes)

I take off my old neck piece and hand it to my shammy friend. I have to
explain this a little. I did offer, at the time, to hand it in to be rolled
on or whatever, but the loot council in their wisdom appear to have given
that part a miss. That being the case, my option is to sell the thing, and
so I am doing so. However, I am part of a trio that pools ALL sellable loot
on the one toon. The theory being that we can then afford to buy things as a
trio that no one person would ever have the patience to save up for. That's
my take anyway, and it works like a charm.

So, my shammy buddy goes and puts the neck piece on his trader alt and
checks the bazaar for belts.

Belts?

Well, since I've got a 36% haste item on my neck, I don't need to waste my
waist slot on  a 31% item do I?

We can't currently afford the top of the line heavy tooled weapon belt.
http://everquest.allakhazam.com/db/item.html?item=17034
However my Soulscream
http://everquest.allakhazam.com/db/item.html?item=21436 and a few other
items should provide us with the right cash.

In the meantime, for 4k we picked up a putrid belt of rotten hide.
http://everquest.allakhazam.com/db/item.html?item=17027

Being that fully buffed, my stamina is still 305 anyway, that's a solid 35hp
upgrade, not to mention the slight AC boost. Nice!


Upgrade 5:

(No, I'm not kidding. Upgrade FIVE!)

Remember when I mentioned I used to drool over the THO helm? Well, I
recently decided that cool as FT3 is (!), I needed HP more. At that point,
despite rarely touching LDoN these days, the natural thing to do would be to
swap my dented kunzar helm (veksar gear) for the EF helm, which is a nice
points/hp tradeoff.

I had just under 200 points to go, attainable in four normals or two hards.

Right after the raid and a short break, a nice LDoN group formed, consisting
of the highest DPS person in the guild (currently a mage with 360+ AA's),
the 2nd and 3rd tanks (The Pally (my shammy friend's main in facT) and
myself), a good chanter and competant druid. The pally/shammy 2-box effort
completed the group. We decided to head for a hardon (I can't help calling
Hard LDoN's hardons).

First off, we head into Ruj, which I've found lately to be a relative walk
in the park, a series of single pulls that extends to victory. It was so. We
splatted a named and the shammy recieved a nice upgrade.

One of Two down :)

Then we headed to Guk. Now, people talk in hushed tones about hard Guks. The
merest whisper of a hard Guk mission will make the wickedest child behave, a
vicious dog stop barking, and junkies quite heroin. And let me tell you that
every one of these nasty, evil rumours, is absolutely... true.

We can start with targeting. I can't target anything down there. Not really
a problem, except I'm a puller. I may's well be clicking on walls - I can
click mobs all day and no targetting occurs. I get around it with my tab
key, which I've mapped to "Cycle all near mobs". It does, however, make for
zany hijinks when I want to change targets selectively and not start beating
on a mezzed mob, however...

Secondly, there's the mobs that debuff you. They invariably do it when
you're being clubbed to death by one of the trains.

Thirdly, there's the trains. A train is what happens when you do one of the
following:

a) Attempt to pull one of the nightmare rooms by grabbing the only mob you
can see without getting too close
b) get too close to one of the nightmare rooms trying to see the other mobs

The trains are great because you can't target anything so CC is basically
fucked, and the twisting, cramped maze that is Guk helps compact you into a
nice tight area where you can't kite, move, hear yourself think etc. Of
course, with every train comes at least one debuffing mob, who invariably
wipes BoT9, symbol, and focus off you when you've got four melee types
smacking you for 800's.

Despite all this, we never actually wiped. The pally dropped early on and
had to run back (no other rezzers) but we fought on with me pulling and
tanking. Then my first real train arrived - but luckily only I bought it.
They rezzed me and continued while I recovered.

Then came the second and coolest train. This was the one with the smart
mobs, who took out the chanter first, then the shammy, and then started on
the pally, obviously realising that he was our last remaining hope, being
that he could rez the fallen. Luckily, however, this train foolishly only
consisted of two undead frogs, and I managed to snare them both and kite
hither and thither while everybody else wore them down. One turned out to be
slowed so the pally rooted them both and tanked that one then took on the
last.

We were in bad, bad, bad trouble. The mob was down to 15% but the pally was
down to 3% and started kiting - slowly. I kept whacking away and so did the
mage pet. I was sure we were done for, but somehow the mob dropped before
the pally. He just stood there at 3% looking like he'd just stepped out of a
nuclear explosion. Then he rezzed the dead and we moved on. We needed a drop
every four minutes from that point on. Any wipage at all would kill us.

Soon after, the tide turned, and we only needed one drop every six minutes.
Then we won :)

I like guk, personally. I wish they'd fix the targetting, but I love the
models (those ghost frogs are the coolest visual I've seen in any game,
period) and the 3d nature of the dungeon. The colours, the sounds, it's all
perfect. I also love the water - I love swampy stuff like that that's half
water, etc. Guk reminds me of a series of weird dreams I had in my
childhood...

Anyway, I went to EF and bought the helm.

I can't remember if it was BEFORE or AFTER buying the helm that I flicked
tribute on and realised my fully buffed + tribute + group leadership hp =
8,601. I think it was before actually.

Anyhow, that was Kuloth's Ludicrous Weekend. I hope you enjoyed it... It
could easily have been six upgrades, but there's always the one that gets
away :(

Cheers,
Kul




