From 5410015272783928278
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7a03d70f8bc60f47,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!pln-w!spln!rex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!news4
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: EverQuest saved my life!
Date: Sun, 23 Jan 2005 08:27:08 -0600
Organization: http://newsguy.com
Lines: 81
Message-ID: <ct0c7t0a5@news4.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-335.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:30120

Y'know, I've seen so many bogus "EQ killed my child!" kind of claims, I 
thought I'd put in an equally silly claim about how EverQuest saved my life 
Friday night.

So, it's been snowing all day in Minnesota, our first serious snowstorm this 
year. We have pretty good road crews, and they're usually right out there 
plowing the snow off the freeways and laying down a layer of salt at the 
same time. During continuous snowfalls like today, that means that the snow 
gets cleared away and new snow is less likely to freeze and become slippery, 
but it's still not the best of driving conditions.

So I'm driving home on the freeway, and it's been plowed with only a slight 
layer of new snow on top of it. I'm going about forty, which is plenty fast 
enough in these conditions and a bit faster than most other drivers. In fact 
I've pulled away from the pack and there are no other cars within half a 
mile of me. It's dark and I'm driving through an area of construction, which 
means there are two lanes but no shoulders - just a concrete barrier.

Ahead of me, the freeway splits in two - one lane heads off towards an exit 
on the right, the other two lanes take a moderate turn to the left. Two cars 
are bearing to the right, towards the exit.

As I watch, the driver of one of the cars suddenly realizes he doesn't 
actually want to take the exit. In a move which can only be attributed to 
pure panic, he slams on the brakes. His car begins fishtailing badly. He 
takes off the brakes and tries to accelerate to regain control. He jerks 
forward and, realizing he's now heading directly for the concrete barriers 
on the other side of the freeway, slams on the brakes again. He ends at 
complete stop, perpendicular to the freeway, a hundred yards directly in 
front of me.

My headlights illuminate the driver's side window quite nicely. I can 
actually see him looking at me, his expression one of someone who has just 
lost control over his destiny, fate heading directly towards him at forty 
miles an hour.

So, I have two options (three if you want to include failing to react at all 
and just plowing into him.) I can try to stop. On dry payment I think I 
could stop in time, but under these conditions, I'm not so sure. Or I can 
try to change lanes and get by him on the right. There's ample room to do so 
as long as he doesn't suddenly put it in reverse.

Both of these options flashed through my mind in less than a second, far 
less time than it takes to actually articulate. I decided to go around him, 
and smoothly drifted to the right, coming somewhat close but missing him 
quite easily. I continue on, and in the rear-view mirror I see him back away 
from the barrier and attempt to straighten out.

Disaster averted, and we both escaped both injury and damage. My car is less 
than a year old and I would not at all have enjoyed seeing it come to harm.

A couple of miles later it occurred to me that I wasn't nervous or shaky or 
anything. In fact, during the whole encounter no surge of adrenaline caused 
my heart to start racing. In fact, I just calmly but quickly assessed my 
options and chose a course of action.

And then it struck me: this was just like a bad pull! I reacted exactly the 
same way I'd react when three mobs run into camp, the chanter starts getting 
hit, and the shaman is afk. I'd have to choose who to heal, what heals to 
use, whether to DivArb, whether to DA to lose aggro or just stand there and 
take some hits until the chanter can mez, etc.

Years of experience as a cleric in EverQuest had trained me not to panic 
when things go bad but to instead quickly decide upon the best course of 
action and then try it.

So, if not for my years in EverQuest, I might this very second be a 
slowly-cooling pile of goo on the freeway.

So, take heart true believers. EverQuest is merely training us for the 
life-and-death decisions we may yet have to face in our personal lives.

EverQuest saved my life!

-Richard
Monual Lifegiver
Prelate of Rodcet Nife
Lotus Cult
Quellious server 




