From -8755808297538804355
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d7f2d74c33f012bf
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newshub.sdsu.edu!news-feed01.roc.ny.frontiernet.net!nntp.frontiernet.net!nntp.giganews.com.MISMATCH!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 25 Jun 2004 06:32:18 -0500
Date: Fri, 25 Jun 2004 07:32:16 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: POJ (Was Re: Solo spot for 63 mage)
References: <n4udnVE8ffrZPkjdRVn-jA@dejazzd.com> <slrncdbbfk.uaj.faned@wyld.qx.net>
In-Reply-To: <slrncdbbfk.uaj.faned@wyld.qx.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <I6mdnQ2J9OLfkEHdRVn-gw@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 66
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.252.10
X-Trace: sv3-p0WoTsjU+cjycN5k2BMg5Ku6XyfQXI4Ve6ruwTtCXqaI5DjK7XqQ1syyY8aHN59vABQzxH9tOuJ6YbK!Qa2XmeLvMS6N7s6p6j8nklDil8NX7GrYlgaP7S9rPK/pfQk0krM/N8FiEelU8sXDDRwdZlAocDE=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7813

OK, I was close but not quite with the Death Row; while it looked good, 
there was a very difficult to beat pair of punishers in the way, and 
over several attempts I only took them out once.  Many times, I'd kill 
the initial Enforcer, then be setting up getting ready to run the duo 
again and get a tell asking me to come do an LDoN or something.  Given 
my one in four record, I was always happy to go.

At any rate, yesterday morning, I got down there, killed the Enforcer, 
med back up and got all ready, only to find the pair was gone.  Moved 
forward, the next single was gone too, and it turned out that there was 
a pair in the hall busily killing.  I asked one of them if they were 
working the hall or just moving to Mavuin for a flag, and she said they 
were working it.

So, given I had myself all prepped up, fully armed pet and so forth, I 
decided to just go on a killing rampage and see where it got me.

Well, I'd done this before in similar circumstances, killing the mobs 
that the exit hall people normally kill.  They are all light blue or 
green, very easy kills but not profitable in exp or loot.

This time, I wandered deeper, specifically over past the Trials area; 
over here, about half the prisoners are dark blue, as are the Gaolers. 
Without fail I was able to single pull, not only plucking dark blues 
from next to their light blue buddies, but dark blue from next to dark 
blue.  Staying mounted, instead of sitting, probably helped a bit, but I 
only had one add the entire time I spent doing this, and it only added 
-after- I'd killed its buddy, when I moved forward to pick some loot off 
the body.

Exp wise, I was getting about half a blue tic per blue mob, about a 
quarter tic per cyan mob.  This doesn't sound like much, but the killing 
was fast and effortless, and the exp ended up nearly as good as a full 
group doing a normal LDoN (I know because I did it for an hour, then 
went with my normal nightly LDoN group for a couple runs, then came back 
and did it for another half hour to finish my level)

I only had trouble once, and that was from a cyan mob; she was a cleric, 
and kept getting Cheals off thru the stuns.  Eventually I had to chain 
nuke her down into the ground; when I nuked normally, well that was once 
or twice per fight, she had no trouble at all.  Even when I nuked 
"heavy"I  still found I was timing things wrong and she'd manage to get 
the CHeal out in between being hit the first time (getting HP low enough 
to trigger another attempt) and the second (have to wait for spell gem 
to repop, and then its a 6.3 second cast time for Firebolt even with my 
spell haste ring on)  She never did run out of mana, just out of luck, 
was in mid cast when pet got an interrupting stun out and then my nuke 
finished her off.

These guys dropped extremely little, and one item they did drop was 
quite annoying; ceremonial blighted robe.  A no rent necro only robe 
with 1 AC, no stats or powers.  Wasn't able to find anyone who knew a 
thing about it, web searches turned up people asking since 2002.  Whats 
up with that?  Unimplemented quest, broken one, one just noone has ever 
managed to discover?  Its been a long time since I stumbled into this 
sort of dark corner of EQ, and while it never surprises me in the old 
world, I sort of thought that the newer zones had been worked out a bit 
more completely before release.  Heck, maybe it was just the designers 
having a joke.

Well, having finally found this spot, I've immediately outgrown it.  Hit 
64 last night, which means most of the dark blue mobs here are now cyan. 
  Perhaps even deeper into the zone.

Splendid One, 64 Gnomage, Firiona Vie



