From 3146845078063345200
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a4bc87d4416a2766,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-27 07:50:12 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!rip!c02.atl3!news.webusenet.com!telocity-west!DIRECTV!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "slapfish" <slapfish@yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: A Guild that Preys on Noobs
Date: Wed, 27 Nov 2002 08:39:01 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <uu9qd910sjus60@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2615.200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 57
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:249022

Ugh, ok this happened to a friend of mine.  27th level SK, young player
(16), hasn't really played that much.  He gets asked to join a guild and
then the guy that invites him offers to give him a great deal on a weapon
because he's a guildy.  He says the wep is worth 3k, but since he's a
guildie he'll hook him up for 1k.  So friend goes for it thinking the guy is
a guildy and wants to help him out.  Turns out the weapon is only worth
around 400-500pp. but he doesn't figure this out until about a week later.

In the meantime....

He asks if anyone in the guild has a Haste item he can buy cheap or trade
for.  He gets a tell from another guildie and they discuss a trade.  He
trades another weapon he has for a bracer and then loans the other player
one of his bracers until he can get a replacement.  Like I said, he figures
he can trust his guildmates.  The next day he shows me his Haste item and it
turns out its Affliction Haste I, NOT Haste.  I tell him its not what he
thought and he should try to get his weapon back. (wouldn't have even
suggested this if it wasn't a trade with a guild member)  He sends a message
to the person he got it from (51 level btw) and she says she sold the wep.
He then asks about his bracer and she tells him she is stripping the
character and then logs.

hmmm I tell him that doesn't look good.  I tell him to contact an officer of
the guild because I'm sure they don't want to get a bad rep over stuff like
this.  The next day he does this and the officer manages to get the items
back (it's amazing how the weapon isn't sold now that an officer gets
involved) BUT the officer does this very grudgingly and chews out friend and
tells him he is being unreasonable.  I'm a bit surprised at the reaction
from an officer and the way it was handled.  Seems to me a guild would not
want this sort of thing going on.  He didn't start out accusing the other
player of ripping him off, only said there was a problem, you know, gave her
an out in case it was an honest mistake.  Maybe it was a mistake, but why
not offer something to make it right, and also try to weasel out of giving
him his bracer back?  (she did other things that pointed to purposeful
deceipt but I won't go into it)

Well, friend likes to give people the benefit of the doubt, stayed in guild
and a few days later decided to sell the weapon he bought for 1k to try to
collect enough money for a real Haste item.  It's then he finds out the wep
is only worth about 400-500pp.  OK, he got ripped again! This shit happens,
but within your own guild!  He contacts the guy that sold it to him and also
a different guild officer and he is told too bad.

Ok, so I know this guy should have taken more time to research the items and
make sure it was a good trade.  I told him so.  BUT, you have to admit,
these are pretty sleazy tactics to use the trust of being a guildmate to
scam someone.  Not only was the first guy that scammed him a guild member,
but must have been an officer because he invited him. He actually used his
position as a guild officer to scam a noob out of a few hundred plat.

Anyway, that's all.  Told my friend not to trust anyone, even a guildmate
and to check out EVERYTHING before he buys/sells/trades (unless he has money
to burn and wants the item at any cost) and as he is young to remember it
IRL too.





