From -1159964274328032775
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a5a6eae34428dd12,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-02-04 14:10:43 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Scott T. Jensen" <stj@charter.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Casual observations from a semi-former player (cleric)
Date: Tue, 4 Feb 2003 16:10:41 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <v40ej2rhsapn8d@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 110
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:262713

I've lost my excitement for EQ.  Where I lost it, I'm not totally sure.

I had been a hard-core player for about six months.  Leveled my Halfling
cleric to 56.  Wasn't power-leveled or twinked.  Almost all my gear was from
hunting for it or getting it unexpectantly as a thank-you for helping
someone out.  Only last night was the first time I bought gear and that was
in the Bazaar and done more for the novelty of doing it than the gear I got.

During those hard-core months, I did have a lot of fun.  Being a cleric was
a blast.  A unique class.  A much wanted class.  Yes, it was also a very
boring class unless you group with people pushing the envelope of what your
group's level range can handle.  Those were the most fun times.  I enjoyed
having the puller tax me.  Working with the puller and chanter to maximum
the productivity of the group.  One of the best pullers I grouped with said
that if the cleric isn't sweating the pulls, he wasn't properly doing his
job.  Possibly one of the most fun times was in Oasis on the Orc Highway.
Being the cleric, I was naturally the group leader.  It was an endless
stream of players through my group.  Endless stream of orcs being
slaughtered and the occasional mad rush to the guards at the dock when we
had a bad over-pull.  Great non-stop fun for over TWELVE hours.

What I also enjoyed about EQ was the group dynamics.  I honestly cannot see
the attraction of soloing in EQ.  I tried a couple solo classes, but found
them boring and slow.  I also don't see the point of playing a solo class on
a MMORPG.  Anyway, the group dynamics made the game interesting.  Getting to
know new people.  Figuring out strategy.  Finding that cliff's edge on what
your group can handle and hanging over it for as long as your strength could
hold out.  Even the bad players were interesting in how they unified the
good players together.  I've developed friendships that now have extended
into the real world via email.  I have had some great chats about EQ with
real life friends that also play it.

Over the course of the time I played, I've always been thinking of the
cleric guide I'd write to help other players that want to start up and play
a cleric.  The lessons I learned.  Tricks of the trade.  How to properly
manage groups.  How to deal with different personalities and classes.  What
to look for in players to join your group.  Etc.

However, when I hit 55, I hit a wall.  A wall I've yet to get really past.
I had hit this wall before.  All clerics do in their mid-twenties.  In your
mid-20's, clerics are an extremely boring class and thus is when most
players stop playing their clerics.  Clerics in their mid-20's are a blind
class as you meditate while the rest of the group get to see and fight mobs.
How I broke that wall was going off on my own and hunting for better gear.
A sabbatical of sorts.  I posted the list of my gear to this newsgroup and
asked for suggestions on what I could get on my own.  However, that isn't
really completely correct.  Being a cleric, I wasn't ever really alone.  It
was just that my groups were lots of times just me and another player.  A
lot of times we were the only ones.  Many were EQ friends understanding my
need for break from pick-up groups and coming to help me get a piece of
gear.  In fact, that is when I found out who were my real EQ friends.
Eventually, I got better gear (gear I pretty much still wear today) and got
tired of semi-soloing.  Batteries recharged, I went to the leveling zones
and dove back in.

Then, as I mentioned before, I hit 55.  A level that just took too long to
get through.  My XP bar moved so slow I didn't even look at it during that
period as its slow progress only made me more depressed.  So close to the
most sought after cleric level and yet so far.  For you who are not clerics,
56 is the golden level.  It is when you get your 96% rez spell.  The one
everyone wants.  But my progress through 55 took too long.  I got depressed
and dropped out of EQ for several months.

Eventually, I did come back when real life friends that still played EQ kept
asking me to get online with them.  I had to renew my subscription as it had
expired by this time.  But I did get back on and finally made 56th level.
As far as I was concerned, I had made it.  No longer do I feel a need to
level.

And possibly this is part of the problem.  Lack of motivation.  Now I only
play to do things with friends.  I'm event driven now.  A friend needs help
getting their epic and I'm there.  A friend has a raid that in bad need of a
cleric and I'm there.  A friend simply wants to group with me and I'm there.
Now while I like doing this, simply getting on isn't fun anymore.  I've been
getting on lately and the zones are empty.  No, I do not have PoP as I just
feel EQ is now simply milking the franchise.  This is by far the most
expensive computer game ever made.  Add up the cost of all the expansions
and monthly subscription charges and it is ridiculous.  This alone has
soured me on this game.  None of these expansions should cost subscribers
anything.  The expansions should have been part of what you pay the monthly
subscription for.  That's just my feelings.  I'm all in favor of capitalism.
I just feel milked.  Especially now that all the old end-game zones (i.e.,
Velks) are ghost zones because all the high-level players are in PoP.

On top of this, I really hate my class's epic.  It trivializes our rezzes.
I refuse to get it on this point alone.  Rezzes are about the only thing us
clerics have that people are willing to pay for.  With the clicker, it
doesn't cost you any mana and most players feel no need to pay you for
rezzing them.  And given the way Verant has been changing this game, I
wonder how long it will be before players can just go up to a NPC cleric and
get their rezzes that way.

What I'll likely be doing is eventually canceling my account when Star Wars
Galaxies comes out ... or another promising MMORPG (i.e., City of Heroes).
It will be new.  It will be different.  Already, many of my EQ friends are
simply waiting for SWG and will jump ship when it arrives.

Anyway, I'm just wondering if anyone has been where I am now and broken out
of this slump.  I cannot go hunting for gear as I did in my mid-twenties
since now everything that's better than what I'm wearing can only be gotten
by way of raids.

Scott Jensen
a.k.a. Sunbreeze, 56 Halfling cleric, Tunare server
--
Like a cure for A.I.D.S, Alzheimer, Parkinson, & Mad Cow Disease?
Volunteer your computer for folding-protein research for when it's idle.
Go to http://www.distributedfolding.org/ to sign up your computer.




