From 9149974739994351745
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c014902dc2ed7a9,start
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,c014902dc2ed7a9,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid100ff8,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-12!sn-xit-08!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg
Subject: PvP Coming to EverQuest II
Date: Fri, 8 Apr 2005 10:29:25 -0700
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <115dfjrh82r354b@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 82
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:34462 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:47668

Per a letter from John Smedley, President of SOE:

John Smedley's Letter to the Community: April 7th, 2005

Hello Everyone,

First off, I'd like to say thanks for all of the wonderful ideas we received 
from you after my last posting. Having this ongoing dialogue is something 
SOE is committed to in a major way, and it's one of the biggest things you 
all asked for.  So you'll see an increase in our public presence, not just 
on our boards, but on a lot of the fansites, as well. And we've created a 
new position within our ranks, the Director of Community Relations, 
specifically to prioritize you, the community, within our service offerings. 
Alan Crosby, previously EQ Community Relations Manager, will be stepping 
into this role, and all of SOE's community managers and representatives will 
report to him, while still maintaining close ties to the game teams, of 
course.  Under this new structure, we will become even more responsive, even 
more dedicated to customer focus!

I'd like to give you a general update on our games this posting:

Since my last post , we launched our first Adventure Pack for EverQuest II - 
"The Bloodline Chronicles" - and over half our player base is already 
playing it!   We are committed to releasing new content between Expansion 
Packs that goes beyond our live updates, and so we'll continue to release 
these Adventure Packs on a regular basis -- a first for our industry.

The EQII team is still hard at work on the existing game, and I think that 
all of the new content the team has added since launch is pretty amazing. In 
the past few weeks alone, we've added several new high level raids, an 
in-game mail system, Mentoring (something we're really excited about), two 
additional character slots for all subscribers , and we just added the new 
merchant system, which will allow players to sell items in game without 
having to leave their computer running. That's on top of the usual game 
additions -- dozens of new quests, spells, items, tradeskill recipes, etc. 
You can expect us to keep up this pace for a long time to come. Another part 
of the EQII team is hard at work on our first Expansion Pack, coming out 
later this year. We've taken a lot of your recent ideas and feedback into 
account, and we're working on some innovative ways characters can move and 
interact with the environment.  Also, we're taking the first step towards 
introducing PvP competition with the introduction of a new type of combat!

In Austin , our Star Wars GalaxiesT team is focused on a big change to the 
game's combat system. The "Combat Revamp" is now live on the SWG test 
server, and it's getting very positive feedback from the SWG playerbase. The 
team is also putting the finishing touches on Star Wars GalaxiesT:  Episode 
III Rage of the WookiesT, which launches in less than a month. The SWG 
playerbase is very strong, and we're continuing to put a lot of effort into 
making Star Wars GalaxiesT even better and adding new content all the time. 
The latest expansion pack adds Episode III content into the universe --  
something our SWG players were asking for!

There's also a lot of action on EverQuest .  We're consolidating many of the 
servers to keep the game an exciting place to be, and we are investing a lot 
of time and effort in making this game an even better experience for its 
many fans.  EverQuest just had its 6th anniversary on March 16th. It's very 
gratifying to see such a strong demand for this game, but when you look at 
how much of an impact EverQuest has had on so many people's lives - not to 
mention the entire industry - it's not very surprising. We continue to hear 
remarkable stories of how people are touched by the game. In fact, we just 
had a player name her daughter Firiona!

One other subject I wanted to touch on is our Customer Service department. 
We've made some significant changes, and I'm proud to say our average 
telephone hold times are now 5 minutes or under. And our in-game response 
times are among the best in the business!  We know how important this is to 
our players, and we will continue to focus on decreasing these response 
times even further.

We're going to have a lot of new things to talk about in the upcoming months 
.  Our games continue to thrive, and we have a bunch of exciting 
developments coming out of our San Diego , Austin and Seattle studios. 
We're enjoying the present and looking toward a very bright future for SOE 
and the online games industry , and I wanted you to know that we truly 
appreciate your support and feedback, and we're listening ! We're here to 
entertain you.

Thanks,

John Smedley




