From -6276626581481215901
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cbdf034a2cc0f76c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-26 17:05:47 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Randy Woodward" <katrika@charter.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: A (slightly) different take on the KEI crap
Date: Mon, 26 May 2003 19:04:57 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <vd5aten6hsdh1b@corp.supernews.com>
References: <98eacbae.0305220606.1126a882@posting.google.com> <7054e0b0.0305260942.1ec9d801@posting.google.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 64
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:284590

I came to the game a few years ago after a long history of role playing
games, first pen and paper, then computer, as well as a long established
love of "Sword and Sorcery" fiction. The thing that attracted me the most
was the concept of endless content and no linear storyline. The idea of
social play was interesting, but not my primary reason for play. I made the
choice between EQ and UO based on my preference for the first person view
interface. It seemed more like being "in the game" than an overhead, godlike
view. Without doing much research, I created a Barbarian Warrior and started
having fun.

In my mid 20 levels however, I started to sense something wrong. I wasn't
leveling anymore, nor was I accumulating enough platinum to buy any really
good gear. I joined a guild thinking this might help, but unfortunately the
guild members were a selfish lot and only seemed interested in selling gear
to lower level guildies at an obscene profit. It was then I realized that
much of my problem was in how I was using my playing time.

You see, I'm a working adult with a busy career, a home, and a family that
take up a lot of my time. I can only get on to play for one or two hours at
a time, three or four times a week. I discovered that I'm not much good to
most groups (let alone guilds) and that some folks even get upset when you
log after only an hour. I did some research then started a new character
more suited to my playing style. A solo character. A Druid.

To me, a Druid was a "Jack-of-all-trades" and being able to port and heal
myself really opened up the game for me. Just so you don't hate me too much,
he wasn't a Halfling. I made a Half-Elf Druid so I could start in familiar
terrain, and also for the infravision. I was off to the races, mostly solo
but also enjoying some limited player interaction. I would buff and port for
folks, and occasionally group a bit. I particularly enjoy rescuing newbies
in distress, then disapearing kinda Lone Ranger-like.  I found making
platinum was no longer a problem, but finding good gear still was, and the
downtime was numbing. I took up tradeskills -baking mostly, it was the most
portable- just to pass the time while medding. Even so, I would find that by
the time I logged on, medded up, and fought a few mobs it was time to log
off. To make matters worse, I started to hit the same exp wall in my 20s as
I did with the Warrior. I took up exploring to keep the game interesting,
but exp was coming even slower and I was way, way underequiped. It was
getting frustrating again, and I considered quitting.

Then Luclin was released and two things happened. I went to the Bazaar
(goodbye to my equipment woes) and I discovered KEI.

KEI, KEI, wonderful KEI! It was like finding a freshwater well in the
desert, or a fully stocked refrigerator after weeks living on dehydrated
eggs. KEI made the game not just more playable, but enjoyable again. KEI
lets me log on for an hour and go straight to work making exp. KEI gives me
the chance to make enough PP to buy decent gear without having to be a port
whore to get it. KEI gives me a chance to be *useful* to my guild (a
different, family-type guild) because even though I can't be with them for
long, I can be extremely effective while I'm there.

KEI, along with the Bazaar changed the entire complexion of the game for me.
Now I realize that players like me are not the majority. I also realize that
the things that make KEI so good for me may not have as positive an effect
on others. I hear your frustration with grouping with the KEI addicts, and I
empathize with your annoyance. But please, before you declare KEI a blight
on the landscpe to be oblitterated without mercy, take a moment to remember
the thousands of us who have to, out of necessity more than desire solo most
of the time, and for whom KEI has made the game fun again.

Thank you for your kind consideration.




