From -7800151588263956013
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a447c1a5a6e519ea
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-18 00:15:29 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!paloalto-snf1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!enews.sgi.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Just out of curiosity...
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <s33snt4j8fc7cae7qgv1vm0ingdkk98i8a@4ax.com>
References: <B_kf7.114003$EP6.30082927@news1.rdc2.pa.home.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 189
Date: Sat, 18 Aug 2001 07:15:28 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 998118928 24.3.225.40 (Sat, 18 Aug 2001 00:15:28 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 18 Aug 2001 00:15:28 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:108670

On Sat, 18 Aug 2001 03:08:17 GMT, "Joe Blevins" <jh1blev@home.com>
wrote:

Of course you realize, as brad mcquaid the producer has said, every 
EQ server is a "roleplaying server." That is kind of what the game
is defined as. It would be like walking into the store and seeing a
copy of Baldur's Gate next to the exact same copy but titled "special
version for roleplayers."


>If there was a roleplaying server, how many people would play on it? How
>many people would play on it EXCLUSIVELY?
>
>I would definetly play on it, but whether or not I'd play on it exclusively
>would be tough (although it would be fun playing an enchanter with an
>identity crisis.)

Its going to be the same as every server no matter what they call it
since there is no way to enforce roleplaying even via so called
"more apt to roleplay" nerfs. Lets look at the probable list and what
each item REALLY accomplishes, rather than causing roleplaying:

1) Only one character per account

What does this really accomplish? It accomplishes only
giving the player one character per account. What kind of
players would still play on this server? Virtually any still
would, in fact it really makes it more of a challenge to the 
powergamer type rather than a server he will shy away from.
Think about it, "Whoah, now I can really be the first one to 60
since I own 3 eq accounts so can have characters semi  power
leveling each other while everyone else is only running one char."

Would this make people more apt to roleplay? No, since one character
per account has absolutely nothing to do with roleplaying at all. 

2) Possible warrens "if its green then you get none, even if its your
only chance to now" loot drop rules.

What does this really accomplish? It aggrivates your player
base by imposing a ridiculous set of rules which already has
been proven to not really work and only aggrivate players in
the warrens = "resounding success!" says verant, a game designer
infamous for its backwardness and ignoring of blatant facts. What
will these rules cause? It will cause players to feel they must rush
to get certain items while mobs are still blue, causing heretofore
unseen amounts of lining up patience behavior. Will it end players 
spawn jumping? Well, no, in fact it should make them more likely to
do so (see above) since Bobby now has to get X item this level or
the next or miss out. Was there lots of spawn jumping before by
bully upper level players? No, not that I ever saw, people seemed
to wait in line politely no matter what level they or you were since
hey, they can just try later. 

The only thing this will really do is let people price gouge for
items like mad that they got during their turn in a huge line. You
think the jboots camp in OOT is bad now, wait until with these rules
you have a 30 deep line of people formed 24/7. If verant does this
they should really instigate a virtual ticket system also so at such
spawns the AC could pop up and say:

"now serving # 23!"

Will this rule make people more apt to roleplay? No, once again
this has absolutely jack crap to do with roleplaying or making
it more likely that people would roleplay. Its just a rule that
basically will make the server more challenging to play on. Once
again, repeat after me, who is more drawn to a MORE challenging
EQ server .. roleplayers or super optimizers who don't give a dang
about roleplaying? In case you have not guessed, the latter is the
correct answer. This will be a challenge for the optimizers who
can play 24/7 and get into power positions on the server, more so
since often such a person has multiple accounts and guess what? Yep
you guessed it, they will have one or more characters of a level to
loot things while their other character just heals them, etc.

3) possibly no common for trolls, ogres etc instead having to
stick with those of their own kind until they learn common. 

Will this rule make people more apt to roleplay? Actually yeah, this
is really the first one that sort of makes sense. Once again though,
what is the problem? Yep, optimizers will get together and learn
the languages from each other off the bat making it semi
moot. 

4) only able to group with like races as in evils with no goods, etc.
Yeah, thats semi roleplay but since the roleplay server is non pvp
isn't that kind of xenophobia inducing ruleset kind of almost a bad
idea? I mean what is going to happen when you have some dark 
speech races camping a spot and some light races come along who
want to jump it.. there is already going to be nearly forced enmity
between them and guess what.. often they won't even be able
to communicate. It remains to be seen where they plan to go with this
but maybe even dark elves won't know common.

There will have to be human bards or warriors of rallos zek or human
sks of innoruuk just for people to communicate... but then you have
another question, if those characters are "evil" how are they going
to communicate with the dark races which are the only people they
can group with? They'll have to group with them for some
language sharing but then you come back to #3, if this is going to
happen (and it will) then what the heck is the point of #3???

Answer, there is none.

So though this might cause a little more roleplaying at first, 
it will soon be rendered moot since languages
would be the first things to get learned.

5) possible limitation of auction, ooc, shout, etc to only like
alignments or short distance, etc. blah blah blah or 
whatever weird idea they come up with.

This one, like some of the earlier ones, really has 
nothing to do with roleplaying. It might be called more
sort of realistic but realism is not really what roleplaying
is about.  In fact, if you get too real or too bogged down
by rules you are no longer really roleplaying so much as
just obeying the rules. 

Personally I like to choose my role and how I play it, not have
it forced upon me the way THEY think I should play it.



Summary: 

What does all of this come down to? Well, more than
fostering a roleplaying enviornment it is really just
making a new EQ server with a harder ruleset. As in several
points above and on several current servers who do
we see being attracted the most to new servers ESPECIALLY
with new server rulesets making them harder or more
challenging? That is right, powergamers - optimizers.
What else will we have on this server simply due to the
fact that its called "roleplaying?" Yep, a large anti roleplaying
contigent will form on it purposefully going out of their way
to RP AT ALL just to make a point, be mean, irritate others, etc
because they can and because of course verant won't do a
thing to prevent that since you can't really enforce customer
behavior unless they break some alreay existing play nice rule.

So really rather than "how many people will play on it" 
you should be asking "why would you bother?" Tons of people
are going to be playing on it but they are not all going
to be doing what you want or roleplaying. In other words, its
going to be exactly like every other EQ server but with a 
different ruleset. 

Its the same old story, you can't enforce or control roleplaying
in a subscription based massively multiplayer game because
your customers PAY for it so telling them they are not roleplaying
enough and giving them the boot would be frowned upon and
frankly very bad for business. Muds have done this since they are 
free and have comparitvely extremely few players making it so that
if you refuse to roleplay its easy to notice and remove you.
You can make up whatever convoluted ruleset you want but
its not going to change behavior but instead difficulty.

Really I think the best way to have it seem more roleplaying like
would be to remove every single static campable spawn in the
entire game and totally randomize all loot to drop from creatures
of a sufficient power to drop it. You can't be a powergamer and
camp the FBSS because the frog who drops it is gone and
so is it, instead some people killing hill giants in mountain rathe
or those high level goblins in the lake of ill omen or whatever
wherever else might have a very slim to nil chance of getting an
FBSS or tons of other rare loot which was removed from static mobs
 with PH's and dumped to whatever things all over the world
of a similar level as very rare drops. 

It just seems to me that its better to go for making the server not
as much about powergaming or camping as it is to try and 
enforce roleplaying. Remove the powergaming types and there
is more roleplaying. The powergamer won't want to have to be slumming
it killing stuff all over the world with everyone hoping to get super
rare good loot. 

Of course they won't ever do this since it would mean totally
rebuilding EQ to the way it should have been originally. So you 
won't ever see this, although I bet star wars online has
something similar (they've already been saying they are
not going to have EQ things like camping, as much downtime, etc)




email:
d0steph0en@hom0e.com removing the 0's. 


