From 2777279568399603883
X-Google-Thread: fb739,eaf9f9351edf16b5
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 25 Jul 2006 05:16:30 -0500
Date: Tue, 25 Jul 2006 06:16:28 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Ready for the Combine server
References: <Xns980AB62F02459rumbledorhotmailcom@216.196.97.142>
In-Reply-To: <Xns980AB62F02459rumbledorhotmailcom@216.196.97.142>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <aeSdnSS80-_jcljZnZ2dnUVZ_qqdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 222
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.47.209
X-Trace: sv3-hBdp5r1qWJB72M+lLfx+tN6PFysORylDLpP3OlJoZxvzwjTv2/3CfgcPw3cFQKchWaecvTCctUC+8PG!DgMC5uCNTBGlATkuOMJg+16sda0BdMOR1u1P+hOUdtHAtZObwPvKCX3Sz02SP2dS5tO2+rK2Q5tG!U1nxSKD/zaA=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3381



Richard Carpenter wrote:

> Then, as that day approached, I began to consider just what the world of 
> Norrath would be like during the first days on the progression servers 
> and decided to wait a bit.
> 
The "first few days" were incredible, times when the spawn site of every 
orc pawn were camped, over 400 people in GFay, and everything you'd 
expect with it.  However, people rapidly quit the server, or quit 
pushing so hard, or leveled up at different rates; by the second day it 
was entirely possible to level up without driving yourself crazy, by the 
fourth day you could play in a somewhat normal fashion in most zones.

By now, its somewhat like Norrath of old times, population about 4 times 
that of any current server, and crammed into just the old world zones, 
so you won't ever find a zone with no people... but its still always 
possible to find things to do that aren't camped out, because there are 
everything from first levels to 50th levels playing.

> Here it is, a month later, and I'm ready to give it a go. I figure the 
> newbie areas have calmed down significantly by now. Trouble is, I seem to 
> be suffering from Lance Berg's disease ("I...I..i...AM THE LUCKIEST 
> GNOME...OMe...ome...ON THE FACE OF NORRATH...RAth...rath..."). I can't 
> freaking decide what class to play! I've really played them all to some 
> extent - enough to have a pretty good notion of what they're all about, 
> but only a couple to any significant level. My problem isn't that I can't 
> find one to suit me, it's that I can't decide which one's *not* to play, 
> really.
> 
The fact that EQ is fun to play in so many classes, in so many different 
ways, even after all this time, is generally a tribute to the oft 
maligned folks at SOE who've been working on "class balance" and the 
many folks on the forums who agitate for change... and I suppose to the 
original Vision, though I still shudder to hear it mentioned).

> I'm seriously considering the following:
> 
> Ranger - A nice offensive class with many perks, not the least of which 
> being tracking, which is insanely useful. I like melee'ing being an 
> option for getting out of a scrape.
> 
Well Druids and Bards also get tracking, and it is really hard to play 
any class without track once  you've tried it.  But there's a good 
amount of anti ranger prejudice out there these days, they're widely 
regarded as too poorly armored to stand as tanks, and yet unable to do 
sufficient damage to be considered DPS.  I'm not sure to what extent 
this is really true over the first 50 levels, and with only old world 
itemization, but I think the perception will mean you'll find few groups 
unless you form them yourself.

Also, the "first 50 levels" and "old world itemization" won't hold for 
long, Kunark opens soon which means its first 60 levels but still no AA, 
and classic/Kunark itemization.  And I guess a month after that, 
Velious... and so on.

I wouldn't advise this class unless you like to solo a lot, or are 
willing to do the added work of forming your own groups much of the 
time.  Level enough to catch up with me and I'll be glad to group with 
you, but I'm too lazy to form my own, so that won't actually help you.

> Mage - This was one of the classes I've enjoyed the most in the past, and 
> their summoned items would really be of great benefit on the progression 
> server. Trouble is, it seems everyone else thinks so as well. Plus, the 
> one major flaw I've seen in this class is spell research. Talk about a 
> chore!
> 
Mages are popular, but not wildly so, and their summoned items are very 
low on the totem pole of importance; there's no summoned armor, there 
are no summoned focus jewelry items, people have better weapons than you 
can summon already.  You're down to the occaisional demand for 
waterstones, lowbies who can't afford magic weapons yet but want to hunt 
wisps for the small chance of GLS jackpot drops, and the like.

The reason mages are popular is that they are a good solid DPS class, 
arguably the best DPS class in the current game, where rangers don't yet 
have EQ etc. AA's, and rogues generally suffer from crappy weapons, and 
there are no berserkers at all... with a strong pet for constant melee 
DPS and occaisional nuking and DS, long term DPS production is pretty 
good, and then burning thru your mana bar fast gives you a good strong 
spike of burst DPS when needed.

That said, the game doesn't appear to be swimming with mages, there are 
certainly quite a few, but I've been in plenty of groups where a mage 
was sought and not found, and some other "DPS" class taken instead, or 
where no DPS class at all could be found LFG.

Spell research, as someone else mentioned, isn't a problem as there are 
professional researchers out there selling the spells themselves, or 
willing to do the combines for you if you bring them the parts for a 
more modest fee.

> Beastlord - Of all the classes, this is the one I've played the least, 
> though I did enjoy it. Again, however, pet class = more popular on a 
> progression server.
> 
Won't be out until Luclin release which is hopefully at least two months 
down the line (we have no firm word on the minimum time per expansion, 
but its been a month from release till Kunark even though the trigger 
mobs were killed within two weeks).  You're right that pet classes are 
popular, both among players and among people looking for the "DPS" part 
of a group, which is two or three slots instead of the just one allotted 
to Tank or Healer or CC.  But again, don't seem to be overcrowded.  I 
think the thing you might like least is that there will undoubtedly be a 
huge spike of people playing Beastlords when they are released, so you 
won't be entering a relatively mature server where your competition is 
spread out over the range of levels, but rather will be competing 
against all the other newly minted Beasts.

> Shaman - One of my most-played classes. I really liked it, though canni-
> dancing gets old. Trouble is, I don't care for the evil shaman options, 
> and don't want to replay a Barbarian shaman all over again.
> 
Cannidancing will be worse than it has in a couple years, since the LOY 
mini torpor (Stupor?) won't be in for quite a few more expansions to go; 
its back to the old days where you have to deal with normal healing or 
regen until 60 and then go thru the hell that is actually getting 
Torpor.  My shaman had mini torpor at 44, and I think a mount before 
that; I've never played one as primative as the one you'd have to play.

Your options at the moment are limited to Barb, Ogre, Troll, but on 
Friday you'll also have Iksar... but you'll also be faced with the 
hundreds of other people who start over or have been waiting to start as 
Iksar of one sort or another.  Since you dislike the intense crowding, 
I'd wait another 4 or 5 days after that.

The other two options are Vah Shir, which won't be around till Luclin, 
again at least a couple months away, and Frogloc, which is even further 
away.

I played a troll shaman and was quite happy with him, although I did 
suffer from Race Envy towards Ogres; if you solo a good deal as many 
shaman do, the "not getting stunned by frontal melee attacks" thing is 
very attractive.  On the other hand, non Trolls envy the regen, and non 
barbs envy the significantly lower Exp penalty... at least until Vah 
Shir and Frogloc, neither of which have any penalty at all.


> Enchanter - Another one of my most-played classes, though I still never 
> broke 40 (heh, that sounds odd when I actually say it, as I spent a lot 
> of time only to have gotted to the high 30's on that one). I always found 
> crowd control to be very fun and it will be even more important on a 
> progression server. Stacking issues, though?...
> 
While popular, there aren't so many enchanters around that you can 
always find one for your group, much less two.  And with KEI not yet in 
the game (and for some time to come, isn't it a high end Luclin spell?) 
you don't suffer from the "we already have KEI what do we need an 
enchanter for" syndrome so much.  CC is in demand as people tend towards 
a strategy of pulling several and then fighting one at a time as the 
fastest way to exp, rather than splitting and pulling one by one.  If 
you pick chanter, you'll definately be working up a sweat.

Most groups have a slot for CC, and few want to fill it with a necro, 
your only real competition are bards... but with mana based DPS classes 
currently the rage, you'll find many groups which take both chanter and 
bard; the bard becomes backup CC but focuses on their many other bardly 
abilities and stacks their mana song with your clarity.

> Druid - Would be great fun, but it's probably the most active class on 
> the server.
> 
Hardly, druids are actually somewhat lean on the hoof... of course a 
good many of them are anon/role so as to avoid constant port begging, 
but I haven't grouped with many at all, nor does the world seem to be 
swimming with them.  I'd be more concerned about desirability in the 
higher end game as Kunark etc. open up, its uncertain when the 
"semiCheal" spells will actually enter the game, but there's going to be 
a gap where druid heal spells simply aren't up to the challenge and 
you'll be competing for the DPS slot.  Druids also suffer from the 
perception, which is greater than the reality, that they are very much 
second teir as far as healers go; shaman and cleric are sought out and 
druids accepted only if you can't find one of the other two.

> Necro - Possibly second only to the druid as the most active class on the 
> server. Never played one past the mid-teens, but enjoyed it.
> 
I know its not what you meant, but my recent experience is that this is 
the most Inactive class on the server; more often than not when I've 
been in a group with a necro he's been the sort who is phoning it in, 
sending pet and doing nothing else... or even getting caught not sending 
his pet, AFK for ten minutes at a stretch, or even FD and went to bed 
best as we could tell.  At this point, so many people have had this sort 
of experience with necromancers that they are starting to voice doubts 
about inviting members of the class into groups.

Active necromancers, who work as chain pullers bringing mobs back to the 
group and dumping them with a DOT and the pet while they run off for 
more, or even ones who simply pull their weight, are a great addition to 
a group, but you'll need to fight the forming weight of suspicion, first 
against the difficulties of getting a group with that sort of 
perception, and then by talking it up and making it clear that you, at 
least, aren't perma AFK or just letting your pet do all your work.

If you want groups where you are CC, you'll probably have to form them 
yourself, to this day, few are aware of a necro's mez abilities and 
fewer still want to rely on it.  While with mez, his pet, and root, a 
necro can handle a six pull with some effort, and deliver some of the 
mobs already half dead by the time the group gets to them, the general 
poor reputation of the class is such that not many will consider this 
fact when picking teammates.



> Ahh, well. Any comments are welcome.
> 

You skipped so many classes... I'm thinking you've done a great job of 
narrowing it down.  And I think based on what you've said and what my 
perceptions are of the combine server, that I can narrow it further, you 
should pick a mage or an enchanter; the reasons you didn't want to play 
them don't seem to apply, and I can't think of other reasons you 
wouldn't want to, unlike with the other classes among your choices.

No wait, you should pick an enchanter, that way I can hit you up for 
clarity before I go solo.  I mean, duo with you when you get higher 
level, yeah, thats what I meant.  For an SK, there's no more important 
class, and (at least at my level) yes this does include Cleric, despite 
what a certain someone might think.

Berg, 43 gnome SK, Combine


