From -1844538686031132467
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,53f40748a567248d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: mike@mikeshea.net (Mike Shea)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 39: Torment
Date: 1 Jun 2004 13:26:53 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 150
Message-ID: <f4b815e0.0406011226.44a4f0be@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.160.51.70
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1086121613 32116 127.0.0.1 (1 Jun 2004 20:26:53 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 1 Jun 2004 20:26:53 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:4487

Tales of Loral
Chapter 39: Torment

From the worn leather-bound journal of Loral Ciriclight buried on a
shelf of infinite books in New Tanaan

It was 3168 in the Age of Turmoil. Only a few months earlier we found
that all of Norrath's lands had been folded closer, connected to they
planar city of New Tanaan in the Plane of Knowledge. I remember how
strange and wonderful it was traveling a short twelve steps between
Felwithe and Halas, a trip that took six weeks by foot and boat. Now
these portals have entrenched themselves into every aspect of our
society, changing a thousand years of culture and economics by the
removal of geographical boundaries. How quickly we have accepted these
planar gateways and now treat them as a dirt path through the woods or
an oak wheel on a cart. They are commonplace to us now and few of us
can ever recall the world without them.

Now powerful adventurers have entered the Plane of Time. What changes
will we find as hunters and treasure seekers begin tugging on the
strings that tie together our past and future? The swing of an
enchanted blade may sever the chain our very existence or release
horrors beyond imagination. How can we possibly understand the
ramifications of our actions? The life of a quarter of a million
Erudites could be snuffed out like the flame of a candle.

Why do we go? I find myself asking this question often. Is it the will
of Tunare? In the great balance of the outer planes, her realm and the
hells of nightmare and disease cannot threaten each other. Is it the
will of the church and the safety of Felwithe? I doubt the demons of
these deep planes could comprehend such an intrusion. We cannot be
sure the demonkind could survive in our world at all. The pollen of a
flower may be as toxic to them as Trakanon's breath is to us. Is it
the thrill of adventure that pushes us to these outer worlds? After
seeing the darkness within some of these terrible places, one must
question the sanity of such a motivation.

Few questions in life have simple answers. Many variables drive our
actions. I cannot say why my friends and I entered the Plane of
Torment but whatever the reasons, there we were.

I had seen the world of the banished in a vision some months previous,
but I was unprepared for the feeling of sheer hopelessness as we
beheld the horrible world. There are very real dangers in this prison
world but it is the mental terror that is the most dangerous. Were it
not for my stout friends, Stonehewer, Semidil, Kabbal, Juror, Vuldar,
and Norque, I would have fled as soon as my eyes beheld the blood red
sky and black sea.

The air in torment was thick and hot. Though breathable, our bodies
revolted with each forced breath, rejecting the smell and taste of
blood and decay. Faint screams, moans, and unsettling laughter rolled
across the black water. The cells of Torment, rooms suspended from
chains that led up into the red haze of the infinite sky, held beasts
older than Norrath. Demons who spend their days within their own
insanity, hating all life itself and wishing for the destruction of
all life including their own. With trepidation our party took our
first steps onto the first of hundreds of suspended walkways.

The deafening scream of the bloodravens was our first welcome to this
hell. The psychic attack drowned out any ability to call upon our
magical powers. The beasts flew on oily black wings. They stared at us
with bloody eye-less sockets and filled our minds with visions of
endless terror. They ripped into our skin with a power and ferocity
far beyond their size. While our magical powers were limited, the
blades of Stonehewer, Kabbal, and Semidil quickly cut down the demonic
birds, their screaming fading along with whatever life force they had.

Within the mental screams of the eyeless bloodravens I heard the
laughter of Xuzl. The demonic entity trapped in my shield showed me
just how unprepared we mortals were to even think we could understand
what we were seeing. The demon projected his feelings of elation woven
into the thicker fabric of horror. Even with his tauntings, his
protections saved my life.

The Kaniz Hunter and Boruk Ravager made up for their lack of subtlety
with pure physical power. Like most creatures of the outer planes,
their crude language was intermixed with telepathic visions of their
intent to rip off our limbs and feast on our blood. To feel the
pleasure these unholy beasts felt at the thought or our own torture is
a mental paradox beyond what mortal minds should face. To see ones
self as so alien a being is terrible indeed.

Thank Tunare that their physical forms were natural enough for blades
and spells to combat. Kabbal's great axe cut into the hoof of one,
breaking the bone at an odd angle above its twisted backwards knee.
Far from defeated, the beast sunk its claws deep into Kabbal's thigh
ripping into flesh and muscle. My own prayers to Tunare sealed the
mortal wound and Stonehewer's blazing greatsword beheaded the demon.

With the finest elven swordsmanship, Semidil plunged his blades into
the second demon's chest to the hilt. Semidil stared at the blazing
red eyes of the demon, expecting the massive creature to fall over
dead. The Boruk Ravager laughed and punched the warrior in the face,
sending him skidding across the stone walkway. A barrage of magic
assaulted the creature, waves of poisons, disease, and clouds of
darkness engulfed it as both Juror and Norque chanted. The red eyes
went white as blindness took over the demon. Stonehewer promptly
beheaded the second beast, seeming to prefer this method of
dispatching the demons of Torment.

We traveled for four days along the suspended walkways of the prison
world. Succumbing to curiosity, I ventured close to one of these
buildings and what I saw made me wish I had not. I do not know how
demons come to exist, whether simply created by their god or perhaps
the manifestation of imperfections in our own world. I do know that no
natural force could have created the Constructs. The beast was a mass
of pulsating veiny flesh. It dragged its weight with a number of
swollen tentacles, each ending in a mouth lined with needle-like
teeth. It had no visible eyes, but three of the larger tentacles
turned my way and I heard a gurgling hiss. With uncanny speed for such
an unwieldy beast the hideous creation attacked and it wasn't alone.

Kabbal severed three of the hideous mouthed tentacles from the beast
with a swing of his axe. Daninulaer, my summoned hammer, smashed in
the skull of another wolf-headed demon. A third, seeing it was out
numbered, grabbed Semidil by his chain tunic and in a flash of black
light, the two disappeared. Two more demons roared in and with the
tentacle Construct still quite alive, our luck had run out.

Our astral lines snapped tight as the claws ripped into us. The lines
dragged our spiritual projections back into the Plane of Tranquility.
There was a moment of panic until we saw Semidil unconscious next to
us. Mentally exhausted but safe, we ended our exploration into Torment
the only way we could have, defeated. Other adventurers had been
trapped, doomed to an eternity of pain and misery. We did return,
however, with a tale to tell and a little smarter for the experience.

Two years ago the Shissar gave me the greatest gift I had ever been
given and then ripped it out of my mind like a barbed arrow. For two
days they injected sixty years of a life I had never lived into me. I
fell in love with and married a woman who has never existed. Sometimes
in that place between sleep and consciousness I can still feel her
next to me, her hand draped across my chest. Then I awaken further and
remember that she was nothing but a dark electricity burned into my
mind and I weep. Sometimes I hear my son's laugh in the streets of the
bazaar and I turn with a smile before my mind reminds me that he was
never born. For two years I have had to struggle with the acceptance
that none of it was real.

Sometimes I wonder if I have left the ancient laboratories of the
Shissar warlocks at all. I wonder if I am still living my own life or
living the sixty year lie they wrapped around me. One thing convinces
me that the life I live now is real; I never questioned the one the
Shissar fed to me. I enter the Planes for a few reasons, but there is
one strong one I do not wish to admit. I go to the Planes because it
is the only place that feels real. The surrealism of the outer planes
wraps around me like the embrace of a mother and for just a moment I
remember the feel of Elandra's hand in mine. That is usually just
before the demons come.


