From 8257135044096032747
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,264c7b573ddccbfb,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-25 04:49:40 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!newsfeed2.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!easynews-local!news.easynews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Lewzephyr <lewiszephyr@clotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: MELEE CHAT LOG, NOVEMBER 24, 2003
Message-ID: <hrj6svkl5stbepgbpva549fgr72rd4jrdj@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.91/32.564
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 350
X-Complaints-To: abuse@easynews.com
Organization: EasyNews, UseNet made Easy!
X-Complaints-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
Date: Tue, 25 Nov 2003 12:49:39 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:9097


Absor: Welcome to the chat. 

Absor: Thank you for coming. We'll be taking questions about the
upcoming enhancement to melee classes. If you haven't read the outline
for those changes, please visit EverQuestlive.com site (specifically -
http://eqlive.station.sony.com/community/dev_view.jsp?id=59510) to
read up on the proposed changes. Ask us anything you'd like about the
new system or melee in general. If we don't have time to answer them
all here, we'll be recording the 

Paul Carrico: Evening everyone. I am Paul Carrico, Assistant Lead Game
Designer on EverQuest. Or as others have known me, Frizznik the Gnome.

Todd Schmidt: Hello, I am Todd Schmidt, Assistant Lead Programmer on
EverQuest. I am known has Hobart on Test Server. 

John Troy: Hey, I'm John Troy, Game Designer on EverQuest 

Oliver Smith: Hello everyone. I'm Oliver J. Smith, the Lead Designer
of EverQuest Live & Expansions. Others may remember me as Valtron. 

Jamey Ryan: Hey, I am Jamey Ryan, Lead Programmer on EverQuest. 

Ryan Barker: Hi, I'm Ryan Barker game Designer for EQ, sometimes known
as Rytan. 

Absor: *Wilhelm_Lany* Hi. I have a three-fold of questions. 1) Can we
expect any changes in terms of agro on demand; instant agro
generation, without waiting for an opening.? 2) how will increasing
the endurance bar work, in terms of getting higher endurance, and
endurance regen? 3) how will accessing these new skills once the
opening is available work? 

John Troy: 1) Yes, the system we're getting allows us to create
abilities that aren't tied to openings. We will be giving warriors
more options for aggro generation 

John Troy: 2) The endurance bar is based on your melee stats and
level. Regen is currently based on your level 

John Troy: 3) There will be an extra UI window to put hotkeys for the
new skills, which will be accessible with keyboard shortcuts 

Ryan Barker: we're still tuning specific values so we don't have
actual numbers set in stone yet for endurance costs and regen. 

Absor: *Galidin* How do you intend to maintain the desirability of
knights in your new melee system when they already produce far less
damage then pure melee, while you fix core issues such as taunt which
have been the strong suit of knights? 

Ryan Barker: There's several aspects of the melee revamp, one aspect
of which is the new opening system. There's plans on addressing other
specific problems with melee in addition to the new system. 

Ryan Barker: The goal is to create a balance where knights and
warriors both have equal desirability in different situations. 

Ryan Barker: We're really excited about all the new changes we're
making and we're anxious to get them out on test where we can tune
them and see them in action. 

Absor: *Coronis* When are you anticipating these changes going live on
regular servers? 

Oliver Smith: Our changes are expected to go live during the December
16th update that'll be happening next month. We also plan on
introducing them to the Test Server very soon. Feel free to log on the
Test Server and use /feedback to tell us what you think about our
changes. We'd be happy to hear everyone's thoughts on the systems that
are being created. 

Absor: *CeNo65-FOH* How will acumen, zing and others spells with
similar effects, pertain to the new changes? 

Ryan Barker: We're removing the old invigor type effects that restored
stamina entirely for now. It's possible we'll be adding endurance
regen abilities later on but for now we don't want melee to be any
more dependant on getting buffs to make use of the new system. 

Ryan Barker: We decided to do that because it's really an entirely new
system, and has very little to do with how the old stamina bar worked.

Absor: *Hamen* Will these Melee changes effect everyone from level the
first level on? 

Paul Carrico: You will be able to take advantage of the new melee
opening system when you begin receiving new combat abilities at level
20. 

Absor: *Illydth* As far as openings go, will any class be able to
create an opening for themselves or are openings only created by
certain classes? 

John Troy: You will be able to take advantage of openings that you
create. Some openings will work for everyone, but there's no link
between your opening and someone else's. There are no combinations or
dependencies on other players. 

Absor: *ScootD* How can you acquire the new melee abilities? 

Ryan Barker: The new abilities will be acquired by taking a "skill
tome" to your guild master and he'll teach you the skill. Most of the
basic skills will be available on vendors, while a few high level ones
will be drops. Right now we're planning on giving almost all of the
sub 60 skills on merchants and having the 60+ skills using a system
similar to the parchments quests in Planes of Power. From there on out
we'll most likely make use of the same methods that you already use to
acquire any other type of item. 

Absor: *Lendaor* are many openings going to be based on mob placement?
Such as from behind the mob as opposed to being in front? 

Ryan Barker: None of the abilities currently take advantage of your
position relative to the mob, so no you won't have to be behind or in
front of the mob in order to take advantage of the new abilities. 

Absor: *Badu* Will pure melee have their current DPS lowered to take
into account the extra dps from this system? 

Ryan Barker: No, there will be no decrease in melee's DPS to account
for the increase from the new system. We're creating the system in
such a way that they'll fit in right on top of the old one. 

Absor: *Subayai* Will disciplines be overhauled are or you simply
transferring them over to this endurance system? Most melees only use
1 or 2 disciplines, because the others serve no useful purpose in
their current state . 

John Troy: We'll be making changes to some of the disciplines that
aren't very useful, as well as giving them different timers. You will
still only be able to have one discipline going at a time 

Absor: *Flaash* How long will the play have to take advantage of an
opening, and how will excessive server side Lag (elemental planes)
handle this ? 

John Troy: We're still tuning it, but our goal is to make the strategy
be in what skill you decide is best to use at the time, not in
fast-reaction or twitch gameplay 

Absor: *Sabrosia* HOW will these openings be presented? For instance,
will a new window open - and we click a button - will we have to issue
a command? 

Todd Schmidt: There will be a UI indicator that pops up when you can
activate an opening. And yes, you will be clicking a button as opposed
to typing in a command. Once you activate the opening, that same
window will show the opening effect. 

Absor: *Dranix* will jumping to negotiate obstacles or people remove
from my endurance pool for combat and disciplines? 

Ryan Barker: Jumping will drain a portion of your endurance yes, but
it's a relatively minor amount. 

Absor: *Tenludar* How will skill points be handled for warriors that
have already progressed in the game? Will a level 65 be expected to
spend hours doing nothing but training to get their skills up? 

Ryan Barker: You won't need to use skill points in order to learn the
new skills, they're either on or off, there's no period of bringing
them up to full power so to speak. 

Ryan Barker: The only thing you need to do is give the tome to the
guild master and you'll have the full skill. 

Absor: *Drewon-FoH* Will there be any new AA skills that are tied to,
or create, these new melee abilities? 

Ryan Barker: There will AA abilities that will effect the new system
yes. We don't have a hard and fast list for it yet though. 

Absor: *Barney* it was mentioned some openings are available after
certain skills go off, like parry. What about classes who do not have
certain abilities. Like monks for example who lack parry. 

John Troy: For monks, it's based on dodge, block, and riposte. We're
tuning the rate that they happen based on the skills each class has. 

Todd Schmidt: In addition to these melee changes, we have made a few
others separate from this. All warriors regardless of level will now
mitigate a percentage of all incoming melee damage. Monk will also now
be able to dodge when being hit from behind, this should aid their
pulling abilities. 

Absor: *Voldeth-BB* How will the new system affect a melee's role?
Clearly it will support the tanking of a warrior, but what of the
monk? What will their role be? 

John Troy: The melee skills aren't limited to the dps or defense of
the player that uses it. There are debuffs and group affects as well.
The goal with the skill sets is to provide more of a role for the pure
melee during combat 

Absor: *VALBARR* It has been stated by Ryan Barker that position won't
affect the skills, but in the chat overview, it states that position
can change the effectiveness of certain skills ? 

Ryan Barker: The reference to the positional aspect in the doc on the
website was an error. We're not going to have skills dependant on
position. 

Absor: *Dakkon* how many moves are you planning to introduce? 

Ryan Barker: We're planning on over 20 skills for each class to begin
with and we'll be adding even more in the future. 

Absor: *KyrosKrane* I apologize if this was asked before; I missed the
first half of the chat. Assuming an extended fight (e.g., Luclin
bosses), how many openings per unit time could each player of an
appropriate class expect? 

John Troy: We're still tuning it. We're looking at a few per fight,
though. We're aiming for making each opening more important, not
something that is making you hit an extra 20 keys a minute 

Absor: *Avelariel* Can we make absolutely clear, these openings are
solely for warriors, rogues and monks? Unless that's not the case 

Ryan Barker: Yes we're only adding the new opening system for
warriors, rogues, and monks. The discipline system revamp will be for
all classes that currently make use of disciplines though. 

Absor: *Woody_GU* How exactly does this re-establish balance? Why does
this constitute a "fix"? And not a bandaid on top of a semi-broken
existing system? 

Ryan Barker: The new system is only one aspect of the melee revamp,
there's several other changes in the works for them as well. 

Paul Carrico: You can quote Barker in the comics Woody. 

Ryan Barker: One of the major advantages of the new system is allowing
us to more easily add new abilities to the pure melee classes. 

Ryan Barker: There's several aspects of the existing system that are
going to be adjusted, I'd keep an eye on test server if you're
interested in more specifics. 

Absor: *Arlos-LOS* If openings are tuned to block/dodge/riposte, what
happens if we're not tanking? This would seem to be most applicable to
monks & rogues. How do we activate the new abilities if we're, say,
fighting a raid mob and doing DPS? 

John Troy: There are other events that trigger openings based on your
regular attacks. If you're in a situation where you aren't tanking,
you'll get more of those kinds of openings. 

John Troy: You have a chance to trigger an opening on any attack or
special attack 

John Troy: NPC's also have a chance to "fumble," creating an opening
that anyone fighting it can take advantage of 

Absor: *Layn* How will the new skills affect aggro if successfully
used? 

Ryan Barker: There's several new abilities planned that will effect
aggro generation. Some might increase your aggro while others might
lower it. 

Absor: *Adorae* just fix taunt? LOL 

John Troy: Saying that taunt is the one and only issue is fairly
shortsighted, I think. Pure melee have very few strategic decisions to
make, don't get new abilities with an expansion the way casters do,
and don't get as much from an item with both hp and mana. These are
all issues that people have raised, and this system gives us a way to
address them. 

Absor: *Razorback* Will debuff disciplines stack, or will having more
than one person using that make it a wasted use?

Ryan Barker: It really depends on the debuff. Generally there will be
enough different abilities you can take advantage of that you'll have
several skills that will be useful even if you have several of the
same class present. 

Absor: *faithcrusher* When an opening exists, you will be offered more
than one option? Like one that would be aggressive in nature and one
that would be defensive? 

Todd Schmidt: When you are presented with an opening, you will have to
make a decision on what type of ability you want to use. There will be
many per opening type. And there are a few opening types. 

Absor: *Depen_Hoss* Will class specific items be adjusted to add
endurance, or will we need to look for new items? 

Oliver Smith: We do plan on adding endurance stats onto existing
items. We plan to have this done at the same time the new system is
introduced next month (Dec. 16th). 

Absor: *Kilbane_luc* Will we have to buy a new expansion to use these
skills too? 

Paul Carrico: This is a free feature. It will become available to
everyone! 

Absor: *Illydth* VERY important question: Since we have a chance to
trigger a special attack with every attack, does it then mean that
haste and dual wielding and double attacking means more "openings"? 

John Troy: More attacks will help a little, but in general they scale
around delay 

Absor: *Aeria* Question, this sounds great and all and maybe I missed
this point..but if the openings are part of our text..thats ok for
groups but major raids where the text OFTEN becomes sluggish means we
will miss the opportunity to strike...is there going to be a visual
clue? 

John Troy: The opening is going to display on the UI - you won't have
to watch your textbox for them 

Paul Carrico: Another thing for warriors that some of you may have
noticed on test is that you will now get a return message when taunt
is used, so you will know if it was effective. 

Absor: *Aalek* Will the abilities have "cast" times? Can they be
interrupted by the NPC? Can pure melee NPCs use the abilities against
players? 

John Troy: No, skills, like bash, kick, and taunt, are instant. 

Paul Carrico: The taunt return message will be for everyone, not just
Warriors. 

Absor: *Bumpper-Test* Will Taunt be increased for warriors?...Its a
simple question that I know a lot of warriors want to know 

John Troy: Yes, we're giving warriors skills to better gain and keep
hate.

John Troy: We're not changing the way Taunt itself works. We're adding
a new skill that doesn't require an opening, as well as others that
do, to address the issue.

Oliver Smith: There have been a few questions with regards to upcoming
expansions and features. At this time we cannot go into detail about
what's in development. However, please make sure to watch the
EverQuestlive.com site for more information over the next few weeks. 

Absor: We're hoping to do this on a more regular basis. It's a lot of
fun for us, and hopefully provides some useful information. 

Absor: That's all the time we have. We should have a transcript posted
on the site tomorrow. Thank you all for stopping in!


