From 205854554378662160
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b7a91330b8885f28
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-19 08:26:10 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Shameless bragging: Sleeper awoken on Zebuxuruk
Date: Mon, 19 Nov 2001 11:24:16 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3BF93230.399C5C39@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <LAlv7TA36R+7Ew0u@armoury1.demon.co.uk>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 71
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:136944

Ben wilson wrote:
> 
> OK, I know I'm bragging, but I'm proud of the achievement, so sue me
> ):oP

First off, massive congratulations to you and Dark Horizons. Somehow,
ever since your posting here answering my questions for "A Day in the
Life of a Warlord" I was kind of expecting this post. Glad to hear you
managed it. (Since you're not on *my* server, that is. heh heh)
 
> 3 Full scale attempts - 1st down to 'Ve', 2nd past enrage to a sliver of
> red, then 3rd and final kill as we refined our strategy each time.

I'm curious..... what was the downtime between attempts? I mean from the
point where it was obvious you'd failed, and when you had all the
rezzing done, buffing, medding, etc. and ready to rock? How long were
you guys in ST total to pull this off?
 
> WHen the final warder fell, the sleeper awoke and went rampaging through
> the zones as the script unfolded flawlessly. Dragon battles raged across
> Norrath and Kerafym wreaked his terrible revenge. Jaled Dar cackled in
> glee as his underhand plan to trick us into freeing his pal worked as DN
> went crazy. Yelinak put up a good fight, but eventually fell to
> Kerafym's relentless pummeling. Phara Dar called all his followers to
> him to hide behind. Vox and Naggy booked their long overdue honeymoon.

Ok, now this is... what? The fourth time the Sleeper has been woken up?
And we've gotten different reports about the reactions (or lack thereof)
of dragons outside of SoV.  Did you get confirmation about Vox and
Naggy? And did they just *say* they were joining each other, or did Vox
really take off and head up to Permafrost?

> Grats to Verant for designing such an entertaining show. It's a real
> sense of achievement to trigger such a word changing event, and has it's
> effects directly seen throughout the world.

I've got to ask..... surely you two aren't the only ST capable guilds on
Zeb. Or even if you are, there must be some others who were working
their way up towards that. Have you already gotten, or do you expect any
flack, fallout, etc. from other guilds now that you just shut down the
zone for all intents and purposes?  I mean, I'm told that primal can
still be farmed out of ST after this event, but the overall loot picture
gets dismal compared to the pre-waking days. The guild I'm being asked
to join is still several members away from even doing ToV yet, so we're
not going to be there any time soon, but I know I'd still probably feel
a bit sketchy about the guild who wakes him on Xev. (Has to be a
combination of Harmonium and Altera Vitae if it's to happen, and *if*
they could pull it off even with the two of them together.)

> An added bonus was the loot. We hit the jackpot: 3 shrouds and 2 hammers
> (Grats monkies!), as well as one of those green stones with, 'I woke the
> sleeper and all I got was this crappy rock' written on the bottom.

What are the details on those weapons? I've seen no publication of ST
loot to speak of except Steel Warriors page, and don't recall shrouds,
hammers, or green soveinier rocks. heh.
 
> Now we just have to find out how to put him back in his cage. Damn that
> Jaled is a wily trickster and no mistake!

I'll take a look to see if I can find it, since I think it would be of
interest to you guys...... there was a thread on the Sony developers
board back before Brad quit where they talked about that. One comment
from the VI folks, IIRC, was along the lines of "Yeah.... we probably
*should* put in a way to get the sleeper back in his cage." so it may
not be implemented yet.
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"Physics and Law Enforcement -- if it weren't for those two, I'd be
unstoppable."


