From 3314741225878724252
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bab5c740d7d4c9c1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-05-10 09:33:43 PST
Path: newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: HH question for Jazz
Date: Thu, 10 May 2001 12:32:41 -0400
Organization: Cheesy Goodness
Message-ID: <3AFAC2A9.4B2E0E3D@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <DCxK6.218610$o9.30742390@typhoon.tampabay.rr.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 74
Xref: newsfeed.google.com alt.games.everquest:75287

SuperSizeMe wrote:

> Growing tired of LoIO and want to try other places

Congrats. I grew tired of that abortion of a zone two characters ago. ;-)

> I know you spent alot of time in HH and keep for early 20's or so... As a
> fellow Troll, I would like to check it out.  What is the safest route to get
> there? Where did you bind?  What about merchants and bank?
>
> Also, any general tips you can give me for the keep would be appreciated.
> Sorry if you posted this info in the past, I can't seem to find any old
> related posts on my news server.
>
> Bagbkabau Troll SK of 23 something or others

Well, you waited a bit long to *start* there, but that's still ok. I went there
at 18/19.  Here's a thumbnail of what help I can offer:
First, getting there. I don't know what route you took to get to LoIO, whether
it was the bloated belly in OT, or somehow you snuck through FV, but either way,
reverse it and get back to Oasis/Ro. Then just dash to the tunnel, out into
E.Commons (stay off  the trails and away from the inns. The guards won't care
much for you.) Run up the sandy side of the zone, into W.C. (again, avoiding the
inn and guards) up to the Kithcorre zone. (No need to warn you about daylight,
etc. I'm sure.) That will take you to Highhold on the orc side, which is where
you want to be. The Gnoll side is way too low for you.  Get into a group there,
and even if you can't, ask the group leader if you can just bash each of their
orcs once and get on a waiting list.  I never had anyone refuse, and it's nice
to have an extra big guy there in case a pull goes south.  The bad news here is
that a LOT of those orcs will be green to you, except maybe the medics, the
named orcs, a few others.  Try to collect ALL the scalps you can. If you have
the cash, auction to buy more. I'm talking hundreds here.  You'll get positive
faction hits for each orc you get a hit on.  You can check your faction by going
past the orc area to the first underpass. Theres a "Highhold Volunteer" standing
there on the other side, but you can con him from the Kithcorre side of the
underpass. Con him from a distance to see if you are up to Dubious yet.  If you
are, right where he's standing, there's a set of steps up and to the right.
Follow them up and you'll usually find Capt. Asheron (sp? Something with an A)
up on the overpass. If not, wait. He'll show up. If he will let you do the
quest, (you *may* have to be one level above dubious. Not sure. If so, go bash
more orcs.) start giving him the scalps. Don't stack, etc. one per slot. You'll
get a big faction hit and some crap xp for each one. This should help later.
   Now that you are dubious or above, you can get into the keep, which is where
you need to be at your level. Upon zoning in, you'll come into an open
courtyard. On the steps across from you (where you need to go) is a woman on the
left hand side of the steps.  Go up those steps quickly and all the way to the
right side, away from her.  Usually you'll make it without aggroing her. She's
on the Antonican Bards faction and is KOS to you. She doesn't give a rat's ass
how many orcs you've killed, she just doesn't like trolls.  She doesn't hit
hard, though, so if she aggros, just run back to zone and come in on opposite
side and try again.
   Through that steps/archway you'll come into some plush hallways. Print out a
map for this place, it will help. To the left is a hallway to a set of steps
which will take you up to the third floor where you can buy food, etc. To the
right are some open doors that will lead you through a couple rooms and down to
the bank in the basement. Past the bank and down a couple levels further, you
will come to the guard room, where you want to get into a group. (Later you can
move down even further to warrior room and raider room.)  Group a lot, kill
bazillions of pickclaws, and GET ALL THE EARS YOU CAN!  There's a captain in
there (Bosic, I beleive) that will take the ears. Then you get more faction
hits, including positive ones for the Freeport Militia and the corrupt guards of
qeynos, which you may want later. No bad hits on this quest.  The loot on the
pickclaws is decent too. I've made as much as 20 plat in an evening looting
lookouts and guards.
  I am now regarded Warmly in the keep, and I'll find out soon if I'm finally
not KOS in FP to the militia.
Hope all of this helps. Good luck.
--
Jakys Lv'Tyrr, the Mad Monk of Qeynos
Monk of 25 Seasons, Silent Fist
a.k.a.
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 26 Campaigns




