From 5476529825867063936
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f651017e5f294d5b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 08 Jul 2004 22:45:05 -0500
Date: Thu, 08 Jul 2004 23:45:01 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: What is a berserker?
References: <I4SdnbVyrdHIfnbdRVn-sQ@dejazzd.com> <tvqdnXEsZ-fU3HHdRVn-ig@dejazzd.com> <F72dnWb96_adGXHdRVn-hQ@dejazzd.com> <QdSdndwDTozJSXHdRVn_iw@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <QdSdndwDTozJSXHdRVn_iw@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <AcSdnaFSMORfiXPd4p2dnA@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 178
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.130
X-Trace: sv3-sCQYyZErbruLe8gu1wYN3eF8YrnDtFDodkZiZ6QD/B67fWl8RLbQVLVbwGk5qB/Wd/d8UusQEOGso9F!kNrhyxddTyVxRuC30LX5KyjQZTPvhFeDziANeYJmhTdNIxdPN8A+qMsNypuI7G1/I29kUZeqgN9n
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:9182



Lance Berg wrote:


> After a good deal of killing I finally got all the drops for the axe. 
> Its 8/35, which isn't as good as the 8/32 I got from the tutorial, but 
> its 3 gnoll bane, which means its better than that in BB or other gnoll 
> fighting, and it has quite a long list of misc stats including a little 
> stamina and 10 hp, which raised me 12 hp total.  Of course in todays 
> mudflation world I can probably buy much better for 10pp in the bazaar, 
> but up till now I've lived strictly off the land, trying to get a feel 
> for how the class works at low levels without twinking.
> 
Well, I went and farmed Kobolds in Steamfont for about half an hour, 
came up with 29pp worth of goods, and went to the bazaar.  Of the 
various two handed blades available, it came down to two, a Tower Guard 
(or something like that) which is 16/36, and a Shissar Claymore at 
22/40.  On the surface, the clear winner is the Claymore, but at my 
level I'm still under some kind of damage cap, and both weapons would be 
over that cap, which would (I think) mean that the faster one would be 
better till I'm over 20 at least.  Funny thing, though, some kind of bug 
prevented me from buying the tower guard weapon, even though I had more 
cash on hand than the asking price.  Took it as a memo from the gods of 
gaming and bought the shissar after all (heck, 10pp cheaper, too)

WIth the Shissar Claymore, I'm doing max damage of 28, while the 8/32 
weapon I was using before did a max of 20, and the 8/36 with 3 bane did 
a max of 22.  I'm not really clear where those numbers are coming from, 
but I do hope that the shissar picks up at 15 or 20, whereever that cap 
is, because its real ratio is pretty good for a cheap piece of bazaar 
leavings.

The damage cap means its harder to overpoweringly gear a berserker than 
it is other classes; one handers come in low damage/low delay 
combinations, and there's no delay cap by level, but two handers, well, 
its hard to find a fast one, certainly hard to do so on a limited 
budget.  While a 10/20 weapon -should- be the same output as a 20/40 
weapon in theory (no damage bonuses at this level), in reality its about 
twice the damage per minute, due to the cap!

> To use the snare you have to have a ranged weapon in range slot, and it 
> uses one up per snare.  The ability to produce throwing axes in quantity 
> suddenly becomes more than just a "so I have a decent way to pull" thing.
> 
I've had some weird results with the axe for snare thing; I -think- I 
actually have to have the axe summoned with the level 5 trick, and that 
the ones summoned with the level 10 trick don't work.  But then recently 
I was doing something and I think maybe it did work.  Still have to play 
with it some to figure out whats going on.

> Snare is usable from melee range, whether or not you have autoattack on, 
> and out to full throwing range more or less (haven't actually 
> experimented to see if the distance is the same precisely).  You do have 
> to have LOS, which means if you don't snare a mob before it runs, 
> indoors, you can easily lose your chance at it.  With a one minute 
> duration, though, there's not too much excuse for not snaring before a 
> mob starts to run.
> 
Got in a group in CB and acted as the snarer with this, it was a very 
effective tool in a place with runners; it also helped control aggro; 
someone else could pull back to the group and I could pull the mobs off 
them with snare, and they'd generally stick on me... particularly if the 
puller would continue to move away from the snared mob while I beat on 
it.  Course at levels this low almost anything will work for that.

I used it a lot soloing too, and later went to Kurns and was actually 
dissapointed with the mobs not running (a feature that makes me 
reccomend the place to lots of people) because I have a mana free snare 
that means a runner is really a toe to toe mob who just stops fighting 
when he gets to 20% or so.  Kurns mobs I had to take damage from 100% of 
the time, instead of just 80%!

> In subsequent use I've seen other numbers, more rarely, none over 20, 
> but some less.  Sometimes I see two frenzy hits with one frenzy click, 
> like double attack or dual weild... except I will never get dual weild 
> (all weapons being two handers) and don't get double attack till 15 or 
> so.  Average hit on a double is 37 points.  Swapping in my 6/31 weapon I 
> still typically got 20 damage frenzies, seemed no difference at all 
> insofar as frenzy went.
> 
Leveling up to 13, getting skill up to 50, getting a weapon with a 22 
damage, still haven't seen any difference in Frenzy damage output, other 
than perhaps it does more doubles than before.


> By level 10 I've had a grand total of 3 natural skill ups in intimidate 
> despite near constant use.  I've seen it work about 12 times in all, 
> despite plunking 35 points worth of training points into it (total skill 
> 38).  On the other hand, checking with higher level BER I'm told that 
> the skill cap for it is 200, and conversations with a monk about the 
> skill suggest that its pretty reliable over 150 or so.
> 
This skill really goes up abominably slowly, my dodge skill is up over 
50 despite me dropping exactly one point in it at level 10, heck my 
parry is over 30 despite me dropping one point in at level 12!  I think 
I've seen a total of 5 natural skill ups with near constant use at this 
point.

> This suggests to me that the class is a DPS engine with a few tricks up 
> his sleeve, and capable of soloing more readily than many melee types, 
> the principle lack being a way to split well... and even there the snare 
> might do the trick, if sloppily, in places where a run to zone can be 
> used, or where you can outrun a mob's follow distance.
> 

I've yet to pull off a snare split successfully, I tend to arrive at the 
zone line too injured to turn right around and go back to pick off the 
one mob I want, or the two times I got that part right, first time I 
zoned back and neither mob had left yet, second time I zoned back a bit 
slower and both were gone (instead of the hoped for situation where just 
the snared mob stayed)  With any partner to tag this would be simple, 
but trying to do it solo, well I clearly need to work out the bugs.

So far I've fought in:

Gloomingdeep mines: tutorial zone, nice place really and of course I'd 
never been there before.  Decent extreme low level rewards for the 
untwinked.

Everfrost Newbie zone: goblins are no longer aggro, nothing was ever a 
threat, lots more mobs than there used to be, good for newbie quest 
items and a small amount of cash.  Very few spiderling silks (the 
natural fodder of someone who wants to make his own cash but get rich at 
low levels).

Blackburrow: Still a nasty place as ever, but much more viable than it 
once was because its relatively empty, so you're less likely to see high 
level stuff trained out from deep inside.  Lots more fun with snare.

Qeynos, Qeynos Hills.  Didn't do much in either, just a few loose gnolls 
looking for quest bits.

Qeynos Aqueducts.  Got myself two 5 hp earrings and two 5 hp rings, 
filling the remaining missing slots on my character.  Fighting was 
decent except for mobs running into the water.  Mob levels annoying 
though, either too low or two high much of the time.  I do have a 
fondness for the place though from ages past adventuring there.

Steamfont: hunted kobolds, their fur and teeth are worth decent cash, 
would have been nice to do them some while they were DB, but I was busy 
doing my newbie quests at that time.

Shadeweaver: the tunnels leading to Paladul; oddly the Mud Burrower 
types were KOS to me, something I don't recall from earlier characters. 
  At any rate, had to fight thru them to get to Paladul.

Paladul, more muck burrower type mobs, leveled quickly, no loot, as 
expected.

Crushbone.  A slaughterhouse, more populated than most newbie zones, it 
can be difficult to find the right level mobs open.  Single pulling is 
tricky in many spots.  Fighting too near Elven Slaves means your target 
has a pocket healer.  I managed to get a group here (my first on this 
character), and had a great time while that lasted, necro, cleric, 
berserk; I was MT (almost anyone can be at this level, I think the 
cleric was MT before I arrived) and we kept orc hill clear plus pulled 
the legos and anything else that spawned out in front of the castle, and 
when things went well I'd run inside and clear out the lower level of 
the castle as well (but not in so far as royal guards; Legos tops.)

Got 2/5ths of level 12 done on crushbone belts, which nobody was looting 
at all.  More exciting than the exp, actually, was the 13pp in small 
tattered armor I got, best cash I've done while actually exping (kobolds 
were green or cyan)

Kurns Tower: lots of undead, which don't run.  Relatively easy to single 
pull and kill one at a time.  When (on rare occaision) things got bad, 
snare and run to zone.  After being here a while, I got hit with a 
driveby Temperance; this turned something mildly challenging into a 
slaughter fest, with long "med" breaks getting hp back up after letting 
it drop down to 10% or so.  HP regen accelerates the longer you've been 
sitting now, this hasn't been too visible with my normal HP pool (350 or 
so), but with Temp (over 1200) I could see it go from two or three up to 
27+ hp per tic.

Grage, 13 Berserk, Luclin



