From 2509596313205062105
X-Google-Thread: fb739,37cf9a7029437bab
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 19 Jun 2006 07:55:34 -0500
Date: Mon, 19 Jun 2006 08:55:31 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Indescision
References: <B9idnW7eCvJMDQvZnZ2dnUVZ_vadnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <B9idnW7eCvJMDQvZnZ2dnUVZ_vadnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <Mq2dnRKWCttbAwvZnZ2dnUVZ_v-dnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 106
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.22.136
X-Trace: sv3-cqTVE41XFNUll5MHul7We13cwjUhQNrTP1Wj9dHIwkN8NIeXA79owg/2qvR5QEiNb+2K4s/Rd25sxX3!x09LN7MvkD8i5rXP5qrgRTakWB528cZ2G4Tw0LewXmAZEril0Ncoc+jv9nlwYWFKEYcKXVFo9deH!myy4wCpLoEc=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:2608

Race is another issue, although one that comes to some extent after 
class, because it restricts choice of class.

Human: Never a race I liked much, all the other races seem to be a case 
of trading advantages for disadvantages; humans lack either.  If 
multiclassing was an option, human would be a good race, but since we 
have to pick a class, well, we can't pick one where their advantages are 
played up and their disadvantages played down, because they haven't any. 
  Wait there's one, I could play a human cleric of Innorruk, so as to 
get the clicky snare item out of Neriak.  Its not a great item, having 
had it on my troll shaman (a race I picked for the same reason), but it 
would make soloing a cleric more of a possibility.

Barbarian: Aha, humans with advantages and disadvantages tacked back on. 
  the only "good race" pick for shaman, too.

Erudite: Another "human with attitude" race, not the one to pick if I'm 
going paladin in a world where tons of stat boosting items aren't 
available for a song in the bazaar... but a good choice for some other 
classes.

Troll: Love the regen, hate the exp penalty.  Thats what we call a 
tradeoff.  Particularly interesting for shaman, but then again, the 
melee classes perhaps suffer more from downtime soloing, and this should 
help make up for it.  In the long run, though, the regen becomes less 
and less significant, and you're still stuck with the exp penalty.

Ogre: I've never played an ogre long, but I recall thinking that in the 
long run, this is the only class to pick if you're going to be MT a lot, 
because the whole "doesn't get stunned from the front" thing can't be 
bought with gear or AA's or buffs.  Even my shaman experienced ogre 
envy, because he'd "tank" for his pet, standing there soaking up the 
damage while the pet dished it out to the mob; getting his casting 
interrupted due to mob stunning was annoying.  Also an exp penalty race, 
of course, but not as bad as troll.

Froglok: I was excited when froglok came out, but in the end the race 
didn't do it for me, I guess I'm too much of a mammal.  Even Iksar are 
more interesting than froglok, although I do love that flip when casting 
thing, it just gets old.  Also, other than swimming, I can't think of 
any real advantage or disadvantage they have, they suffer from the same 
genericness as humans do.

High Elf: My first cleric was a high elf, and its an interesting race, 
but not good for my tanking cleric style.  On the other hand, its one I 
haven't played in ages, and there are several other classes available 
under the umbrella.

Wood Elf: I'm familiar with Kelethin, I love Crushbone.  Decent slate of 
classes, biggest drawback might be that they're perhaps the most common 
race for new players.  Will that be an issue on Combine?  Do we even 
-have- new players these days?

Dark Elf: Hate Neriak, although I guess I could get used to it.  Its 
just such a maze, and such a long run to anything!  Still, my troll 
lived with it as a home city back when the frogloks kicked us out of 
Guk...  I'm not sure I've ever played an Inkie for more than a few 
levels, might be an interesting choice for a new start.

Half Elf:  I've never understood the draw of this race, both 
artistically and practically, unlike the other two alternate human 
races, there doesn't seem to be anything special about these guys.

Halfling: Lots of classes, hide and sneak, an exp bonus.. if I end up as 
a halfling eligible class I might well go this race.  I feel, though, 
that they shouldn't get the exp bonus, that should have gone to humans.

Dwarf: My second cleric, the one I got to 65, was a dwarf, its a good 
solid race, and an amusing one.  On the other hand, I've "done" dwarf 
cleric, so I wouldn't pick that.  How are they in their other classes... 
which are what, paladin, warrior, rogue, and berserker (only apparantly 
not the latter on Combine, till later)?  I could play the paladin 
brother of my cleric, who always complained that he wanted to be a 
paladin but mom made him be a cleric.
Gnome



Iksar, I'm told, won't be out till ROK is opened up.
Vah Shir, likewise, won't be out until Luclin, probably a year or so away.

Just as a side not, I'm annoyed that there are any races or classes 
which won't be open at first.  I understand the logic, I suppose, but I 
feel that people should be encouraged to pick a character and stick with 
him/her thru the run, "progressing" if you will.

In fact, if it was me, I'd only allow you to pick one character, ever, 
on that server; more harsh even than Firiona Vie, which lets you reroll 
if you delete.

Because thats my attitude, I want to see all the possible choices 
included from the start.  I really don't see why they can't include 
berserker and beastlord, both of which can be had in original world 
races... it will actually require more effort to leave them out than to 
leave them in!

But the races, too, I'd include, despite the fact that they'd lack 
racial based newbie armor quests and the like.  Hmm, well maybe not, Vah 
Shir wouldn't be a problem, you could start them anywhere, hardly anyone 
hates them.  But Iksar, well, they'd have noplace to call home, unless 
you went to all the trouble of making them a miniature starting city, an 
outpost similar to Surefall Glade perhaps.  Wouldn't have to be much, 
just some vendors and guildmasters, no frills.  Hard start?  Sure, but 
what of it, at least it would be possible.

Lance


