From -6032145100064241447
X-Google-Thread: fb739,266894433c6191b8
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-11!sn-xit-08!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: what can eq2 learn from WoW and vice versa?
Date: Tue, 1 Feb 2005 14:14:14 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10vvvhrhlsd67d3@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <OUuKd.138793$K7.82611@news-server.bigpond.net.au> <10vm12pjaaa6i0f@news.supernews.com> <SNednWmHId8UBWbcRVnyiw@pipex.net> <10vno5scd1vp8d7@news.supernews.com> <RLH=QRdqb1K+0o59bXrn=B1j7hyS@4ax.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 101
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:31360


"Frank E" <fakeaddress@hotmail.com> wrote in message 
news:RLH=QRdqb1K+0o59bXrn=B1j7hyS@4ax.com...

> Has your wife solo'd the rogue poison quest at 20th lvl?

Yes, she did that tower couple nights ago. That was fun big time. Having to 
pickpocket the key and making her way to the chest up top was a hell of a 
lot of fun, even if we did wipe to the Elite upstairs on the first try.

> Has your paladin done his 'epic' weapon quest in a group of low 20s
> lvl characters? ...if you answer yes to that one and still think the
> EQ2 dungeons are better and more interesting, that would be a really
> good reason for me to go out and buy EQ2.

I'm working on the Paladin quests now and enjoying this one too. 
Additionally, my wife and I made our first entry into an instance last 
night, we went into the Deadmines in search of Van Cleef. We got as far as 
the Mast room with the gobbos before realizing that we weren't going to be 
able to progress any further than that alone, and will be back with others 
to continue it, but it was exciting and fun as hell on the way. We 
dispatched many Elites along the way and it took all of our tactical 
prowess, using many of the skills available to us, to get that far. We both 
came away with a renewed respect for the challenge we're finally seeing.

As to your question on which dungeons and quests are "better" and "more 
interesting", well you know how tough a question that is. As fun as WoW is 
(and we will continue playing it, we're having way too much fun not too), 
after my wife went to bed I logged back into EQ2 and got a group assembled 
for another run at Everling in Nektropos Castle. Nothing I've seen in WoW 
yet approaches that encounter (but then there aren't that many in EQ2 that 
do, either). I know I'm still a WoW noob, though, so I'm keeping an open 
mind. If I had to bet on it now, I'd guess that where I'm going to come out 
on this eventually is pretty evenly balanced between the two games, 
particularly as I get more experience with WoW. I believe now that I was 
wrong in my initial view that there's more grinding in WoW than EQ2, I think 
that was a direct reflection of my experience with the noob levels of WoW vs 
the more advanced heritage quests I am doing in EQ2. It appears to me that 
both games are fabulously quest driven once you get into them.

I think the quality of quests that I've seen in EQ2 are still more 
interesting and complex, but again this might just be noobiness at work. Ask 
me again in 10 more levels of WoW. As it stands from 1-35 in EQ2 and 1-21 in 
WoW, EQ2's quests win hands down in my view.

> I think you're wrong in your assessment that WoW isn't challenging.
> From what I've seen, it's as challenging as you want to make it. It's
> easy (too easy imo) to solo to 60 if that's what turns you on, not
> even bothering with quests and just grinding mobs 1-3 levels lower
> than you. That doesn't mean that the challenging content isn't out
> there though. People just avoided it.

Here's my take on that. As always, there's a new game that begins at level 
cap. In EQ1 it was 65 for the longest time (now 70), in EQ2 it's 50, and in 
WoW it's 60. There are two fundamentally different games in all three: 
getting to the level cap and then playing while at the level cap. Once you 
get to the level cap, you no longer grind for exp, you focus on putting all 
your work to use in pursuit of the high end content. The interesting thing 
that I've learned from WoW is that there are a couple of different 
approaches you can take to getting your player base there. WoW chose to make 
it dirt simple for players to get to that level cap if they want to (as you 
point out), giving players the ability to choose their difficulty setting, 
if you will.  EQ2 forces a lot more challenge and required discipline on the 
road there, and it's always on high difficulty setting. The result is 
probably a more disciplined and seasoned player force at 50 in EQ2, compared 
to a more diverse group of WoW 60's, some of whom are the equal of anyone in 
EQ2 but many of whom couldn't fight their way out of an EQ2 paper bag.

The other result, of course, is that EQ2 will continue the SOE tradition 
that Chris Taylor describes as "beating up your players", while WoW 
continues the Diablo tradition of kill-reward-kill-reward that keeps it 
simple and fun. WoW earns its Blizzard heritage for an emphasis on fun, even 
if it allows leaving its players less prepared for the challenges ahead. 
Although I'm the kind of player who will always opt for the higher 
difficulty setting, I'm very aware that the marketplace rewards those who 
offer players a choice. Blizzard's game is more fun in part because players 
are able to make that choice for themselves and not get "beat up" along the 
road to the end game. How everyone fares at the end game will be interesting 
to watch and I'll note here parenthetically someone else's comment that no 
North American players have beat the dragon raid in the end game, only some 
Korean guild has managed to pull it off. This could mean that the end game 
is just very, very hard, or it could also mean that all those WoW players 
who took the easy way to 60 are now finding that they're ill-prepared for 
the serious challenges ahead. It's a fascinating game design philosophy 
issue.

-- 
Redbeard
<Veritas>
Dwarven Mystic and Alchemist
Loyal Citizen of the Antonia Bayle
Current resident of the Willow Wood, City of Qeynos
http://veritas.everquest2guilds.com

Descendant of the Elder Winterfury Thunderwolf
<Resolution, Retired>
Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie





