From 6295044503582501667
X-Google-Thread: 10766f,50c0bd72acce0a12,start
X-Google-Thread: 10a756,50c0bd72acce0a12,start
X-Google-Thread: fb739,50c0bd72acce0a12,start
X-Google-Thread: 107032,50c0bd72acce0a12,start
X-Google-Thread: 1123f7,50c0bd72acce0a12,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid10766f,gid10a756,gidfb739,gid107032,gid1123f7,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nx01.iad01.newshosting.com!newshosting.com!post02.iad01!news.newsdemon.com!not-for-mail
Message-Id: <yj0711310914072865@4ax.com>
Subject: M,I`5'Persecut ion , No Justi ce fo r th e V ictims of MI 5
Newsgroups: alt.sex.nfs,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest,microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange,rec.music.dylan
Followup-To: alt.sex.nfs,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest,microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange,rec.music.dylan,uk.misc
From: iemfefeie@hotmail.com
Date: 31 Dec 2007 09:14:10 GMT
Lines: 260
Organization: news.newsdemon.com
X-Complaints-To: abuse@newsdemon.com
X-Original-Lines: 257
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.sex.nfs:1641 comp.publish.prepress:10586 alt.games.everquest:12455 microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange:20596 rec.music.dylan:105414


MI5 Persecution. Update: Friday 11 June, 1999

Harassment in a pub. in Clapham, Tuesday lunchtime

Once a month, or once every. other month, I meet a Polish friends of mine
who lives in Clapham North, and sometimes we go. to a particular pub near
where he lives. The last. time was some two months ago; I did not have my
minidisc-walkman. with me, and consequently was seriously harassed by
people MI5 had instructed to harass. me, in the pub.

This Tuesday, 8 June 1999, we again went to. the same pub for a pre-meal
drink. This. time I did have my minidisc-walkman with me. As you can guess,
we were followed. into the pub by a couple of young people (Im getting
older and older - isnt it funny how. the MI5 agents all look young these
days?). They started talking about my situation, in particular. some travel
I had. booked the previous day. Unfortunately, they were talking fairly
quietly,. and my minidisc didnt pick up their speech.

MI5s. schizophrenic reasoning is that simultaneously I am very important
and worthy of their acts of persecution,. and I am also totally unimportant
and their abuse of me "doesnt matter".. Perhaps they should test their
agents and managers for obsessive personalities or psychotic. features in
the same way as employees are. drug-tested. MI5 might lose their "worst
cases" employees if. some psychological testing were applied to their
recruitment. procedure.

Toothless. Watchdogs. What a Surprise.

Recently I have been. engaging in communications with two watchdogs, the
Security. Service Tribunal which deals with complaints against the security
service (and always clears MI5 of any wrongdoing), and. the Data Protection
Registrar, which is mandated to investigate misuse of personal. data held
on. computer.

In a letter to. Nick Brooks, Security Service Tribunal secretary, dated 20
April, I asked him if the Tribunal, as an allegedly independent body,. had
the means to investigate complaints against MI5 other. than asking MI5 to
themselves investigate. complaints. To my disappointment, his reply two
weeks later answered the question only indirectly,. in the
negative. Whatever the reader might think of the merits of the case. I have
been putting before you in faxed articles this last. year and half, you
will surely. recognise that it is a significant anomaly for the Tribunal to
have no independent. means of investigating complaints, particularly given
the view expressed even by previous home secretaries. that the security
services. are untrustworthy.



MI5 Persecution:. No Justice for the Victims of MI5

In a previous article. I detailed the similarities between the current MI5
Persecution in England, and other historical instances of. similar
persecution, notably that. by the Nazi Germans in the thirties and
forties. The Germans persecuted first the. mentally ill, the epileptics and
those suffering from schizophrenia, then moved on to racial. groups; in
todays Britain the persecution is again directed at those with. mental
illness, which the British in. their cowardice find easier than taking on
racial groups as the Germans did.. But just as in Thirties Germany there
was no recourse against a malign and omnipotent state, so the. MI5 Secret
Police in the modern British Fascist. State allow no justice for their
victims.

No Recourse Against the Security Services Illegal. Harassment

It has. become apparent to me over the last nine years just how loaded the
dice are in todays Britain, a. fundamentally fascist country which
masquerades as a democracy. Britain. is a democracy in name only; the
Establishment, the defence and MI5. secret police are always there,
regardless of which party has been voted into power most. recently - and
from "New Labours" conduct in office one. finds it difficult to tell them
apart from Old Tories,. in their crackdowns on the sick and vulnerable in
society.

In. thirties Germany the victims of the Nazi regime had no legal recourse
against their State oppressors; and in todays Fascist British state,. the
victims of the Establishment and its MI5 Secret Police similarly. have no
recourse against the illegal. state-funded and organised oppression. There
is supposed to be a. mechanism for dealing with MI5 crimes, in the shape of
the Security Service Tribunal and Commissioner;. yet these have never found
favour of a plaintiff.. One might as well ask the Nazi SS to investigate
crimes against epileptics or Jews as ask the Security Service. Tribunal to
investigate. MI5 crimes against British citizens; it is quite obvious what
the answer is going to be, regardless of what you. say to them, and what
evidence you provide.. The Tribunal and Commissioner are a mere formality,
a. whitewashing body to give the Secret Services a veneer beneath which
they. hide their shabby criminality.

"Institutional Racism" and Bigotry in the. Metropolitan Police

The recent inquiry into the racist. murder of Stephen Lawrence found clear
evidence of systematic and deliberate. racism in the Metropolitan Police,
which cannot have surprised anyone. Commissioner. Sir Paul Condon accepted
a somewhat lukewarm definition of institutional. racism as being
"unconscious". In truth, and. this truth must surely be obvious to anyone
who has any familiarity. or encountered the great British police, the Met
has not just "unconscious" racism, but. very clearly "conscious" and
deliberate racism, of the kind that would have. done Thirties Germans
proud. And it is a. bastion of such open racism - when many other parts of
society are learning. to live in a multicultural environment, the Met is
still. living in the past in its attitude to the minorities.

But in addition to the systematic racism confirmed. by the Lawrence
inquiry, there is also something much more. relevant to this case, which is
systematic police bigotry against. the physically and mentally disabled,
which I personally have. experienced in my dealings with the police over
the years.. You cannot expect equal treatment if you are mentally
disabled. I tried to make a complaint to the police. in 1995 about the
harassment I had been subjected to for several years. As soon as. they
found out I had mental illness, they refused to even talk to me.. I tried
again in March 1999; the police. made various threats to me, while ranting
about "your paranoid. rubbish" in reference to the complaints expressed to
them.

The police refusal to do the job they are employed and paid to do. is
extremely serious, particularly as this case. is highly important, indeed
key to the whole issue of British. self-perception at the end of the 20th
century and the. beginning of the 21st century. Britain has lost much in
the last. fifty years - it has lost an empire, it has lost its self-respect
and its identity as. a people. If the MI5 persecution finally makes it into
the light and the Security Services are seen for the. rather cheap bullies
their behaviour indicates, it will have. a massive and harmful effect on
British. self-perception in the new century.

Security Service Tribunal  -. Blatant Whitewashing

A few weeks ago I spoke on the phone to Nick Brooks, the Secretary of. the
Security Service Tribunal, which. is supposed to deal with cases of MI5
transgression. I asked him if. the Tribunal had ever found in favour of a
plaintiff and against the Security. Service. He answered that as far as he
knew, it had. not.

I also asked Mr Brooks if the. Tribunal had any means of investigating
allegations of criminal activity by MI5, other than. asking MI5 themselves
if they had engaged in such activity. His rather circuitous. written reply
states that the 1989 Security Service. Act provides that "it shall be the
duty of every member. of the Service to disclose or give to the Tribunal
such documents or information as they. may require for the purpose of
enabling them to carry out their functions under this. Act". Which is a
very round-about way of saying - "No" - the Tribunal. has no way of
investigating MI5 crimes - None. At All.

Setting. up the S.S. Tribunal, and creating a Security Service
Commissioner, was. really an act of falsehood by the government. It is
generally recognised that. MI5 are out of reach of the normal criminal
justice system - the police, as we have seen, have no intesot. answer to
the government; in a previous article I quoted. Roy Jenkins speaking of "a
secretive atmosphere.... secretive vis-a-vis the. government as well as
[enemies]", and a "lack of frankness" from. MI5.

If the. government wanted to, it could reform the secret services and
ensure they acted in conformance with the laws which have been enacted. for
them in the last ten. years. But apparently the present government does not
see any. need to ensure security service compliance with the law. As noted
above, the regulatory machinery for. MI5 is deliberately weak; the Tribunal
has no independent means. of investigation, and it is simply a waste of
time complaining to the Tribunal. or Commissioner.

Every so often, fresh revelations come to light. of secret service
transgressions. We have heard from Shayler that MI5. bugged Jack Straw and
Peter Mandelson; we have heard from Peter Wright that MI5 plotted to. see
Wilson ejected from office; yet. so closed is the system of government that
the law is never enforced against MI5 when they "bug. and burgle" everyone
from politicians to. ordinary citizens.

No Justice from the. Legal System, either

Britain has a civil and criminal justice. system which effectively limits
many complaints from being heard. For. a civil complaint to be brought
before a court, you need a. solicitor willing to act on your
behalf. Supposedly. it is possible to represent yourself as a
Litigant-in-Pthe. basis of being "frivolous and vexatious" or "disclosing
no cause for action in law".. This is exactly what happened to me in 1997
when I twice tried to take the BBC to court for spying on me in. my living
room at home; my. case was twice struck out, and on the second occasion an
order. was made against me that I could not bring further civil litigation
against. the BBC without leave of the court.

As the reader. can guess it is quite impossible for a person with
schizophrenia, who complains about. the secret services and media
interfering in his life, to. find a solicitor willing to represent him in
legal action. against the persecutors. I have quite a lot of evidence of
the continuing persecution which I have posted on the website, even. if the
evidence is quite tentative and perhaps open to. varying
interpretations. But I have tried several firms of solicitors;. some of
them have acted unprofessionally and abused me; all of. them have refused
to represent me. My psychiatrist. gave me the name of the firm of Bindman
and Partners in central London, and I have approached them twice. On. each
occasion they refused to accept. my instructions. Plainly the problem with
Bindmans, which they have. admitted, is their bigotry against mentally
disabled people; yet this is not just something that is wrong. with
Bindmans, it is something that is wrong with the legal. system as a whole,
since the legal system necessitates finding. a solicitor willing to
represent you in order to bring a case. to court, but it does not have a
mechanism for providing a lawyer in the case where no solicitor. is willing
to take on your case. So. the British legal system is such as to prevent
cases such as mine from ever receiving. an airing in a court.

So much for the civil courts. But the criminal justice. system is no
better. Two years ago the Protection from Harassment Act. came into
force. But. again, while the Act is all very well on paper, in practice it
is unenforceable in my case, since it would require. Police action to see
the law. implemented, and if the police cannot even be trusted to conduct a
murder investigation. competently (in the Lawrence case), then what chance
is there of their. investigating complaints against the Security
Service? Of. course, it would be possible for me to personally issue
proceedings through. a private prosecution either against MI5 themselves,
or against one or more of their media tools;. but here we see the same
problems as with the civil courts, because first. of all I would have to
find a lawyer willing to act on my behalf.. Litigants-in-person do exist in
the criminal courts, but the Attorney General. can bring such a prosecution
to an end by taking. it over and entering a plea of "nolle prossequi"; and
I suspect that if I were to bring a private. prosecution against either MI5
or one of their media tools, then this is. exactly what would happen.

So much. for British justice. But if anything the wrongs that have been
perpetrated on me. by the British justice system are quite mild to what
others have suffered. Others have been. wrongly convicted based on police
evasions and lies, and spent many years in jail based. on false charges. I
should count myself lucky that despite the best efforts of. the MI5 secret
police, I have not acquired any criminal. charges or convictions; which
shows that for all their resources and influence, and the. clear
imperfections in the British legal system, there are still limits on. how
much subversion. MI5 can achieve.

The latest in a long line of. injustices

A comment I heard during the recent scandal. of the police mishandling of
the Lawrence murder investigation is that "its not. as if the police
themselves murdered him". This is not a particularly wise statement. to
make about the case, since it could. be argued that the four alleged
murderers were aided. in their crime by the expectation that the police
would deliberately botch the investigation - which. of course is exactly
what the police. did.

But. in my case, this would be a completely inaccurate thing to say - since
the MI5 secret-police have expressly been trying to. nine years now to see
an end. put to my life, either by having me incarcerated and my liberty
ended, or. by forcing self-termination on me. It is exactly as if the
secret police "themselves murdered [me]", since that. is what their aim is
in their campaign against. me.

The public has heard of instances of police mishandling of cases,. of
police. manufacturing evidence, lying in court, extracting false
confessions to clear. up crimes, et cetera. Various instances of
extra-legal activity by the secret services have also. come to light in the
last. few years. The unhappy truth is that what MI5 have been doing to me
for the last nine. years is really nothing out of the ordinary for them. To
me it seems. unbelievable that this sort of systematic campaign of
harassment, which thousands and thousands of people in this country. and
abroad are well aware of, could exist for such. a long period of time with
the media maintaining "omerta". But my. case is not the first such instance
of persecution by the "British secret police", and judging by the. lack of
any. real controls on MI5, I very much doubt it will be the last.

4405


--
Posted via NewsDemon.com - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://www.NewsDem


