From -5058510065674170578
X-Google-Thread: fb739,23b2fae8c5455a8d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 11 Aug 2005 10:18:46 -0500
Date: Thu, 11 Aug 2005 11:18:44 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Necromancer grouping entry for FAQ
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <UomdnZ2dnZ0_rQWsnZ2dncvxZt-dnZ2dRVn-0p2dnZ0@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 64
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.34.207
X-Trace: sv3-4u0oJ+XvDMDDIvM7nYWxfXfQzm+WaL0j39/gv/5FmGXKgsqr9qQNU9B75GdBkvb5ou9sEEUAIxj8FF2!q+bF8n9XM73dUdboMMYCZ15vSgCzZMyuh0S04Fc84dTUTE6pICfzLi/e0U4tiWPDc5zihfn3wi4I!yZNWAvBBbpzhU5/YhFBI9EFTMA==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:5228

** Caveat I really have very little experience with a necromancer, but 
I've grouped with them for years, and so have some idea of how the class 
works.  Since this entry has been missing for a long time, I thought I'd 
write one anyway, and maybe inspire a real necro to write in and correct 
me or write a better one.

A necromancer is a powerhouse of flexibility, bringing a little of 
everything to the table but buffing.  An int caster with minor healing 
capablities, significant DPS, a powerful pet, mezzing for CC, and FD for 
pulling, a necromancer can find a role in almost any group... the reason 
you don't see many of them grouping is simply that they are so good at 
soloing, and because few are actually adept at the parts of their 
capabilities that would make them valuable additions to a group.

The pet is the most obvious contribution the necro can make; a 
significant melee force capable of real DPS and off tanking, or even 
main tanking in a group without melee PC's.  If possible, outfit the pet 
with mage summoned armor and weapons for a serious upgrade to his 
capabilities.  Also, going to the effort of learning to position your 
pet to the rear of the mob will increase his damage output by about 15%.

Necromancers use "lich" line of self buffs which continuously damage 
themselves while adding massively to their mana regen; combining this 
with life tap and leech type spells which hurt their prey while 
restoring their hp means they usually have more mana available than they 
know what to do with.  In a group which can provide them with HP regen 
on top of that, a necromancer can really turn on the heat.

Other than the life tap line, necromancers have very good DOTs, which 
work well in groups taking on mobs that take some time to kill, but not 
in a fast killing group, and some Direct Damage spells that aren't very 
mana efficient, but don't need to be in the face of their massive mana 
regen rates.

Necromancers have a snare line, sadly, it includes a DOT, so it can be 
less flexible than other snare lines which won't break mez.  Still, for 
stopping runners or on prey you know you aren't going to mez, its much 
better than no snare at all, and the damage does add up.

Necromancer healing ability uses their HP to repair the HP of their 
target, so this is generally used only as an emergency backup plan, 
however with their life tap and leech lines providing them with 
replacement hp of their own, a well buffed necro can actually function 
as a main healer for a duo or small group which is doing relatively easy 
work; this is one of the rare instances where a necro may be better off 
with an enchanter mana regen buff instead of using their own Lich line; 
they'll have less mana flow, but will get the full benefit of their HP 
flow to pass on to the tanks.

The least known power of the necromancer, though, is the mez; screaming 
terror, starting at level 22.  This is a relatively short duration mez, 
so the necromancer can't mez large numbers of mobs, but keeping two or 
three locked down, and their pet off tanking a fourth, should make a big 
difference for most groups; pulls so large that this much CC isn't 
enough aren't all that common a malady.

Soloing a necromancer is simpler; pull single mobs, FD if necessary to 
do that, sic the pet on it, DOT it up, and wait for it to die.  Hard 
targets, snare and fear so your pet doesn't take damage.  Lich and Leech 
to keep your mana flow up, and just watch the exp flow in.  Only trouble 
is, this is so powerful that many necromancers eschew grouping entirely, 
so they don't learn how to group well, and few people have experience 
grouping with necros at low levels so they aren't eager to invite them 
at higher levels.


