From 1596927815430226518
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,490277ef1450bf0c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-07-27 06:08:55 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F23CEA7.E4E30541@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Bard's role in a group
References: <monuhvcgt21n85pmtha78nbq4ojavne95v@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 163
Date: Sun, 27 Jul 2003 13:13:52 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.66
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1059311632 66.109.234.66 (Sun, 27 Jul 2003 09:13:52 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 27 Jul 2003 09:13:52 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:294708



Default User wrote:

> I started a bard character and solo'd it up to 22.  I'd like to start
> grouping but am not sure what the role of a bard in a group is?

Your role is to do whatever isn't being done, or to do things the group
can use that you can do instead of others.

Thats not very clear, but thats the trouble with being a bard, you can do
so very many things, none of them spectacularly well, so your role
depends very much on the nature and composition of your group and of your
targets.

Lets say you are grouped with 5 warriors.  Well now your role is
relatively simple; warriors lack healing ability, so they'll want Hymn of
Restoration running any time they are injured.  And they generally lack
slow and snare, so you'll want to keep chains on the target at all times
(since this song is Both, it comes in handy a lot more than most things
you can do).  And they lack haste, so you'll want to keep haste running
most of the time.  I don't think you have a DS yet, but if you do that
would probably be your 4th song if you are up to a 4 song twist.  But
thats only if the warriors are pulling in single mobs, if they get more
than one then suddenly you switch over to Crowd Control; keep the adds
from doing any damage while the group deals with them one at a time.

It may seem counterintuitive to CC instead of twisting your combo, but
think a bit.  Slowing one mob, even say slowing it 50% (which is far
beyond your capabilities) makes it do only half the damage over its life
time.  But mezzing an add while the first mob is killed (same life time)
makes it do no damage at all over a mob life time.  Hasting your group
100% (again far far beyond what you or anyone can do) will cut a mob's
life time in half... which is what it would take to equal the effect of
mezzing just one add while the first is killed.  Hymn is a HP regen, but
generally you'll be fighting mobs that far outpace its effect during the
fight, the hymn would have to heal as much damage per tic as that mob
dishes out in order to equal the effect of mezzing him.    Further,
mezzing mobs only takes part of your twist; one mob is one song per
twist, a second, a second song out of the twist and so forth.  If there's
only one add, and your skills aren't all that good, just keep haste and
hymn running while you keep the mob targetted and keep  it mezzed.  All
you sacrificed for that is slow/snare... and you can even switch to the
mob and snare it when it starts running, figuring that by the time the
add breaks mezz the original target will be dead anyway.

Lets see, something else to consider; resists.  Now at low levels this
rarely matters, but if you are going after some kind of casting or
proccing mobs, and the spell effect is sufficiently annoying that you are
willing to sacrifice part of your normal twist to deal with it, a bard
can provide some of the best resist buffing you'll ever see.  But you
might want to think about using it, oddly enough, if the mob is proccing
rather than casting it may be better for you to mez it. Yes, while the
group is killing it.  They'll keep breaking mez almost as soon as it
sticks... but thats not the point in this case.  A side effect of mezzing
is that it stops spells mid cast.  So forget the rest of your twist, sing
mez again and again as fast as you can cycle it (not just leaving it run,
which is a slower cycle rate).  The mob might get the occaisional spell
thru, but to do so he'll have to start casting after mez breaks and
finish his spell before the next one lands 4 seconds later; that doesn't
happen often.  Stop a spell being cast and you don't have to worry about
resists.  Trouble with this is, you have to sacrifice all other songs, so
now you have to consider whether the spell is sufficiently annoying to
give up haste/slow/snare/heal (and possibly DS).. or worse yet,
mezzing.   Often spells aren't -that- annoying.  Mez as a response to
spell casting message doesn't work, because what with server delay and
human delay, a 4 second cast time is usually too long for you to sneak an
interrupt in before the spell finishes casting.

Additionally, you may be designated puller; with lull and selos and invis
and snare and the ability to reach out and touch mobs at a distance,
bards make pretty good pullers, only trouble is, bards are often better
off staying with the group to provide down time regen instead, and
letting someone else do the pulling.  How to tell the difference?  Well,
see mez above; getting ONE mob at a time is vastly superior to getting
many if a bard would be your only form of CC (CC means not being able to
provide your other services as well), so if you can get singles and noone
else can, you might be the puller of choice.  If pulling takes a long
time, and people in the group are hurting for HP regen (or mana regen if
you have casters in the group) then you are probably not the puller of
choice.

Oh, and you can melee if you like, it doesn't hurt to do so, and at your
level is still a worthwhile contribution, the only thing is, Hymn does
better with a string instrument in hand than with a weapon... so if you
are doing hp regen as a significant portion of your job, you need to
either stop meleeing, melee via Hand to Hand, or learn to swap in a
string instrument on the beat *(juggling)*, or of course get twinked out
with that string instrument ring or get your epic...

Add in other classes, and things start to change.  I said warriors, but
monks and rogues are also non casters, and so your duties won't change
much, except that haste becomes more important with higher DPS classes on
board, and monks are almost certainly better pullers than you are,
especially before you get track.

Casters mean mana song becomes interesting... but until you get Cantata,
its a trade off, mana is -not- a twist type song, but works only on pulse
each time you sing it.  SO full mana supply means all other bard output
is shut off.  Your low level mana song is really not much mana per pulse
either, it won't change the world if you sing it constantly during a
fight in most cases.  Even the higher level mana song is questionable
tactically, despite how excited everyone will be about it; generally you
sing it during down time and do something more important during actual
battles.

But whats more interesting to you about casters is that they can do some
of your jobs; or rather, they can do the job and you are no longer needed
as a poor man's substitute.

Chanters and shaman and to a lesser extent beastlords have a haste that
will generally put yours to shame.  Not only is it a higher haste % at
most levels, but its a buff, which means it goes on and stays on for
minutes at a time, while its taking up a third (a quarter?) of your
output.  Your haste will seem to stack with theirs, but in reality only
the highest level of haste will have effect, whats sticking from you are
the (much less interesting) stat buffs that go along with yours.  In most
cases the added DPS from your stat buffs is too low to be worth
consideration.  Not until your 50s do you get the line of hastes that
-does- stack on top of other haste buffs.

They also have Slows that put you to shame for most purposes, much higher
percentage, and again they don't have to keep them running constantly
like you do, thats another third (quarter?) of your output accounted for.

DS, if you are running it, is an exception to this general theme, bard DS
stacks on top of other class DSes, and on top of shaman potion DS too if
you are really in the mood for some big DS.

Druids, Rangers, Necromancers and SK have snare lines, although not ones
that put yours to shame as such, again they mean a third your song output
sort of.

BUT snare and slow are the same song for you, so really if you are
slowing anyway, you already have the mob snared and they might as well
not bother.

AND if the mobs are dying fast, slowing is a fool's game for the casters,
since it takes mana they could be spending elsewhere... but your slow
costs no mana, and doubles as a snare; if the mobs are dying fast you
want them snared early anyway.  So despite the fact that in some ways,
snare and slow are better covered by other classes, your chains may be a
better solution after all.

Another group composition will be one that relies on you as main tank.
Hopefully you have a slower since yours is pretty wimpy really and you
aren't much of a tank.. and all slowers are also hasters, but now there's
another song line that might be useful.  Your self only haste songs are
usually much better haste than your group ones, and often better than the
haste buff that your slower can cast.  If your melee damage output is
important and hastes for the group are already handled, consider hasting
yourself.  This will save your haster mana (hastes cast frequently enough
and for high enough mana to be a noticable drain) and boost your damage
output.

There's a lot more to the job than this, but these basics should at least
give you a start on thinking about bard's roles in various sorts of
groups.

Llyric, 57 bard, Morel-Thule





