From -7595196528231772586
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7c8ebbe53b1757a1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-21 04:38:31 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!news.stealth.net!news.stealth.net!66.250.146.10.MISMATCH!newshosting.com!news-xfer1.atl.newshosting.com!204.186.200.232.MISMATCH!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3DDCD164.1A23D4AF@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Multi Penalty and the Monk Nerf
References: <3ddb6e17$0$1291$cc9e4d1f@news.dial.pipex.com> <662D9.1582$OZ4.172702@newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 95
Date: Thu, 21 Nov 2002 12:34:58 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.32
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1037882098 66.109.254.32 (Thu, 21 Nov 2002 07:34:58 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 21 Nov 2002 07:34:58 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:247433



hughes wrote:

> What is just so damn stupid with the monk nerf is that monks where by no
> means overpowered pre nerf. Given the choice of warrior, rogue , or monk the
> first two almost always got picked over the monk. The only time this wasnt
> true was when splitting needed to be done in non coh zones. They frequently
> lose out to semis as well when the only consideration is another dammage
> dealer.
>

I want one warrior, two or MAYBE three for large raids, I'll take as many monks
as you want to bring.   Why?  Because monks do lots more damage than warriors,
thats why.  Heck, I do more damage than warriors!  Well not really, but we are
in the same class damagewise, and thats the "go ahead if it makes you feel
better" class.

Now on the other hand, I WILL pick rogues over monks once we already have a monk
or two, again because the rogues tend to outdamage the monks significantly.
Once you have things under control, DPS is everything.  Monks, though, help to
keep things under control by acting as FD pullers.  By and large, their ability
to avoid damage isn't the issue, since I wasn't picking them over warriors in
the first place as sponges (although prenerf they could perform that job when it
came down to it)

>
> The nerf itself was drastic , causing monks to take 50% more dammage tanking
> then they did before. When you seriously nerf a class that wasnt all that
> hot in the first place you are just fucking up that class totally. Similiar
> actions would be to decide wizards are not really meant to gate ,shamans
> really are not  meant to slow mobs , or that clerics where not really meant
> to have buffs.
>

Cleric buffs, where did you get the idea these were exciting?  Clerics had
exactly one worthwhile buff pre PoP, Symbol of Marzin.  While Heroism had the
same HP as POTC, POTC has a HP regen and a mana regen component, there's noone
who isn't better off with POTC than heroism.

Fortitude blows chunks compared even to Heroism.

AC buffs are nearly useless, first, AC doesn't matter much in quantities as
small as what the line puts out.  Second, due to the plateau slope plateau
nature of AC versus mob, it matters not at all on most people (who are either so
far below or so far above the range where it matters on a given mob that there
is no effect).  Third, it matters very little on anyone but the MA, since by and
large those people don't get hit enough for it to make any difference.  Fourth,
at the high end of the game it stops mattering at all since AC is effectively
capped at well below what is achievable by gear alone.

Aego is the equivalent of Heroism plus Symbol of Marzin plus Aegis (or Bulwark
of Faith, which is the same thing with a different duration).  Its only good
point is that it takes a single buff slot instead of three... or as my earlier
paragraph shows, instead of two.  Well, that and its long duration, which means
that you can get a BOA from a cleric and then go play without him.

Post PoP we have Symbol of Kazad, again the only worthwhile cleric buff, we have
Faith, which beats POTC for HP but doesn't provide any mana or HP regen, and we
have Ward of Gallantry (AC buff, more likely worthless than before) and we have
Virtue, which is simply an upgraded Aego with exactly the same complaints.   If
there's no upgrade to POTG then perhaps we finally have two buffs that are worth
considering, you can debate Faith versus POTC.

Other than that one (perhaps two) buff, what have we got?  Pre PoP, we had
resist buffs which were overwritten by superior and group castable resist buffs
from other classes, and we had... oh, I forgot, thats it.  With PoP, we get a
line of spell casting haste buffs.  Of course they are useless to clerics by and
large, since our spells tend to cast in 3 seconds or less, or the one spell we'd
really like to be faster at 10 seconds, isn't faster after all.  Still some
other classes like them.  But they are single target, short duration, huge mana
hogs, and have relatively marginal effect (guess 12.5% haste?)

Take buffs away from clerics and you wouldn't have much impact on them at all.

Comparing this to Slow is a travesty.   The cleric ability equivalent to Slow is
CHeal.  Luckily that hasn't been nerfed... oh wait.  Well at least they didn't
give that to other classes... oh wait.

Bergh Brelltender


PS No, I'm not serious about the nerf or giveaway.  Pre PoP the nerf was
imperceptable, and it occured before PoP, so really it didn't change the spell,
just the environment changed.  Pre PoP the giveaway WAS large, but it only
worked at the high end of the game, 58+ other healers were competitive with
clerics.  Post PoP, though, the cleric CHeal is better in the same way that all
other cleric heals are better than other healer heals at the same level; bigger
and more mana efficient.

And there are other classes that Slow, just not as well as a shaman, so the
giveaway really wasn't fair to bring up at all.  Fun though.

B



