From 5723752306557332625
X-Google-Thread: fb739,60fd8ffda9c9a1ec
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 04 Nov 2004 12:49:07 -0600
Date: Thu, 04 Nov 2004 13:49:07 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Vote early vote often
References: <4187940B.5050806@dejazzd.com> <XLNhd.402$v7.306@fe40.usenetserver.com> <WJOdnQ3XPPvVXxrcRVn-jg@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <WJOdnQ3XPPvVXxrcRVn-jg@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <24Wdnb5DBKw-5BfcRVn-rQ@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 147
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.255.98
X-Trace: sv3-kI6xaViBbD06gnlLAGwQdaGA4CUMzmvOpu1XYIeA6gJNnL/TyMg9Hsnm9wQejamlqqRGqGV/sXeBKZB!gWroZ4uYFEuKE/ifdgyMm0i/qOr5DXEsyZVCxhva6YGFcstqIA9a6KcJyuBWTcWJ7IX0+H7bNtw=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.20
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:21896

 >Obviously I was off 4 on the Electoral and 1% on Kerry. I figured
 >Nader would do better and take 1 point away from Kerry.

Nader did abyssimally, I'm happy to see, capturing 2% of the independant 
vote and 0% of the vote from people registered with either party... the 
latter seems funny till you realize that 10% of republicans voted for 
Kerry and 7% of Democrats voted for Bush.

Last time around, Nader energized a portion of the electorate by 
claiming that there was no difference between the two major parties; I 
think this time that idea was a much much harder sell.

 >I am glad this is over. I hope everyone who "lost" joins in and 
 >welcomes this president for a second term and gives him their support. 
 >This election has surprised many people by accomplishing many things:

Since the election was run on bitter bitter partisan politics, I doubt 
very much that people are suddenly going to lighten up and heal the 
wounds. That would have been possible in 2001 (even before 9/11) with an 
election that seemed to be a choice between two who cares, and with W's 
claims to be a Uniter... and very very possible post 9/11 when the whole 
country really pulled together. But W and crew squandered that hope, 
creating one of the most bitterly divided countries since the civil war.

 >A new opportunity to put Justices in office that will read the 
 >constitution and not legislate
That would be fine with me, I agree that the Judicial branch's job isn't 
legislative. However, it -is- to knock down legislation that isn't 
constitutional. That said, what I -don't- want to see is conservative 
activist judges, which a lot of people fear is what Bush really wants to do.

Most interestingly, this includes the repulican senator expected to 
chair the Senate Judiciary Comittee, Arlen Specter (who I voted for, yay 
me) just issued a warning to the president about this very matter, 
saying that he's hoping for nominees who will interpret the 
constitution, reflecting the values of the people.

So I guess here, you, I, and Specter agree... we hope Bush gets with the 
program.

 >Bush increased his mandate worldwide by winning a clear cut popular 
 >vote without debate, question, or legalities
I'll grant you that he increased his mandate; but only because his 
previous mandate was nonexistant, he got the presidency without either 
the popular vote or the electoral college vote before, winning it merely 
on the strength of cheating and lying and getting the supreme court to 
call things his way. NOW he has 51% of voters in his favor. This isn't 
so much a mandate as a bare squeaking by margin. While more people voted 
for him than have ever voted for any other president, its also 
interesting to note that more people voted against him, not only than 
have ever voted against a president before, but than have ever voted FOR 
a president before.

 >Bush increased his percentages from 2000 in appr half of the
 >states including FL
and decreased his percentages in the other half, including losing
New Hampshire which he didn't lose before.

 >Same sex marriages were defeated in every election offered
This, I'll grant you, is very clear, and very bewildering to me. That 
there would even be a question as to whether two people can marry if 
they wish is astonishing to me, that this issue could actually win 
anywhere, much less in 11 different places, is beyond my comprehension. 
Oddly, its probably this very issue that won Bush the election, as his 
strongest numbers come from people voting for "moral values".

 >Terrorist and the world now know the country is behind this
 >president and not an "accident" resulting from 2000
Slightly more than half the country voted for Bush... very nearly as 
many voted for Kerry, many of the latter actually said they were 
specifically voting against Bush. Further, you mention Terrorists... 
most people who thought Terror was the most important issue voted 
against Bush. If anyone should be quaking in fear, its gays; the 
anti-gay agenda is what won, that and the Religion front whatever that 
means (these are the two issues where people who thought this was the 
most important thing voted for Bush)

 >The media has been proven to be biased, inaccurate, and irrelevant.
You'll have to explain that. The media predicted a Bush victory by a 
narrow margin, with Ohio as the likely "new Florida" becoming the linch 
pin deciding the entire issue, and coming down to a margin so close that 
weeks of post election squabbling could result before we knew the 
outcome. Seems to me they were correct in every regard, except that 
Kerry's parsing of the numbers in Ohio told him his chances of a 
favorable outcome in the end were few, and he decided to forgo the 
squabbling in favor of getting the country moving ahead.


 >Opinion polls have finally been shown to be what they are - hype
Uh, again, how so? Vote seemed to match up very closely with what the 
polls were saying. I'd think this was a major victory for the polls.

 >Hollywood has been shown to be ineffective in politics
Again, hows that? More people voted in this election than in any in the 
past, more people voted against Bush than ever voted either for or 
against any president in the past. Just because the religious right and 
republican brain trust managed to also work magic and get more people to 
vote than ever before doesn't show that "hollywood" was ineffective... 
if anything, the reverse is true, I bet a large number of Republican 
voters were also energized by "hollywood", if only in that they became 
excited enough to vote by the "hype" but went ahead and voted the way 
they wanted instead of the way the stars might have been pushing.

 >The people have voted with intelligence, conviction, common sense,
 >and proven to be firm in their resolve to defeat terrorism with or 
 >without world opinion.
People who cared about terrorism more than any other issue voted for 
Kerry. Same is true about the war in Iraq (which no matter what you say, 
isn't about terrorism at all) People who cared about "moral values" 
voted for Bush. The statement you make here, while a nice spin, seems 
very contrary to the facts. People who cared about terrorism and were 
firm in their resolve to defeat it voted overwhelmingly in favor of 
someone who actually had a plan to do so, and NOT "with or without world 
opinion" but with the clear understanding that only a free world united 
against terror has any hope of stopping it.

 >God Bless this president and what he stands for
This I'll grant you, the people who thought "religion" was the most 
important voted for Bush. I think its sad that a country with more and 
more non christians, more and more catholics, is still voting 
overwhelmingly on the "mainstream christian" issue. Its an embarassment 
to me that in large part Kerry was defeated for being Catholic and Gore 
because his running mate was Jewish. If the Dalai Lama came over here 
and ran (assuming the Swarzenegger bill passes so people born out of the 
country can run) he'd get fewer votes than Nader!

As for what he stands for, I hardly think lying, killing, robbery, and 
for that matter dishonoring his father, are things that God will bless, 
no matter how nicely you ask.

But in the spirit of Tiny Tim, who knew a losing situation when he saw 
one, God Bless Us Every One.

KM

Note: check
http://www.cnn.com/ELECTION/2004/pa...0/epolls.0.html
which is CNN's exit poll page, for the basis for my various statements 
above.

Contradictory exit poll data from reasonably reliable sources could be 
used to refute that, but not, for example, something like the Rush 
Limbaugh Highly Credible Poll

I consider CNN to be reasonably non biased, I could have gone with 
Comedy Central's exit poll, but probably would have found that Kerry 
lost because his name wasn't as funny as Bush's.


