From 866499684802760834
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a17f592d55541c00
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-09-16 03:08:39 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F66E10B.ADCE57A8@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Totally Frustrating Afternoon
References: <3F66257D.8EE1CF6A@spamnot.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 86
Date: Tue, 16 Sep 2003 10:16:05 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.149
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1063707365 66.109.254.149 (Tue, 16 Sep 2003 06:16:05 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 16 Sep 2003 06:16:05 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:300459



Mark Peterson wrote:

> Well, I guess my easy romp is over! The last few days, I have been
> working on my new Iksar Beastlord. I have been doing all of the newbie
> quests and am down to the last item, the tunic. The creatures I have to
> kill are Froglok Tuk Warriors. Green to Light blue so far. The trouble
> is that they are interspersed within red, red creatures.... Many of
> them!
>
> I have been killed twice today even though I tried to pull the Warriors
> away from the others. Twice new ones popped right on top of me. I
> quickly pulled up the map, marked the spot, saved the map then died. I
> zoned back into Swamp of No Hope, pulled up the map, no notation! Well,
> I sort of know where I was, so summon little scaly and head off. Jumped
> again. There was nothing I could see, so I must assume another creature
> popped on top of or just behind me. Lucky me, both pops were red. Did
> the map thing again, but again it didn't show when I zoned back in. I
> should really learn the loc system, but while I know how it works, can't
> get my mind around it. Not a good thing to admit for a computer
> programer, but there it is!! What it all boils down to is I have lost 2
> corpses. A passing shaman said I should ask a Necromancer to help. Swamp
> of No Hope, both Cabilis's, Field Of Bone and Lake of Ill Omen contained
> only one player, me. I sent a tell to the shaman, and he said to buy a
> chipped bone rod to find my corpses. Spent an hour searching Cabilis
> merchants and no joy.
>
> Does anyone know where I could find one in Cabilis or anywhere else my
> characters below can travel to? I'm on Drinal server.
>
> Mark

Potion vendors the world over carry chipped bone rods; same guys that carry
Cloudy Potion (insta click invis, one charge self only) and EB potions, both
handy things to know.  I'm sure there must be one of these in Cabalis, but I
can't say where.

So I'll tell you where the one I usually use is; he's in Shadowhaven and
will sell to anyone regardless of race.

From the Bazaar, go up the stairs to the area with a couple tents, he's in
the building above you to the left.  So go up the next stairs to the ledge,
then left and around the building to the last door on your right. Go in,
there are two vendors, the one you want is the one on the right.  Short
races have to go behind the counter to get in trade range of him, as an
Iksar you should be ok just walking up to the counter.

Here's how the rod works; get in the zone with your body, and as close to
where you remember dying as you can manage, and away from any obstructions
that would prevent your moving around  (not inside a building unless your
body is in a building or something).  Now, target yourself, put the rod in
your primary hand, and right click on it.  You will instantly turn to face
your body.  This uses one of the three charges on the rod; thats 2pp gone in
an instant.  So don't turn, just run straight forward, you will eventually
reach your body, assuming you don't get dead instead running straight thru
everything.

If you can, casting Invis on yourself after using the rod may help.  Or
getting SOW before trying this may help.

If you run into an obstruction, one good trick is to move sideways to get
past it; hold down control key and use the left or right arrow key to move
left or right without changing your facing.  Past the obstruction, move back
in the other direction a little to get closer to the original path.

Very good trick for recovering a body; make a hotkey that says /corpse, and
spam that hotkey as you move.  You'll keep getting "out of range' messages,
but trying doesn't cost anything, and when you don't get that message,
you'll know you have hooked the body.  Keep moving till you are in a good
spot to loot it in, clear of roamers or whatever.  Try and stop somewhere
you can easily find, in case you die again you'll not have to use another
charge from the rod.  If you've picked up an add, drag the body to a zone
line if you can, or else do what you should always do when its hopeless;
move to where you can find the body!

Always be on the lookout for landmarks when you are fighting, dying on a
road or near a building or something like that will save you a lot of pp and
shoe leather in the long run.

At any rate, stick the rod with its unused charges in the bank; carrying it
with you means when you die again and need it, its on your body and you have
to go buy another!

Bergh



