From 2908142574910785672
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c0db85c1fb36b5e3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Dear SOE: Please Stop EQ2
Date: Sat, 22 May 2004 10:26:03 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10av36s3b11hnb7@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <722c36b7.0405211000.8b958bb@posting.google.com> <10asndpaa3eif88@news.supernews.com> <Pine.OSF.4.21.0405211731120.134380-100000@mhc.mtholyoke.edu> <Xns94F0AC11A5142Rumbledorhotmailcom@204.127.199.17> <10at0d87k6lu17a@news.supernews.com> <_Tvrc.560568$Ig.71988@pd7tw2no> <vnita0dcop90f8u23r5hn54jg0dmcnq05u@4ax.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 122
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:3220


"Michael Johnson" <myaddy@san.rr.com> wrote in message
news:vnita0dcop90f8u23r5hn54jg0dmcnq05u@4ax.com...

> subsequently fucking over your business timelines. If Worlds of
> Warcraft is delayed past the holidays they'll either up releasing in a
> downtime or having to hold it back even longer until they hit another
> marketing tide.

Blizzard has direct experience with this and the lesson they've learned is
that getting it right is more critical to their longterm success. They
released both Diablo and Starcraft *after* Christmas, well into January and
missed the bulk of the holiday sales. And it not only didn't hurt them, it
helped establish their reputation for "getting it right" and both those
games went on to become classic, multi-million sellers.

> The biggest marketing tool you have is your game.. period.

And this is why Star Wars Galaxies, a game that was universally described as
buggy beyond belief at launch, roundly criticized for just about everything
except its crafting system, had its Jedi system ridiculed and lambasted to
the point where they have had to completely overhaul and revamp the criteria
TWICE, and overall considered one of the biggest disappointments of the
year, right up with there with Masters of Orion 3, is *still* selling very
well, resulting in the promotion of the Creative Director to his new spot as
Creative Director for all of SOE products?

Some games will make money hand over fist even with major problems at
launch. Star Wars Galaxies is the perfect example, and the reasons usually
cited in that case are a) the Star Wars license and b) the EverQuest
management and resources. We can argue that they would have been more
successful had they waited, but given the cost of delayed development and
postponed ad campaigns, waiting was probably viewed internally as a net
negative relative to putting it out and dealing with the problems in real
time. I can't tell you how many times I've heard software management argue
that putting a product out with known bugs will get the product ready for
market sooner because of the exposure the product will get in the hands of
users, an exposure that can't be duplicated in the test labs.  These are the
kinds of considerations a corporate entity like Sony will evaluate when it
comes time to decide go/nogo. And so they launched SWG in June, despite an
almost universal sense among testers, reviewers (and probably programmers)
that the game wasn't ready for commercial release. Didn't matter, and
management knew it. After all, this was "Star Wars,  by the makers of
EverQuest!". Talk about a license to print money. And we all proved them
right.

> And the players that want to play your game aren't going to give a shit
about
> 4000 reviews.. they WILL try you out and see what you are looking to
> offer.

That's generally true if the buzz and value proposition are sufficently
compelling from the start ("Star Wars, by the makers of EverQuest!"). But
"4000 bad reviews" is precisely why I didn't try Shadowbane, Horizons, of
FFXI, and I'm as hardcore as they come in MMOGs.

> And, for all the vocality of the userbase, mmorpg hardcorers
> are usually extremely patient while you iron things out.. especially
> if they think you have a winner.

This I agree with, to a point. I was far more patient with UO and AO than
most and happily patient with SWG, mostly because the bugs that were being
screamed about the loudest didn't affect me as much as other players, but
also because I knew they would be ironed out eventually. Still, it bothered
me to know that the game's critical mass would be slowed as a result and
these games are no fun if you're playing them alone ... (see, e.g.,
Asheron's Call 2).

> Right now.. WoW has a unique opportunity... they have a door open to
> them. One of the quirks of mmorpg's is that once a user identifies a
> game they like and want to work characters up in.. they tend to stay
> loyal.. refusing to double up on subscription and game costs between
> different games.

That's exactly why the timing is critical. Whoever gets to launch first is
going to grab those players who could go either way, and once players have
made their investment in their characters and are hooked by the action,
they're a lot less likely to go try the other one.

> >I think getting it right at launch is going to count more than getting
> >to launch first.
>
> It doesn't have to launch 'first'.. it simply has to be in the same
> time frame. EQ2 could come out.. then WoW a month or two later.
> They'll get evaluated together which is all WoW needs if its got the
> goods.

This statement seems contradictory to what you're saying above. If a user
has identified a game he likes and starts working his characters up, he
tends to stay loyal (using your words above). If a 2nd game comes along two
months later (which is a lifetime for most games and can easily be well
beyond the point of commitment in an MMOG), he's at that stage you describe
and a lot less likely to try game 2. No, I think launch date is going to be
a big factor, it certainly will be on the minds of both publishers as a
major factor in gaining market share. I think this is less likely with
Blizzard, but even with them it's hard to tell because they've undergone
substantial change recently and they are owned now by the same kind of
corporate entity that will be doing that brutal marketing evaluation of
release timing vs. EQ2.

It's my intention to try both of these games when they come out. It's also
my clear intention to play only one of them (I don't have the cycles for
more than one MMOG at a time). So, whichever one comes out first is the one
I'm going to try first. If that game delivers enough of what I want from an
MMOG, I probably won't even try the other one.

The other thing that complicates all of this is the beta cycles. You could
almost substitute "beta release" for "launch date" in the discussion above
because playing through a beta may generate a similar level of loyalty as
well as provide the kind of familiarity that gives players the edge they
like having over the rest of the gaming public at release.

Hell of a race to watch.
-- 
Bob Perez

"Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they
quit playing."
- Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes





