From 4678616819140872012
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6cc9d67520d86ecd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-01 06:41:22 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: More "Group over Solo" data
Date: Fri, 01 Jun 2001 09:39:45 -0400
Organization: Cheesy Goodness
Message-ID: <3B179B21.D6E5A7E3@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 70
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:80580

Had yet another interesting conversation with a guy in FM this week who
was claiming that he didn't want to get "bogged down with grouping"
cause he was trying to level up. The same old rationale was given:

"Look..... if the mob is worth 120 xp, and I kill it alone, I get 120
xp.  If I'm in a full group, even with the bonus, I get 1/6 the xp (or
20 points) plus the 20% bonus, for a total of 24 points. *YOU* do the
math, genius."

I have, on occasion, still been forced to solo a bit when the zone is
empty just to keep busy. The number of things that make this logic
flawed are staggering. (Ok, by the way, I'm not talking about druids or
necros here... I mean "regular folk".) His math was very accurate, but
fails to take many things into account. First of all there is the death
factor. If I'm not near the zone line, even fighting blues at lvl 33 I
stand a reasonable chance of dying on every battle. If the damn mob
itself doesn't kill me, it will often turn and run past one or more of
it's buddies when I'm trying to finish it off and I'm down below half
health. <whack whack whack..... loading, please wait.> Now you've lost
the xp equivalent of a bunch o' mobs and several hours. In a well
structured group, with some healers and some good buffs on, and other
fighters to soak up some of the damage, my odds of dying seem to be
miniscule in comparison.

And let's say that you somehow *never* die soloing the blues.  When I
finish soloing a mountian giant, I'm generally well below half health. I
have a bind wounds skill of well over 100, so in a minute or two I can
bind myself up to half health. Still not nearly enough to take on a new
mob since the last one did more than 1/2 damage to me. So what do I do?
I sit. Even with my racial regen, healing up the last half of my 1200
odd HP will take six, seven, eight minutes.  Add that to the bandaging
time and you have as much as ten minutes with no action, all for the xp
earned from one blue mob.  If I had been in the well balanced, well
functioning groups, could I have killed six blues to get the same xp
plus the bonus in that ten minutes?  You bet your ass. More likely three
times that amount.

For a couple hours one night this week we had a group which was damn
near perfect, IMHO. My warrior tanking, a monk, a rogue, a cleric, a
shammy, and a chanter.  Giants there can not be mezzed, but the
cleric/shammy were on constant crack so you rarely heard the "OOM!"
message.  The other melee types and I were hastened with augment. The
monk pulled and assisted the rogue in dealing out some serious damage
while I kept them in my face and wailed on them. The shammy's buffs were
really keeping my damage-taken down and the augment was keeping my
damage-dealt up.  Shammy could also act as backup healer to the cleric
when she got lom or things got hairy. We were handling as many as three
at a time on the occasional overpull with no deaths or running. With the
single pulls, by the time we got the mob a little below half the monk
was off and running to get a new one.

Moral of story........ in the amount of time it would have taken me to
kill one mountain giant and heal up to be ready for a second one, I
would guess that we had ganked better than 25 of them with a full
group.  The xp flies by, where as it *always* crawls for a warrior tryin
to solo in my experience.  Am I saying that warriors *can't* solo? No,
I'm not. What I *am* saying is that unless your gear is so ubertwinked
over the top that your *gear* can solo blues at that level with minimal
damage, it's always going to be a ton slower soloing than working in a
good group.

Since we again have some newer people here asking questions about the
solo route, etc. I just thought I would share that experience.
--
Jakys Lv'Tyrr, the Mad Monk of Qeynos
Monk of 25 Seasons, Silent Fist
a.k.a.
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 33 Campaigns




