From 7846270038618098658
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cf238883c4543ee5
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-14 15:58:01 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!leto.ou.edu!ounews.ou.edu!not-for-mail
From: "Brian E. Parker" <beparker@reply.in.the.group.plz>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <d402ae3f.0108141349.4d66704e@posting.google.com>
Subject: Re: A Few Comments on EQ and the newsgroup
Lines: 158
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Message-ID: <dYhe7.266$c4.10326864@ounews.ou.edu>
Date: Tue, 14 Aug 2001 17:51:47 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 167.16.161.39
X-Complaints-To: news@ou.edu
X-Trace: ounews.ou.edu 997829513 167.16.161.39 (Tue, 14 Aug 2001 17:51:53 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 14 Aug 2001 17:51:53 CDT
Organization: The University of Oklahoma
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:107226

"Harold Jenkins" <eqplayer812@yahoo.com> wrote in message
news:d402ae3f.0108141349.4d66704e@posting.google.com...
> Hello all, 38 yr. old, former D&D player here.  I began playing EQ 3
> weeks ago and have been reading, with some amusement, the posts here
> for the past week or so.  EQ reminds me of the days spent in the
> college dormatory playing D&D, except now it is played on the computer
> screen.

I don't fine -too-many resemblances to the D&D days of 20+ years ago and I
wish there were more.  Verant tried to make the monsters semi-intelligent,
and tried to put in interesting quests, but I think they could spend a
little more time and make things better.  I'd much rather see the game get
more intelligent and dynamic in regards to what already exists than to see
them spend tons of hours upgrading eye-candy and adding new zones.

But, it's not bad enough to keep me away from it, apparently!  I figure NwN
will get released somwhere around August of 2005, so I'll have my dreams
realized at that time.  If you haven't been following Neverwinter Nights
since the inception of the idea, you're lucky.  If you've never head about
it, go to the home page and read a little.  As a D&D guy, you'll be
drooling.

> A few comments on the recent "Names" thread which is approaching 500
> replies (And I do not wish to start another).  I have been posting to
> many newsgroups since the days when the only definition of SPAM was a
> ghastly meat(?) product.

If a thread gets 4+ replies deep in this NG, it usually has degraded to
argumentative drivel on that branch.  Not always - but usually.

> On the matter of the name reporting, I feel that if a violation had
> occurred, then a report of it was in-line with rules of the game and
> have no problem agreeing with the person who reported it.  However,
> being Devil's Advocate, I also feel that reporting only one name and
> not reporting ALL names that violate this policy is a bit selective
> and unwarranted.  As I ran through several zones last night, I counted
> no less than 39 potential violations of the naming policy.  Everything
> from 2 variations of the word "Kermit" as a name for an Iksar to names

I haven't seen any "Kermits", yet.  I haven't played an Iksar, either.  It
would have made me laugh, though.  And, Yup, I report names.  "Ihealforu"
was the latest.  She was even in my group.  Normally, I won't even consider
idiot namers to be in my group, but I decided to test my theory with her.
She was definitely someone with a child-like mentality as proven by her
playing and communications.

> such as Azzcrax and Furrberrgerr.  I suppose that everyone has a
> choice on whether to report the names or not, but from what I have
> seen, I would be spending half my time reporting names and from the
> discussions on Kill Steals and the like, I would prefer the GM's to be
> attending to those matters as opposed to changing someones goofy name.
>  Maybe a 1 week suspension would deter starting these names to begin with.

There just aren't enough GMs to go around.  I've had problems with KSers
several times, once recently.  I've never had a response on the matter
within the hour. By then, one of you has moved on. Now, if they would
suspend the blatant KSers for a while, I think that would be great.  By
blatant, I mean the ones who laugh at you while they do it and when I send
them a tell like "So, you're KSing my kills on purpose?" and they reply
"Yup, and you can't do anything about it!".  Maybe they actually -do-
something like suspensions, but I doubt it.  I bait them into admitting to
KSing before reporting them so that the text can be caught in the report, so
there's no doubt in the GMs mind as to what is going on.

> As to the newsgroup itself, I find most of the material informative
> and have used much of it already in playing the game.  The only

There is -tons- of great information here.  Many people who give good
answers and expound on them to no end.  I love the great replies.

> problem I see with the group is a complete lack of tolerance to any
> opposing views on any subject.  In reading the posts, I see that there
> is a core of posters who seem to control the group and when a new
> person offers an opposing view, they are immediately flamed out as a
> dork, child (Which some of them probably are), or are accused of being

I guess some people would think they control the group, but noone can
control it unless you believe they control it.  There are a few prominent
posters who give good answers to questions and insights into situations that
come up.  They also seem to get some sort of high from telling people how
stupid they are ( usually deserved ), etc. *shrug*  It's best just to quit
following a branch of a thread once an idiot posts something stupid.  The
problem is on the threads that I can actually learn from - ie. "The Tank's
Main Job" thread - where you can get great information as a budding Warrior.
It -HAS- to eventually degrade to flames.  If someone ever thinks someone is
taking a shot at them or their opinion, they have to retaliate in an even
stronger way so that they don't look bad.  It's a given, especially in a NG
that has a very high Male following --> Egos galore!

> the same person.  I realize, of course, that this explodes into a
> name-calling thread such as the "names" thread, not only by the
> replying individuals, but by the original posters (I am not pointing
> out Lokari here..no offense intended).

The names thread will reoccur over and over.  Get used to that particular
topic.  It's one of many.  It starts the same way, progresses the same way,
and never really ends.  It just gets a new title attached to it.

> Hopefully as a new poster, you could grant me some slack and not flame
> me to horribly on my first post to the group

Who cares if you get flamed?  There are groups of people - those whose
opinions matter to me, and those whose opinions don't.  Most people fall in
the latter category and really don't exist as far as I'm concerned.  Their
goal is to get your angered, and all they do is make me laugh.  I taught
this philosophy to my wife's sister, who was always concerned what other
people think about her and what she does.  She's a much happier person now
and concentrates more on things that really matter.  It's an easy mindset to
adopt and it works well in newsgroups.

Once again, this is a great place to get answers to your EQ questions.
Whatever you want to do or learn about in the game, someone has most likely
already done it.  There are about 2 people in here whose posts I will always
read because they are knowledgable people, they -never- try to make someone
feel stupid, and they have tact. ( *cough Mr. Shaw* )

I hope you enjoy the game, but after a while, it will probably degrade to
just killing the same thing over and over to get EXP.  At that point, I
suggest exploring new zones, doing odd quests, messing with tradeskills ( at
least the beginning of them, before they are too expensive ), etc..  Try
different characters.  I finally started a non-Gnome and it's nice to do
something different.

I also suggest not joining a guild, yet.  Go back through the NG's history
and read up on the "Guild" threads - lot's of good information there.  Or,
just wait a week or 2 - someone will ask what they should look for in a
guild and you'll see all of the normal replies posted.

If you are on Karana, group with some of the people in the "Ancient
Adventurers" guild.  We're mainly people over 30 years old.  We have some
younger people in the guild, but they all are mature.  I'm not suggesting
you join, but if you want to group with some people who enjoy helping and
are older, give one of us a shout!  Tell them Zymyool sent ya, or if you
catch me, I'll answer any in-game questions that I can.   command:  "/who
all ancient"   will let you know who is online.  Also, check out the website
that I'm working on: http://www.ancientadventurers.org:280/ and keep us in
mind when you may be ready to join a guild.  We're Gnome-only, but I see
that changing pretty soon.  Unfortunately, the site is pretty much only for
IE 5 and above =(  I have no idea what will happen if you view it in
Netscape or any other browser.

Something I didn't realize at first was that you can have 8 different
characters on each server.  That's a lot of characters =)  I only play on
Karana, but have played on one other before.  I plan on starting a character
on another server soon to start over "friendless" to see how that goes.

Good luck, for sure.
-BEP

--
Zymyool, 24th lvl Gnomish Chanter ( tradeskill freak )
Pheilmi, 21st lvl Gnomish Necro ( friendliest Necro in the land )
Draglorvin, 12th lvl Dwarvish Warrior ( looking for weapons )
????, 0 lvl ???ish Monk ( starting soon )
Karana Server





