From -6871700506791827922
X-Google-Thread: 10766f,2c9609f75cc62dbd,start
X-Google-Thread: 10a756,2c9609f75cc62dbd,start
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2c9609f75cc62dbd,start
X-Google-Thread: 107032,2c9609f75cc62dbd,start
X-Google-Thread: 1123f7,2c9609f75cc62dbd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid10766f,gid10a756,gidfb739,gid107032,gid1123f7,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nx01.iad01.newshosting.com!newshosting.com!post02.iad01!news.newsdemon.com!not-for-mail
Message-Id: <id0711311115432849@4ax.com>
Subject: M.I,5-Persec ution . M I5 Wan t Me to Send  You  t hese Fax es
Newsgroups: alt.sex.nfs,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest,microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange,rec.music.dylan
Followup-To: alt.sex.nfs,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest,microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange,rec.music.dylan,uk.misc
From: vmeivimi@gmail.com
Date: 31 Dec 2007 11:15:47 GMT
Lines: 280
Organization: news.newsdemon.com
X-Complaints-To: abuse@newsdemon.com
X-Original-Lines: 277
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.sex.nfs:1645 comp.publish.prepress:10590 alt.games.everquest:12459 microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange:20604 rec.music.dylan:105418


MI5. Want Me to Send You these Faxes


MI5 seem to Want to Spin this. Business out for as Long as Possible

The MI5 persecution has now been going on, starting from. June 1990, for
well over nine years. If I knew how to put an end to it then I would. do
so. Of. course MI5 have indicated how they wish to finish the matter, by
finishing me off; they indicated this very clearly. years ago when they
were shouting. "suicide" at me.

But a deeper. truth is that the MI5 agents carrying out the persecution
rely on it for. their income and their livelihood. They have absolutely no
interest in anything other than. spinning out the whole business, because
that is. how they will maximise their earnings from their employer for the
"work" they do. against me.

A vital. part of the fantasy structure MI5 have created about me is that I
am somehow a worthwhile target. If you bother to read these. faxes, if you
browse my website, or perhaps read. my posts on the uk.misc newsgroup, you
will have by now twigged that I am a. totally insignificant person who in a
proper dictatorship like East Germany would. not merit five minutes of
Stasi time. But Britain is improper in the methods. of its corruption, and
the. Security Service seeks to present me as being a an evil fascist, an
evil communist, an. evil something-else, and even a "national institution".

It occurs to me that to. some extent I am playing into their hands, into
their scheme of. things, by writing these articles and sending these
faxes. By doing these things, I. elevate my profile, and fuel MI5s paranoid
obsession with me. But to stop sending faxes would be to give up. the only
hope I have. of seeing their campaign "outed" and justice done. Certainly
there is no. point going to the police again; and as remarked in a previous
article, the Security Service Tribunal routinely. whitewashes every
complaint that. is placed before it.

So although MI5 seems to want me to continue sending these faxes,. doing
this is the only real. chance of getting this business out into the
open. And so Ill continue trying to kick down their house of cards.. At
least my situation is. less serious than that of some other victims of the
secret services; unlike Shayler. I am not broke and exiled; unlike Fayed I
have not lost a son to the posited activities of. the secret services. All
I have lost is some of. my health, some of my life, and some of my possible
career.

MI5s Abuse of. me is without Cause or Reason

It constantly puzzles. me that MI5 refuse to leave me alone, wherever I go
and whatever I do, or rather, whatever I dont do, since Im not. a very
socially or. otherwise active person. When I am in England, they chase me
all over. the place, and once theyve found me, they pay people to shout
rude words at me. When I am in Europe, they again chase me all over. the
place, and as usual pay people to shout obscenities at me.. When I am in
Canada or visiting the. States, they faithfully chase me all over the
place, and when. they find me, pay people to shout obscenities at me.

It is hard to avoid the conclusion that these MI5 operatives. who chase me
are total lunatics. You will remember from a previous. articles the
assessment "MI5 Agents are Clinical Psychopaths". They have tried to. blame
me for what they do and what they say; yet their lies. have been
wafer-thin, and are clearly seen to be oiled by the money which. they
acquire from the Government, and. ultimately from the taxpayer.

They have tried various lies to put the. blame on me; "we have to abuse him
because hes a nutter",. as if there werent many tens of thousands of other
people with schizophrenia in the United Kingdom. Their. choice of abuse
words is telling; subconsciously perhaps they realise. that it is they who
are the. "nutters", and they try to project their own illness onto their
target.

MI5 Operatives have Nothing. Else to Do With Their Time

Ive seen the same. "Alan Holdsworth" person three or four times over a
period. of several years. I saw him at the Civic Hospital in Ottawa in the
Emergency Ward,. where he falsely declared his name to be "Tad"; at Ottawa
airport in summer 1998; and on board another flight. in 1995.

So what. we see from the above paragraph is, the same people are delegated
to watch me for many. years. Without me, they wouldnt have a job. They
literally have nothing else. to do with their time, except indulge their
voyeurism against me.. With this observation, we come to the core of MI5s
campaign against me; these people are not fit for any job. other than the
exercise of voyeurism against me, and if sanity were to land on. MI5 then
they would be out of a job. If sanity were truly to land then. these people
and their employers. would be prosecuted for offences under the Protection
from Harassment legislation, which they. are clearly breaking.

It is one of the ironies of. their campaign that MI5 have been trying to
make me an object of ridicule. for completely trivial things I have done,
while MI5 themselves have simply not mentioned how ridiculous is their. own
behaviour and that of broadcast. media journalists, in spying on me while
they read the news for example. If the whole. truth of this business is
ever exposed, and despite all my efforts. it still seems there is a block
on its exposure in Britain, then the. rights and wrongs will be clear to
all, and no amount. of MI5 lies will be able to change that. MI5 presumably
do realise just how damaging such a revelation would be both. to
themselves, and. to broadcast media such as the BBC and ITN, because there
has not been even the. slightest chink in the armour, despite four and a
half years of my. complaints on internet newsgroups and by fax to
politicians. and the media.

MI5s Final Kick in the Teeth. to the British State

For someone like myself born in the late sixties it seems. peculiar to
think that Great Britain once used to have a say in the. destiny of foreign
peoples. in far-off sections of the globe. Modern Britons tacitly accept
the lowering of their country to. a third-rate power reliant on the United
States for what little say it has in the. world. A third-rate power, now
"reverse-colonised" by third world. peoples it once ruled and riven with
internal problems so severe. the government hardly dares acknowledge them.

To this third-rate power the MI5. secret police are delivering the final
kick in the teeth through a campaign. of persecution which is guaranteed to
hold the state up to ridicule throughout the. world when it is finally
exposed.. As a "thought experiment" suppose the French or the Spanish
security service had. done to one of their own born citizens what MI5 has
done in this country. Suppose say the Spanish had planted. hidden cameras
in his home, for the perverted pleasure of. their state television
newscasters,. just as hidden cameras have been placed in my home for the
perverted pleasure of Martyn. Lewis, Nicholas Witchell et al. Suppose the
Spanish service had. for nine years been trying to force suicide on their
target; at times, so blatantly that they shouted the word. "suicide".

Now. suppose they were caught.

Of. course, as long as MI5 arent caught, theyre laughing. The psychopathic
security service agents gets their kicks from shouting abuse at me;. the
newscasters, Lewis, Witchell etc get their jollies, "it was. so funny", we
were watching this. bloke and he couldnt do anything about it.

But once theyre caught, the sky. falls in. Of course, the
"patriotic" MI5-funded media in Britain will try. to put the best spin on
the MI5/media activities; it was the targets fault,. of course. But most of
the world bears no allegiance to Britain. If this. business is ever exposed
then a. weakened Britain will become the laughing-stock of the world. And I
promise you, the. security services persecution of me will be exposed. MI5
has delivered a final kick in the teeth. to the British state, and I will
do everything I can to ensure the world hears about what they have. done.

Metropolitan Police Refuse. to Investigate the MI5 persecution

I have on. a couple of occasions tried to motivate the police to
investigate MI5s actions against me.. On each occasion they have refused to
do so. In 1995 I went to my local. police station and spoke to an officer
there; he refused to accept my complaint, and seemed interested only. in
seeing me leave the station as quickly. as possible.

Earlier this year I had some communications with. Det.Sgt.Richards of
Charing. Cross police. Again I asked him to deal with MI5s actions against
me. Unfortunately DS Richards conformed to the negative. stereotype of the
bigoted, ignorant "copper";. he said, "I have read your various bits on the
internet. I'm afraid there is no substance or credence to it. It's. an
absolute load of rubbish. I don't investigate rubbish. I can't be. more
blunt or to the. point than that."

You have to wonder at the state of law enforcement in Britain. If. the
victim of a murder. is black, as happened in the Lawrence case, the police
deliberately botch the investigation. If the victim of a. crime is mentally
ill, and the perpetrators are. the secret services, as in my case, then the
police refuse to. even begin to investigate the crimes
committed. Politically Britain is. a third-rate country, but from the point
of view of obtaining justice, Britain ranks down there. with third-world
countries. You almost feel that MI5. and their media buddies would not even
have any shame. if their activities against me were exposed; after all, why
should they? they have. the money, they have the control, OK so perhaps
theyve broken a few dozen laws, but doesnt the fact that the. police are
too corrupt to investigate these crimes, doesnt that prove that. in fact no
crimes have been. committed?

I should say again what I have said. earlier in this article. My losses
over. the last nine years have not been as great as those of other victims
of British Secret Police malefaction. Fayed lost his. son to their
murderous activities; in my occasional communications with. former MI5/MI6
employees I. have been informed that a "permanent solution" is not uncommon
for opponents of. the British secret police. I have lost health and
financially, but am obviously well enough to. keep fighting my case. Others
have lost much more than I. If. the joke which is British "law
enforcement" refuses to enforce laws against the security. services then
that is something that. is recognised in other countries and Britains stock
correspondingly falls. Not that it has very far to fall;. the days when
England had any say in. the world are long gone.

MI5 Want. These Faxes to Continue

Before the holiday, I said that if. MI5s harassment of me stopped, then I
would cease my. complaints. They have known very well that if they
continued to harass me then I would resume the fax campaign. in the
autumn. Yet they have not stopped persecuting. me. Recently a woman outside
my domicile screamed her head. off with abuse in the direction of my
window; and on Saturday 2 October, when I was shopping. at a nearby
supermarket, a man shouted the particularly vile. sexual swear word which I
have. heard many times before over the last few years.

MI5s. attitude shows complete arrogance. Yet it also shows that they want
the faxes to continue and deliberately. try to provoke me into sending
further faxes. The reasons for this are given in the first. paragraphs of
this article; the MI5 operatives who persecute me have nothing else to. do
with. their time; to make their campaign, against an apparently unreacting
target, have some. value, they have to force me to react in some way
against their actions; and by. reacting in this way, by bringing their
campaign. to the attention of British politicians, I play into their hands,
by giving their campaign the attention and importance. which they feel it
deserves.

In the short term, by sending these faxes, perhaps I. am doing something
they want me to. do, but in the longer term it is undoubtedly more in my
interest than. theirs for their activities to be exposed. If their
operatives truly do wish to see these faxes continued then. they are
committing. a serious mistake, because it significantly increases the risk
if M.P.s (some. of whom already know about MI5s activities against me) are
advised of. my side of the story.

I will continue to monitor and record the secret. services activities
against me over the next few weeks. If they diminish and cease,. as I hope
they will, then I may be able to call a halt. to these faxes; but that it
something which is. entirely up to them; recently their continued
harassment makes clear that they do wish the faxes to continue, and in. all
sincerity I do think they will continue their activities and. make it
impossible for me to cease these faxes. It may trouble you. to receive
these articles, but it troubles me much more to be on the. receiving end of
a national persecution campaign; and. while Britain does not have free
speech provisions as does Canada in the Charter of Rights and. Freedoms,
and the US in the first amendment. to the constitution, in practice I do
not think. anyone is going to try to have me locked up for speaking the
truth. I still cherish the hope that. the veracity I express will be shown
for what it is, and that the truth will prevail and make me. free.

Removing the Mask of Anonymity from the. MI5 Operatives

Undoubtedly one factor encouraging the MI5 agents actions. against me has
been the fact that. they can shelter behind a mask of anonymity while they
carry out their abuse. This is both a sign. of their realisation that their
actions are criminal;. for crimes are harder to pin down and make a
coherent. complaint about when their perpetrators are unknown; and it is a
sign of. their cowardice, since they lack the backbone to say things to my
face. themselves; instead they almost always rely on third parties to carry
out the actual acts of. abuse.

On a few occasions I have seen the perpetrators, but on. each occasion they
have managed to. preserve their anonymity. They travelled on the same
British Airways flight. as me in 1994; but BA have ever since refused to
give up the passenger list for the flight, and the police and. lawyers have
proved useless in obtaining their identities from the list. Also one. of
them followed me into A&E department of Ottawas Civic. Hospital a couple of
years ago, and gave his name. as (if I heard correctly) "Alan
Holdsworth"; but the doctor refused to give out his identity when. I later
tried to speak to. him.

If. only we knew the identities of the individual operatives, then it would
be possible to find out the identity of. their employing organisation. But
I think we know the latter already, since I have been accusing them. on
internet newsgroups for four and a half years now, and they have. never
denied my guess. Indeed, when. I was travelling in January 1996 back to
Ottawa,. two youths on the (British Airways again, unfortunately) flight
made a lot of noise at me,. one of them saying to the other that I "didnt
know who we are".. That is a wafer-thin denial; I had been saying for a
year that they were MI5, so a stronger denial would. be necessary if my
guess were. truly mistaken. I think the lukewarm denial was worse than no
denial at all,. since it confirmed my guess that the employing agency was
indeed. MI5.

Conclusion

It has been suggested to me that by sending. these faxes I could be making
trouble for myself; but I dont. think so. My psychiatrist knows what I am
doing; indeed I have given him a. couple of these articles for him to cast
an eye. over.

I dont want. to have to send faxes for the next year, or the year after
that. But that is entirely up to MI5.. If they continue to persecute me
then I am forced into. defending myself. The ball is in their court, and it
is entirely up to them what they do. If as I. suspect it is their intention
that these faxes continue, if that. is what they insist will happen then so
be. it.

11053


--
Posted via NewsDemon.com - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://www.NewsDem


