From -4464581350027858193
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a3e42a226bc3fcdc,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 13 Jun 2006 07:34:03 -0500
Date: Tue, 13 Jun 2006 08:33:59 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Returning to EQ
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <I6ednZRFcpYmLRPZnZ2dnUVZ_oednZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 101
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.32.31
X-Trace: sv3-R2eR80zIkbQBdOh/PEWhrvKhNJcpF6XJBlOSsnK2kB08GhOBz/D9u5QI1lZZBe3Kg0cpO8dkqZurhtg!2Z7i3Nnqt+rLWaUgwId92dk4I0R1nFDnmwukFoAjNOT+sfUVJeqhEtGPbfulxGwKudOyRxvz8zfX!7sDhnljBnQ==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:2426

So, I went ahead and paid for a month, patched and logged in successfully.

Here's the list of expansions I have:

Classic
RoK
SoV
SoL
PoP
LDoN
LoY
OoW
GoD

Dunno what I'm missing there, I do know I did very little with OoW and 
GoD even though I shelled out the cash for them, heck, I think I only 
saw half the zones of LoY for that matter.

I logged in my 65 mage on FV, and spent quite a while trying to remember 
how the interface works and so on.  Talking with Goom helped, as he had 
some idea what was "new" to the game and could mention some of it, and 
when I couldn't remember something he could usually tell me what button 
I was looking for and so on.

After a while of this, I zoned to the bazaar to check on prices for 
spells, figuring they'd have dropped dramatically since levels 66-70 
would mean they were no longer the "endgame" stuff.  But I quickly 
realized I didn't even know the names of the spells I didn't have, and 
couldn't figure out how to filter the search by spell level... so 
shelved that idea for later, after I could go to a web site and make a 
list of spells I don't have.

Then I decided to go do some combat and see how things went.  Didn't 
want to go anywhere difficult to recover a body from as I'd doubtless 
make mistakes, so I went to PoJ.  Empty, not one person other than me in 
there.  Wow, I can remember when it would get downright laggy in there 
with multiple groups lined up to take turns doing trials, buffing squads 
assisting them, a couple groups splitting the exit mobs, some more down 
doing "P&E" and maybe some more adventurous souls in the caverns. 
Nobody.  Whole time I was there, maybe an hour, nobody even zoned in far 
as I could tell (I admit I wasn't checking all that often)

Anyway, down at exit, turns out the sentries are still cyan at 65, so I 
took one on.  Took a little while to get my pet to actually engage, 
apparantly he wasn't following me around as a default, but rather 
sitting up there at zone in.  Eventually I got that fixed, and watched 
him take down a sentry, no problem, other than his damage output seems 
pretty low despite burnout V, full array of (self summoned) pet gear; 
he's mostly hitting for 83 a pop.  Exp, my first in 8+ months, feels 
nice.  Of course, not a noticable amount of exp, but what can you do, 
the mob is cyan.

Well I wandered around some, the Gaolers are dark blue, I took some of 
them down, dealt with adds, practiced nuking and aggro control and 
healing a bit.  Then I got cocky and went down to P&E, half the mobs are 
dark blue and half are cyan.  I could single pull dark blues even if 
they were very close to cyans, and could take down any single, albiet in 
some cases burning a noticable amount of mana either on heals or on 
nukes, and to keep buffs up.  I could also single pull one of a pair of 
blues if either was an elemental, as I have an elemental-only mez.

So I was chugging along, when the unfortunate happened; my mana regen 
problems slowed me down enough that a mob repopped in aggro range of me 
while my pet was fighting another mob.  Well I tried to run and didn't 
quite make it out, as I was running thru repops.  Probably with better 
mage instincts I'd have managed to get the add stuck on my pet and 
either survived or at least had time to gate.

Well, it was late and I'd had my taste of playing, so I logged out to go 
to bed, figuring I'd get the body from the graveyard in the morning 
after checking up some on the web to learn more about changes and get 
that spell list.

Can't really find much info, its buried too deep in the forums I guess, 
conversations there don't look much different than they did when I quit. 
  I'll have to figure out how to use the search functions or something I 
suppose.  I did get a list together of spells I'm missing, although no 
commentary as to what they do exactly or how useful they actually are, 
other than someone's offhand comment that the post 60 fire pets continue 
to be useless.

I'm not even certain I'll stick with the mage, its just a thought I had 
because he and my cleric are my two level 65 characters, and the 66-70 
(soon to be 75) is the only part of the game I've never done at all, 
might be more "new" to me than starting over with a fresh toon, when 
I've done just about all the classes to at least 50.  I was also 
thinking it would be handy to have some support, and Goom had expressed 
some interest since he has a toon (well, several I think) on FV.

To round things out, though, of course when I try to log in, ready to 
get that body and tinker around a bit more, it turns out they are 
patching, with an 8 hour patch no less!

Yep, thats EQ; log in, die, lose level, try to log back in to recover, 
patch time!

Only way it could have been more perfect would have been if I'd died 
from a train instead of my own incompetance.

Lance Berg
Splendid One, 64 mage, Firioina Vie


