From -7100853866734264178
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b2c686bda5240b2f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-27 22:58:11 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Group dynamics question
Date: Wed, 28 Aug 2002 05:55:22 -0000
Organization: Institute of Lawsonomy, Department of Suction and Pressure
Message-ID: <slrnamope8.deq.reply_in_group@tzs.net>
References: <UgOa9.321099$s8.5620667@twister.tampabay.rr.com>
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.7.4 (Linux)
Cache-Post-Path: tzs.net!unknown@tzs.net
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.3.3 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 124
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:226464

In article <UgOa9.321099$s8.5620667@twister.tampabay.rr.com>, Alana V wrote:
> Hi all, I'm currently playing my first EQ character, a level 16 Rogue, and
> have kicked and scratched my way to this point all alone. I've avoided
> groups because, quite frankly, I don't know exactly what is expected of me
> in a group situation. (Dumb, I know, but at least honest.)

While every class *can* solo, Rogues are generally considered one of the
worst soloing classes, so you are wise to starting to group.

You are a pure melee class, so you primary job is the poke things until they
die.  Since your best attack is your backstab, you work best when there is
someone else who can keep the mobs attention, while you get behind it.  That
was the Warrior's job in the group you mention below.

Also, your role in the group will be to use your Rogue skills (hide and
sneak, in particular) when things have gone bad.  E.g., if the party dies in
a bad area, you are probably going to be the one who gets to go in and drag
the corpses out to a safer place.

You might also get scouting duties (e.g., going into the middle of a camp to
see how many mobs are in the tents).

Now let's look at the specific situation you found yourself in.

>   Anyway, I finally joined a small group the other night (lvl 18 warrior
>   and 14 cleric), and off we went to kill things. We ended up at one of
>   the Orc camps in the Commons, and it all went downhill from there. My
>   understanding, limited as it is, was that the cleric couldn't take much
>   damage and so needed to be protected while he kept the warrior and I
>   healthy.  We ended up getting slaughtered, at least the cleric and I
>   did, because the warrior was looting everything as soon as he killed it,
>   and I couldn't keep everything off of the cleric. I ended up just

It definitely sounds like the Warrior was not doing his job.  It sounds like
the group was fighting more than one Orc at a time.  In that case, the
Warrior needs to spread his attacks among all the Orcs, so they will all be
pissed off at him, so when the Cleric heals the Warrior, the Cleric won't
draw the monsters.

It works like this: each monster has a "hate list" that lists the players
(and, I suppose, other mobs, in the case of mobs that attack each other)
that the monster is currently pissed off at.  The order on the hate list
determines which player the monster attacks (except in special situations,
such as when the monster is rooted--in that case, for instance, it attacks
the nearest player on the hate list).  Each player on the hate list has a
score, that is changed by their actions, and the hate list is ordered by
this score.

Hurting the monster raises adds to your hate score.

Also, *helping* someone that is on the hate list raises your hate score, by
an amount that depends on how much you helped them.

Let's consider what this means in the case where you three are fighting a
single Orc.  Every time the Warrior swings at the Orc, the Warrior builds up
a little more hate.

Every time you backstab the Orc, you build up hate.  Some people say that
the amount of hate is based on what your attack *could* do, not what it
actually did, and so backstabs build up a lot of hate.

Anyway, this means that you should let the Warrior get a few swings in
first, before you start backstabbing, because you want the Warrior to stay
at the top of the hate list.

When the Cleric heals the Warrior or you, that adds to the Cleric's hate
value.  If your group started the fight with the Warrior low on health, so
the the Cleric needs to heal very early, that might be enough to get the Orc
to leave the Warrior and come beat on the Cleric, in fact.

Now, let's do two or three Orcs.  If the Warrior just picks one and sticks
with it, while three are beating on him, the chances are good that the
Cleric is going to have to heal the Warrior before the end of the fight.
What happens then?  Well, the Orc the Warrior is beating on is probably
pretty pissed off at the Warrior, so will stay on the Warrior.  But those
other two, that the Warrior hasn't touched, don't have much hate for the
Warrior.  As soon as the Cleric heals the Warrior, the Cleric goes to the
top of their hate lists, and they both run off and start attacking the
Cleric.

This is, as you noticed, a bad thing.  The Cleric at level 14 will be
healing the Warrior for about 90 points.  I don't think healing hate is one
to one with damage hate, so it is probably equivalent to 50 points, maybe,
of damage hate.  So, to get one of those Orcs of the Cleric, you'll have to
damage it for about 50, then do the same to the other one.  Then you've got
two Orcs on you, and if the Cleric heals you, they'll probably come right
back to the Cleric.

Not good at all.

To handle more than one Orc at a time, your group had two choices.  One is
the "take them one at a time" approach.  That involves having the Cleric use
root to keep all but one Orc stopped, and then the group fights the
remaining Orc normally.  Every time root wears off, the rooted Orcs will
come straight for the Cleric (rooting them adds to the Cleric's hate), so
the Cleric will need reroot them.  When one goes for the Cleric, you are the
Warrior can attack it, to try to get its attention long enough for the
Cleric to root it, and then go back to fighting the first Orc.  The Warrior
also has his "taunt" skill, which he should be using here.  Taunt basically
adds some hate to the Warrior on the hate list of the taunted mob, just
enough to put the Warrior at the top of the list.  The Warrior can hold back
taunting until he sees something go for the Cleric, and then use taunt to
turn it to him.

(You've also got your Evade skill, which is kind of an anti-taunt.  It
reduces the amount of hate you have).

The other approach is to take all the Orcs at once.  The Warrior needs to
cycle between all of them, doing damage to all, so that he has a high hate
value to all of them.  Once the Warrior has a high hate value everywhere,
you can start backstabbing one of the Orcs, and the Warrior can give that
one extra attention, too (so that there won't be any danger of you getting
on top of the hate list).  With the approach, all the Orcs will be hitting
the Warrior, so the Cleric will have to heal more.  If one of the Orcs heads
for the Cleric, the Warrior can taunt it.

Whether or not this will work depends on whether or not you and the Warrior
can kill the Orcs fast enough that the Cleric doesn't have to heal so much
that they come and beat the Cleric to death.

So, basically, you didn't do anything really wrong in the group.  The
problem seems to have been the Warrior.

--Tim Smith


