From 818810108037664818
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6e5316735ceef11b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-05-30 05:28:51 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.onemain.com!feed1.onemain.com!nntp1.onemain.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3B14E61F.717052C0@success.net>
From: Lance <emporer@success.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Ultimate Wizard fixes
References: <5cfaea13.0105180414.63e258a3@posting.google.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 90
Date: Wed, 30 May 2001 08:22:55 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.41.23.1
X-Complaints-To: abuse@onemain.com
X-Trace: nntp1.onemain.com 991225536 64.41.23.1 (Wed, 30 May 2001 08:25:36 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 30 May 2001 08:25:36 EDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:79627



Sean wrote:

> I think Wizards should be given a line of spells that lets them create
> no drop spell scrolls. The spell scrolls work like a potion, except
> they cast some variation of a wizard damage spell. The spell scroll
> creation spell should cost more mana than the equivalent DD spell. The
> spell scroll creation should probably also require some ingredients to
> create, rare inks, powdered gem dust, stuff like that.
>
> The end result is that the wizard can spend time preparing for a
> fight, creating spells scrolls, and storing their power. In essence
> this gives them access to a larger mana pool, without unbalancing the
> class. It also fits the image of the class. Imagine if a wizard could
> lay down the equivalent of 4 or 5 full bars of mana in one fight.
> That's the kind of destruction a wizard should be able to occasionally
> do. That would be a real reason to invite them to a group.
>
> Wizards should also get specialized spells. Spells optimized to attack
> specific types of target, that are inneffective against targets of the
> wrong type. Spells like ward undead, and ward summoned. Wizards get
> none of them, and they should get ALL of them. Along the same lines,
> wizards should get access to ALL of the various sense spells, i.e.
> sense animal, sense undead, etc. These spells are not unbalancing, and
> they fit the image of the wizard class as a seeker of knowledge.
>
> There need to be more wizard specific items in the game. How about
> some focus items for wizards? Maybe focus items that increase one
> ability at the expense of another. For example, a fire focus item that
> gives wizards an edge with fire based spells, but lowers their cold
> resistance, and possibly the damage on cold-based spells. Items like
> this would make the class more interesting to play. More choices and
> options=more fun.

The problem with wizards is that they only have one real job, and
although they are better at it than anyone else, they aren't all that
-much- better at it, and its a job that isn't often needed in a good
group.

They can blow the living -nerf- out of things when the -nerf- hits the
fan.

You don't want em blowing off a lot of nukage in a normal constant
pull fight situation, or they don't have the mana to do their job when
it -does- go baflooie.  But if they aren't blowing off nukage, then
what good are they?  Exp sucks, thats what they are.

A mage can do the "massive nuke in an emergency" job almost as
well, but in between SNAFU's is contributing with his pet to
-every- fight, and instead of spending the "I"ll med this back by the
next fight" mana on a single nuke (which doesn't quicken fights
by all that much) can put the best DS in the game on the main
sponge.

What the class needs is not so much more ability to do the
job they already do well (although I think they -should- get
just that, and love your idea of foci to do so) but something
that they can contribute to every normal fight that will help
kill things faster with less overall mana cost for the group.

Given that the defining abilities of the class revolve around
Direct damage and teleportation, I"m not getting a lot of ideas
for this ability.  Here's the best I have come up with so far:
shadowstep other.  Yep, push and invis someone a short distance
in order to yank their "about to die" asterisk out of the frying pan.

Unfortunately, this doesn't fit my definition of what is needed
very well, its not something that is needed or useful in every or even
most fights.

Whatever it is should come in at relatively low level (along the
lines of Breeze, not Call of Heros) and get better as you age
(again, the modle here is breeze/clarity/clarity 2, not CoH),
be usable every fight, not be unbalancing but yes be helpful.

Hmmm, I know what it is already.  Snare.  Wizards should
get single target snare instead of just AOE snare.  Their snare
capability is already the reason I invite them into groups, but
its AOE nature makes that useless in many situations.  It is
unfortunate that this ability is already in the posession of
necro, SK, druid, and ranger, but you could save the mana
of those other worthies, or make class combos more flexible.
For this to fit the bill it would have to come early, say by
10th level, where people start to group, not (with typical
verant logic) at 35th or so when you 'really' start playing.

Bergh
41 cleric, Morel Thule



