From 7945333651545836947
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2e4dcdf7b35e94b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-11 04:55:38 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: The New Ghoul Bane Quest
Date: Mon, 11 Jun 2001 07:53:42 -0400
Organization: Cheesy Goodness
Message-ID: <3B24B146.F57912A6@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 95
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:84180

Three guildmates and I set off yesterday to do the Ghoulbane quest (yes,
I know. I don't even *play* a paladin, but my partner has an alt who is
one) and I thought I would share a few "lessons learned" for those
considering doing this quest.
(NOTE:  This post is a TOTAL spoiler for the GB quest, so if you want to
figure it out yourself, move on to the next thread. <grin>)

First and foremost, the NPCs involved in this quest must be dealt with
by ONE PLAYER at a time ONLY.  Unlike many other quest NPCs, at the
completion of a given stage of the quest, the NPC will DISAPPEAR for
about five minutes.  Many quest NPC's, such as the Capt. in HK who you
give goblin ears to, can deal with multiple people turning in quest
items at once. However, with these guys, if your partner is doing the
quest at the same time as you, and she finishes first, the NPC will poof
with all your qeust items, and you have to start over. So, TAKE TURNS
dealing with them! (Yes we started over more than once. *sigh*)

Faction didn't seem to be an issue. My troll was dubious to the first
NPC in W.K and still got the note just fine.  To find him easily and
quickly, if you are porting into NK just follow the river into WK and
he's standing there under a tree just as you zone in.  The wording on
some of the [key text] is a little hazy so you may have to try different
combinations. And make sure that you have the NPC targeted for the whole
conversation. Made that frustrating mistake several times and it took a
while to get through the storyline.

Next NPC is the dorf who is fishing north of the city. Same drill, and
you wind up getting a medallion. Take turns on this guy and watch the
targetting and [key text].

The third NPC is up on a high rock in the lake outside of the entrance
to Unrest. If you don't have levitate, bring your spikes and mountain
climbing ropes. She takes the medallion and gives you a note for the NPC
in Lavastorm. Like the Dorf, she will also poof for five minutes after
each successful quest.

Take your note to the fourth NPC, again, one at a time. She's standing
just off to the left side where the canyon from Nek Forrest opens up
onto the lavafields. She gives you the bag to combine all your items for
the Ghoulbane.

The first item is the hilt. It's found on the new "a skeleton" on the
top Floor of Najena.  They were mostly blue with an occasional green to
my (then) level 35 warrior. About 1000 HP and they don't hit too hard. I
found that probably one in five dropped the hilt, so it shouldn't take
too long to get. There are three spawn spots for the skellies. The first
is in the very first chamber you come to upon zoning in and following
the tunnel. Spawns off to the left side, near two greater or large
skels. The next chamber you come to usually has an ogre guard sitting
there with a number of lower level skellies. If you go to the right you
come to a chamber with a tentacle terro, and  a small alcove beyond that
with a second TT. The second "a skeleton" spawns in that alcove.  If you
take the left turn at the ogre guard, you pass through three small
chambers before coming to the room where the entrance down to Traz and
Bonecracker is. The last "a skeleton" spawns in that third small chamber
on the way there.

The next item on our shopping list was the scroll. It drops off of the
new goblins in HighKeep.  Depending on the camping situation there, you
can find crazed goblins that spawn in the warrior room easily enough.
However, in the lookout room, (first smaller, formerly two spawn room to
the right as you enter guard room) there is a new spawn point in the
corner just to your right as you enter the room. It's on a seven minute
timer and produces either "a goblin" (new) or "a goblin thief" (also
new).  We were in there for three spawns. Got two goblins and one thief.
Both thieves dropped the scroll. We also picked up two from crazed gobs
that got pulled up from the war room.

Third item was the blade. This drops off of the new crazed goblins who
spawn near the graveyard in Butcherblock.  This place was camped like
crazy when we got there (as most of these new quest NPCs will be soon
until it get's nerfed).  The people camping it were after xp, though, so
we took a number, waited our turn, and the players let us all loot a
blade. They estimated that six or seven blades per hour were dropping
there, so not to hard to get either.

Last item was the Ghoul's Heart from Unrest.  I understand they spawn
all over the place, but getting them out with the yard trash is easiest.
Spawn points seemed to be random, but they were fairly plentiful. I
think we killed eight or nine crazed ghouls to get four hearts, so it
seemed a VERY common drop, but we may have just been lucky.

Combining them all in the bag at the end was no problem or trick, and we
all got the GB. Pretty sweet weapon for a young Paladin making his/her
way in the world :-)
--
Jakys Lv'Tyrr, the Mad Monk of Qeynos
Monk of 25 Seasons, Silent Fist
a.k.a.
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 36 Campaigns
- - - -
"Anything more than a metric buttload of mobs is a bardic pull."
Arolpin Lorespinner




