From 5680485448375973523
X-Google-Thread: fb739,75f74215a82faf44,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 01 Aug 2004 18:30:58 -0500
Date: Sun, 01 Aug 2004 19:30:54 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: MT's responsibility
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <5LmdnbePmoWv4JDcRVn-pA@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 83
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.255.115
X-Trace: sv3-N0cGfICVIeUtuqOOjxeH3rLRG2M9L/Uq+WryS2QeJcAp2XUz7EyvnwJMGP1i94bAuPXW1b7i6emSsxC!wtyqGyPOhsCkeLCLW0kY6mdD1Cp4csTaehPaakbsdp/h6CLyvN67Jo1CQ7Itcvr3WHnQRtxqSzKD
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.13
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11993

So I'm in an LDoN group thats generally going fairly well; I was invited 
within seconds of putting LFG up, I asked if I was to be MT, told yes, I 
got a fresh Virtue and ran right over.  As DPS I'd not have bothered, 
there was a cleric in group and temp is plenty of hp for normal use; but 
Berserker isn't really designed as MT and I figure I might need the help.

We buff up and go in, its two necromancers, a bard, an enchanter, a 
cleric, and me.

Things go fairly well; the bard pulls, I assist him when he gives his 
incoming target, hit my own "my target is -{ %t }-" key, then stun, 
frenzy, attack, disarm, repeat till mob dies.  If he's brought in more 
than one target, I move to another one, hit my "my target is" button 
again, and wait for stun button to come up before going into my cycle; I 
stun the mob before breaking mez so I have 4 seconds plus the annoyance 
of having stunned to help me gain aggro over the chanter or cleric who 
probably have it.

This usually works, and we go thru an entire LDoN doing this; on 
occaision pets are sent at other mobs, but when those mobs are mezzed 
they come off them, so no problem.

A few times I end up stunning an incoming caster who isn't yet in our 
pull to room of the moment, and there's some confusion, especially if 
there's another mob of the same name, the chanter doesn't know what to 
mez (here I miss my Delegate Main Assist leadership ability, my personal 
pet enchanter always knows which mob I have targetted, but someone else 
is working on leadership points and doesn't have that one) and the bard 
ends up meleeing something that did come in the room.  The pets almost 
always attack my designated target, which means they run out of the room 
and lock it down in place out where I stunned it, and when I figure out 
whats happened I have to run out and engage.

Thats my fault though, for not watching to make sure mob is in room 
before stunning, something thats easy to do since it will have a blue or 
white ring at its feet (or red, yellow, cyan or green, but on this 
particular mission, blue or rarely white is all we saw)

At any rate, we successfully run thru this mission and elect to get 
another instead of running out the 30 minute clock.

We go back in, happily run thru another half hour, when things start to 
get messy.  The bard keeps breaking mezzes, or else I keep breaking 
mezzes, mezzes on my original target, not on the adds where I break 
after my "next target" announcement.  Sometimes I break mez on my target 
two or three times in a row.

Enchanter starts to get peevish, which I think is natural.  Mez costs 
mana and attention and risk, broken mezzes are the bane of their existance.

So up to here I'm still good with what's going on.

But then it gets, to me, weird.  He tells me to stop breaking mezzes.

Thats my JOB, says I.  I'm MT, I pick the target, I kill the target, you 
mez everything else and nobody but me breaks mez; if I wasn't MT I'd 
feel bad about breaking mez, but I don't feel at all bad about it when I 
-am- the MT.

I add that I'm completely ignoring him and just assuming he's doing his 
job right, I'm not reading the mezzed messages (he's not announcing 
them, but I can see some Entranced messages off mobs near me); he asks 
me to not kill mobs that are not moving.  Heck, says I, nothing I attack 
is moving, cause I stun on break!  Which of course isn't really the 
case, as I -could- check to see if its moving before stunning.

IMO, if the chanter has mezzed something I've called as my target, as 
MT, then he's made an error, unless he's using an AE mez, in which case 
I'm basically supposed to break mez on my target.

There's a little joking around about this, but things quiet down 
afterwards, and mez breakage rate goes back down to where it was on the 
last run, still happens from time to time but its not bad.  Pulls are 
fast enough, and there's no med break, so I never get to discuss it any 
further with the chanter, and we log immediately after, so I never did 
get to chat about it in calmer weather.

I admit that I'm not nearly as experienced at the MT job as I am at, oh, 
say, mezzer (57 bard, 30 chanter) or cleric or mage or shaman... but I 
have seen the way this seems to work for others for five years...

Grage, 48 berzerk, Luclin



