From -96347582027273735
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c0105226c05dd23a
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-28 14:43:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!hekyl.ab.tac.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "James" <jamesgrahame@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <9mfh1t0q63@drn.newsguy.com> <zGNi7.128526$VV1.9321568@bin1.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com> <v6Pi7.26973$4b5.711693@news6.giganews.com> <9RPi7.87632$2d6.16742567@typhoon.tampabay.rr.com>
Subject: Re: Trivial Loot Code
Lines: 239
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 4.72.3110.1
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Message-ID: <peUi7.1172$JH4.199035@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Tue, 28 Aug 2001 21:41:41 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.72.152
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 999034901 216.232.72.152 (Tue, 28 Aug 2001 15:41:41 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 28 Aug 2001 15:41:41 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:112645


Wolfie wrote:
>"Joe D" <joed@cws.org> wrote:
>>
>> I think he's saying it's a bad idea because there isn't a lot of
>high-level
>> farming of low-level zones going on.
>>
>> It's a solution to a problem that doesn't exist.
>
>The problem is that there's only so many ways to encourage
>players to move to other zones.

    This cannot be done. In a game based around grouping, people will go
where they can get a group, or quickly relocate to another place where a
group can be obtained. Zone geometry, the port system, and the binding
requirements of melees prevent the sort of freedom of movement you want.

>VI tries the experience factor by adding zone bonuses, but that
>doesn't do anything about the risk of dying, especially in the
>dungeons that are underutilized.

    They also don't factor in that players can't get XP if they cannot get a
group, by and large. Players know that - why isn't Kaesora packed? Awesome
XP is available there, and the drops are really top-notch for the level.
There's even a bind point right outside! But... if nobody's in there, you're
stranded way the hell away from anything else. You've WASTED your play time
on running around instead of doing the things you WANT to do - gain XP and
loot. So nobody goes there, because they don't want to be stranded.

    The one serious way VI tries to move people using experience is by
greening mobs out. And that, in general, works well - except where items are
introduced....

>That leaves the item carrot,
>but if they do that, higher-levels effectively remove the motivation.

    Higher levels don't require a group. That's the big difference. If I
travel to Kaesora, and nobody's there, there's several item camps I can take
without needing anyone else. I don't get XP, but I do get some reward
(items) for being there. I can plan ahead as to what I want to do with my
gaming time.

    If you want to get flowthrough of high levels in an item camp, the two
surefire ways are:

(A) Make the item No Drop, which will deter many from going. No Drop items
create economy problems, though - they negate it. So not a good general
solution.

(B) Make the item drop frequently, so it has no intrinsic value other than
play value. Orc Fang earrings are a good example there - we're talking about
an earring that is amazing for a mid level melee, but it costs 50 pp or less
because they drop frequently. People don't farm stuff for sale when they can
make better money elsewhere. But because Verant is concerned about players
having "unique, cool" gear, this is not likely to happen.

>I didn't try the new Runnyeye, for instance, because a simple /who
>in zone the first week showed quite a few 40s and 50s in zone.
>Why fight my way in - at risk of death - just to see a 58th druid
>camping the item I went there to get?

    Funny you'd use that as an example, given how many of the drops in
Runnyeye are random rare drops, which cannot be "camped" to exclusion
generally. ;-)

>> The only consistently farmed camp I can think of is the ancient crocodile
>in
>> Upper Guk, and that's because there aren't any other +INT sleeves
>attainable
>> in the game before level 45 or so.
>>
>> It doesn't harm the level-appropriate players at all.

    Because the item is useful and appropriate to someone pre-45, I would
claim that one of two things is wrong:

(1) The item has been placed on a mob too low for the power of the item.
Raise the level of the AC above 31, to properly reflect the value of the
drops.
(2) VI has completely and utterly dropped the ball on placing lower-level
alternatives in other places. No other INT sleeves in game before level 45?
HUH? Where are the 1 INT, 2 INT, 3 INT sleeves that SHOULD be in game
instead of some of the garbage that IS out there?

    That's one of the BEST solutions. Make a series of intermediate items to
cover gaps in the gear progression, like 1 INT sleeves or 2 WIS pants. Have
them be random rare drops in one or two of the more appropriate-level
dungeons. Then they can't be camped to exclusion, they can be traded with
folks who went through levels elsewhere and got other random rare drops
(like 1 STR 5 HP sleeves with ringmail AC for tanks, say), and people will
be MUCH less likely to camp things like the AC when it's green if all
they'll get out of it is a 1 INT boost.

>> But it does penalize me and other high-level players for getting to said
>> high level, especially when they add the "feature" long after the level
>> was
>> attained.
>
>Would you agree a group of level ones should be able to take
>down Sleeper's Tomb?

    I agree that someday that group of level ones, if they put in the time,
will be able to go to Sleeper's Tomb.

>Level-appropriate content is aimed
>at the appropriate levels, surprisingly enough.   A 60th level
>warrior has a much business in Unrest, for instance, as a 20th
>level warrior has in Sleepers.

    Funny. A 50th level paladin should be in Unrest according to VI - one of
his quest spell drops is there. A level 59 cleric should be there according
to VI - that was my level when I got the pieces for my Disciple's Symbol of
Brell Serilis from mobs on the first floor.

>I suspect VI cares as much for
>50's saying they can't hunt the Warrens as they do for 10's
>saying they can't hunt Cobalt Scar.

    Which is to their detriment, as they're not only alienating people they
should be keeping happy, but they're not listening to any of the root causes
of this discontent.

>More appropriately:  would you whine to McDonalds about not being
>able to play in the playground if they built it after you were too old?

    I would if McDonald's put game pieces for the latest "Win a Million
Dollars" game in the playground.

>> Now let me ask you: how does this HELP the level-appropriate players,
>> given that there is negligable high-level camping going on?
>
>That assumption doesn't seem to be true, at least in my experience.

    In my experience there are very few farms where (1) there WOULD be a
lower level group there if it weren't camped, and (2) the item is not
superior to any other item that person could get with the same effort
expended.

>Items which can be sold for a decent pp/hr are farmed, and almost
>always by people too high to be getting experience.

    Then put in alternatives. INT 4 sleeves are only valuable because of a
lack of alternatives - if INT 2 MANA 10 sleeves dropped off of Drelzna in
Najena, or off some_random_mob in Stonebrunt, with enough frequency that
people that levelled there would get a pair, then people won't pay through
the nose for Gatorscale. The other alternative is to admit that Gator
Sleeves were placed on too low a mob and move them to somewhere more
appropriate (replace Serp Bracers - those are junk) - but the farmers would
really cry then. ;-) But don't blame the players for finding the highest
reward/lowest risk areas in game, then make some massive changes to all
future content to try and correct the problem - it won't work.

>But, again, if VI wants to encourage lower-levels to use a zone (which
>is a "good thing"), they've only got limited ways to do that.   And, of
>those ways, making the loot desirable is the best way to do that.

    Now if only they knew how to design loot that IS level-appropriate. *If
every zone had items drop in it that players knew were tradeable for items
they could use and that were level appropriate, players would spread
themselves out because no one zone would be better than another!*

>The Trivial Loot Code just allows VI to use that method without
>knowing that higher-levels will simply move in.

    No, it allows them to place massive carrots in zones and annoy the
higher-levels. My favourite example, again: how should a higher-level feel
about not being able to get the three INT back slot item from The Warrens,
when NOTHING is available as an alternative until they hit Sol A/Crystal
Caverns levels?

>Just to be clear:  we're not talking about quest items, just normal
>loot.   As far as I'm concerned, it should be applied across the
>board.   So what if that 56th druid I saw quad-kiting kodiaks in WC
>can't get her own bear pelts?

    It means people leave EQ, that's so what - although common pelts
wouldn't be affected by Warrens code anyways. Players are upset enough at
the obstacles placed in front of them that prevent them from even playing -
the requirement for a group. Even as a cleric, I spend 15 to 20 minutes at
the start of each play session looking for a group. And if I can't find one
then it's time to camp to an alt, because I cannot rely on other players
being available to help me get to another zone where I might find a group -
and travel without ports is boring and far, far too long. *I want to improve
my characters, and any time spent NOT doing that feels wasted and frustrates
me.*

    Now, imagine the theoretical pelts situation. As a 56th druid, now, I
have to find players that COULD loot the pelts that want to hunt them. The
only way I can influence their decision is to offer plat well in excess of
anything the player could otherwise get (using loot to get players to move),
and that only works if the pelts have value to many folks so the value of a
pelt is well-known. So now what could have taken a few minutes of time
(quadding the bears) takes a great deal more time (raising the cash in Rathe
Mountains, then finding a seller), AND depends on other people doing
something I need to have done. This is the OPPOSITE of flowthrough - it's
requiring a character to spend MORE time on a task than before.

>It's a good way to encourage a
>player economy that has some flow from lower-levels to the
>higher-levels, instead of being almost always the other way.

    This makes no sense. The economy is based on trade of useful items. If
those lower levels are part of it, then they have something useful - in most
cases, cash. It's also optimally efficient - having a farmer camp something
in Sol A as opposed to a group means less man-hours spent per item, and this
will be reflected in the price. It also means the group can go someplace
else and do XP in the most efficient way possible, knowing that they can
still get the items they want because someone is collecting them and because
they're getting cash for trade as they get XP.

    Look at Warrens-world. Players scramble from item camp to item camp,
hoping to get what they feel they need before it's Warrensed out of reach.
This means they aren't getting XP as efficiently as possible, by definition,
so they level slower. Furthermore, because level-appropriate camps generally
require more people than green camps, the number of items being camped is
lowered. So the number of items coming into the world per unit time is
lowered. So items raise in value as they get rarer. So cash is devalued. NOW
you have the exact opposite effect as before - everyone has left all the
loot-poor areas like Lake of Ill Omen because they can no longer hunt there
and equip themselves.

    Basically, the system needs a complete overhaul. ;-) The designers have
to decide what armour options a character should have from mob-looted items
at every level, what range of weapons, what amount of plat assuming
six-person groups, and then adjust ALL drops and drop tables to match. If an
item is available off a "normal opponent" at level X, there had better not
be a better item off a mob level X-Y. If an item of a given class is made
available, then by the time that mob goes green a better item of the same
class MUST be available. Then, once all that has been adjusted, start
modifying tradeskill items based off of target market and assumed level to
be able to craft such items. Finally, set vendor prices on item drops such
that REASONABLE prices can be obtained by sale to vendors. THEN you could
justify the Warrens Code.

    James





