From 7356841005936749877
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f06f4cfee42d01bb,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news2.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 10 Aug 2007 06:21:41 -0500
Date: Fri, 10 Aug 2007 07:21:29 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.12 (Windows/20070509)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Voice
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <yd2dnfDuJajY1yHbnZ2dnUVZ_hynnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 118
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.60.193
X-Trace: sv3-yDg0NT5Ibm6yxl910tnE3jpG/fStBQpORamPOQiTxy5vOSy64fdIvHSm30TADIkea9RPclJ9BuAFU8p!nBv7Ocs0udz+069DFZcudV3PuDl9YaRRJH6jVi+CDsPN9BxI74Sx8u6NXlWxhRFcu8Y7J33HgrQf!0AAfNmvM0GM=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.35
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:692

So last year, while playing on Combine where some of these zones were 
still the bigger content open, I gradually accumulated various pieces of 
the 1.5 epic, because they'd drop and, well, we knew eventually they'd 
come in handy, since we know the later expansions will open and what 
they contain.

I also got cajolled into getting the 1.0 epic, because it was a mark of 
pride for the guild to get as many of those epics as possible.  I was 
surprised to find that I ended up using it a fair amount, because I 
could bash with it equipped, and its lifetap over time proc actually 
helped out in AE/DS mobs or offtanking.  It was by no means my best DPS 
but SK usually isn't about DPS anyway.

So, I got back a while ago, and the expansion with the 1.5 was open. 
But we weren't working on them as a guild, trying to stick mostly with 
content in order, and we were just finishing up with Vex Thal, several 
expansions away.

I didn't pay much attention, occaisionally there were some people doing 
the odd epic camp, and sometimes I helped, but for the most part I 
figured they were just getting the easy stuff out of the way.  Then one 
day a fellow SK shows up with his epic in hand.  Whoa, and its nice too...

Gradually more of the guild was doing these camps.  I went thru PON 
tunnels and picked up my last junk drop, off the nightmares on the plateau.

Someone spawned the breeder in RCoD and I came along with most of the 
guildmates online for the kill, I was allowed to roll for the egg, which 
I thought was wrong.  Luckily I lost so no moral quandry.

Later, I helped camp the guy, which took a couple hours, and rolled 
against the other SK also camping it, he won, but at least I felt I 
deserved to roll.... and that the other SK who came to help for the kill 
was treated fairly when she wasn't told to roll.  Its the camping that 
takes real effort.

Mostly, time went by.  People weren't that interested in camping the 
Breeder, or else there'd be a group with 3 SK in it, and I wasn't a fan 
of the odds nor thinking I'd be any actual help, what they needed was a 
healer, slower and for gods sake a DPS!

Last Saturday, though, the perfect storm hit, I found some friends on 
who were all free and willing to help, and a good chunk of the guild was 
on for when I needed a raid force, and we didn't have a raid scheduled. 
  Popping the breeder and then being unable to kill it is one of the 
things that had stopped me trying earlier.

We settled in for a long camp, and it took about 2 hours, but eventually 
the breeder spawned.  Called in a couple more groups, then had a monk 
pull the breeder out and run it around to spawn all its spawns, with a 
ranger watching on track and counting.  Then we pulled the breeder up to 
our cubby and killed it with overwhelming force.

Now we left a group at the breeder spawn with another SK, and a second 
group went with me, while the third group worth of people split up and 
went back to what they were doing.

My group let me do my hand ins in POK, then we went to Valor and killed 
Fraga.  Back to POK, more hand ins, and off to PONightmares to kill the 
Wailing Sister.  POK again, where I briefly get the sheathed Voice, only 
to hand it in and get no visible flag or item in return.

Now its a matter of running around Norrath, where I kill a gnome in 
Iceclad, just me and a fellow SK take it out while waiting for the rest 
of the group show up, he was easily soloable, since I kept him snared 
and feared most of the time.  Off to SONH to kill a troll, now I needed 
my group.  Then to TD, where fooled by how easy the other two hits had 
been, we had a small disaster, the cleric LD'd, then the enchanter died 
while landing a slow, then the druid evacced... which was sad because 
slowed I'm pretty sure we could have taken him out.  Ended up taking too 
long to get back to him and he despawned, so I had to skip him for a 
couple hours.

Went to OOT for the fourth SK, though, and this ended up being the 
biggest challenge of the day.  The transporter gnomes have been removed, 
you have to take the boat.  I've been zoning slowly, particularly into 
the revamped zones... when I finally zoned in, the boat was long gone, m 
friends were all sitting at the camp.  No problem, with levi and a 
horse, I'd be there in seconds... I hit a wall.  Turns out there's an 
invisible wall all the way around the outside of the zone, and I've 
zoned in on the outside of it.  Goes from as high as I started, all the 
way down to the ocean floor.  I can see one of the islands, but I can't 
move twoards it.  No problem we've got a druid, she comes over near me 
and evvacs.. and doesn't take me with.  Wizard comes over and tries to 
TL me, says he can't target me.  I try logging out hoping that logging 
back in will put me in the succor spot... take forever to log back in, 
when I do I find one of the group had petitioned, and a GM showed up but 
I wasn't logged on at the time!  I tried to petition myself, and it 
crashed me out.  By the time I could finally get back in, the group had 
moved on to someone else's kill, which was a good idea.  We eventually 
logged in a guild COTH bot and had him zone in and COTH me, luckily this 
worked.  Group came back after their other kill, and we took out this SK 
using a new plan of me kiting him around till slow landed.

Back to TD, where we used the same plan on the now respawned Iksar SK, 
smooth as silk.

Then more hand ins, and off to Kithicor.  There, I spawned 6 paladins, 
and we struggled thru them, a few deaths and changes of plan, but 
eventually we ended up treating it like a General fight, having one 
person kite most of the mobs while we peeled one and brought it to the 
Rivervale zoneline for slaughter.  Only got two blood drops from the 
initial 6, but 6 more were spawnable right away, and I got the third one 
I needed.

We then went off and worked on some other people's epic drops, having 
done all the one groupable stuff.

A few days later, on raid night, I got the first target; off to WW to 
kill a paladin.  I did a high speed drive by hail on my pony, so I 
didn't get one rounded.  The warrior got aggro, I was Ramp, we got him 
slowed and tore him apart long before the warrior's disc ran out.

So, look at it one way I'd been working on it since September when I got 
my first epic 1.0 drop, but look at it another way, it took a days' 
effort, and half that time was spent dealing with the zone line issue in OOT

Archfiend Berg, Combine


