From -8972672812355832581
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f651017e5f294d5b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 12 Jul 2004 04:54:50 -0500
Date: Mon, 12 Jul 2004 05:54:48 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: What is a berserker?
References: <I4SdnbVyrdHIfnbdRVn-sQ@dejazzd.com> <tvqdnXEsZ-fU3HHdRVn-ig@dejazzd.com> <F72dnWb96_adGXHdRVn-hQ@dejazzd.com> <QdSdndwDTozJSXHdRVn_iw@dejazzd.com> <AcSdnaFSMORfiXPd4p2dnA@dejazzd.com> <DbSdneaokbT7FGzdRVn-hw@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <DbSdneaokbT7FGzdRVn-hw@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <XumdnY1iOpB3wm_dRVn-uA@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 112
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.130
X-Trace: sv3-0PsodLwojkv7vsOL/jsTyOuMVTlVd5BNwpUY1HyXs4VtPHktpl9Ii8gjh3crCYiudKBk9yetSjUbeLZ!vPREqbxfICffzj9EyHEWoZOoRmlD9tGZa3B7sMLuX9+CkZQpKeFh5RyP5VgkERa0f5uWb8mGKmeV
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:9373



Lance Berg wrote:


>> I've had some weird results with the axe for snare thing; I -think- I 
>> actually have to have the axe summoned with the level 5 trick, and 
>> that the ones summoned with the level 10 trick don't work.  But then 
>> recently I was doing something and I think maybe it did work.  Still 
>> have to play with it some to figure out whats going on.
>>
Something funny is going on with throwing and using the snare ability. 
I have gotten "you can't see your target" in cases where I was facing 
away and trying to throw an axe (ready to run to the group), and turned 
in place to face the target, which worked.  Yet many times I've had a 
mob decide to run, used the snare, and landed it even though the mob was 
out of sight behind me.

> As pointed out elsewhere in the thread, I can load my "good axe" for 
> thowing, and have Blunt Axes in inventory (not even in ammo) to use for 
> my snare and my stun.  There's little point in actually doing so, as the 
> range on all the axes right up to my current Mithril Axe has been 125, 
> and the little bit of damage I do from throwing is beneath even my 
> untwinked notice (well, untwinked if you don't count spending money I 
> earned  with this character in the bazaar), but I do it anyway, I 
> suppose to develop good habits.  I make a point of keeping a couple 
> stacks of the blunt axes, though, and checking occaisionally to make 
> sure I have plenty; they get used a lot in some circumstances:
> 

Did a couple LDoN last night, and quickly discarded the two axes plan; I 
had only a limited amount of components left on me, and there was no way 
I could see using any up to make axes which couldn't stun or snare, when 
the axes which can are also usable to pull with pure throwing.

I stayed in PC thru 21 and 22, in a group sharing B1, then moving over 
and taking all of B2, which was amazingly empty with 33 people in the 
zone.

At 23, I got into an LDoN group.  First group was taken over by a 
beastlord who was a bit of a jerk; he insisted on being made leader, so 
he could get the leadership points, then when we reached the entrance to 
the mission he zoned right in, costing us our buff time; when we 
commented he said he knew.  He constantly pulled when told we weren't 
ready, generally pushed the envelope hard the whole time, which isn't 
necessarily a bad thing... but given the relative lack of experience and 
skill in the group, and the fact that we were never buffed up, this was 
both unpleasant and inefficient; at no time were we operating anywhere 
near our potential best.  Finished the mission with about 5 minutes to 
spare, then had some more drama as we had to chase him down in order to 
get the loot (he'd declared himself ML) split.  17pp apiece, which is a 
sad thing but quite believable, it was more the principle of the thing 
that irked us.  Course he said he'd only disbanded in order to kill a 
mammoth.

Losing him (I just said "OK, thanks for the adventure," and then 
disbanded him instead of the group), we also lost a couple of the 
others, got replacements, and went in again.  We still did the run 
mostly unbuffed, because at our level buff durations are fleeting and 
without the crutches of KEI and SD and mana regen items, mana was at a 
premium.  But we figured out who the MA was and kept him high in HP and 
AC, figured out who the melee were and kept them all in haste, figured 
out who the casters were and kept them all in breeze.  Those of us with 
some experience, either in playing a given class or in the game in 
general, spent a lot of time working with the people who were either new 
to the game or just to their class (well we were all new to our 
classes).  We finished our run with a half hour to spare (not bad on a 
60 assasination) and stayed out the bonus half hour killing almost every 
remaining mob in the place, including a named that dropped an AC 4 30 hp 
ring with a couple stats on it (nothing to complain about at our level, 
would have been quite an upgrade over my 5 hp limestones), split at the 
end, and broke up happy.

The difference between the two runs couldn't have been much more marked; 
  even though both consisted of a bunch of low 20s, half of whom hadn't 
played EQ at that level before and with little twinkage in the whole 
group (other than that first leader, who was kitted out in style and 
sporting Temp and HOS, possibly one reason he didn't want to bother 
waiting for buffs).  The first group was a miserable chore being polite 
to an ignorant bulling ass, and everyone stayed quiet and just soldiered 
along as best we could.  Second group was almost a party, jokes flying 
back and forth, trying out different tactics, trying hard to get the 
novice enchanter up to speed on what to mez and how to survive her job.

Anyway, thread's about Berzerker, so here's what I learned.  Snare 
ability in a place like this is very handy, as there's plenty of trouble 
for wandering mobs to go get into.  Stun helps too, (we were in a 
Miragul run both times) against casters as an interrupt, but also melee 
mobs where it could keep a mob off the chanter long enough for her to 
get a mez out, or "slow" a mob (stopping it from hitting for a few 
seconds) enough to let a heal land on the tank.  Trouble is, both are on 
the same 12 second reuse timer, so I couldn't snare or stun multiple 
mobs in order to help the chanter gain control, and if I stunned a mob, 
say to stop a spell, I then often found he became a runner before I had 
snare back.  Also, while the instant nature of the axe stun meant I 
could interrupt even wizard mobs casting their fast nukes, I then 
couldnt interrupt the -next- thing they'd try to cast, because my button 
hadn't ungreyed yet.

On the damage front, I was doing great with my 19pp 22/40 sword, on a 
couple occaisions I off tanked a mob to death before the rest of the 
party finished off their target.  On the other hand, I could already see 
that I was taking damage noticably faster than the paladin MT, a 
situation I'm sure will only get worse as I level.

Hit 24 inside the second LDoN, so I didn't train till after getting 
back, I now have Divisive Strike but don't know what that is or how it 
works, really... description makes it sound like a DOT, name makes it 
sound like a jolt, which I've heard someone say that BER get.

Grage, 24 Berzerk, Luclin



