From -6243748869578475930
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ce05e6fcbe6b50cb
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-30 16:58:32 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!newsfeed2.telusplanet.net!newsfeed.telus.net!edtnps84.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahamenospammela@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <bsstvn02o71@enews2.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: Attitude versus Skill
Lines: 163
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <XapIb.49203$6b2.29929@edtnps84>
Date: Wed, 31 Dec 2003 00:58:31 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: edtnps84 1072832311 216.232.78.121 (Tue, 30 Dec 2003 17:58:31 MST) 
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 30 Dec 2003 17:58:31 MST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13727


"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:bsstvn02o71@enews2.newsguy.com...
>
> I belong to a serious full-time raiding guild.  We're the number two guild
> on the server, trying to progress beyond Phase 4 of Time.

    I gave you a hint in another thread that will take you past Tallon Zek.
Put it to use! ;-)

> When I joined my current guild, I had a bit of culture shock.  The guild
> leaders are very knowledgeable, knew a lot about EQ and all the classes,
and
> knew how to organize raids.  But they aren't strong on people skills.
> Ridicule is a commonly-used motivational tool - for example, a rogue
officer
> had a hotkey for when he didn't have consent to drag a corpse that was
quite
> offensive.  When I called him on it, he said it was the only way to make
> sure people consented, that saying things politely didn't work.

    Remember his audience. The same thing happens in my guild with rogue
consents. People didn't respond to suggestions as to how to handle it,
including simply making a hotkey or two with a consent for all the rogues in
it, so the rogues blew up at everyone and brought things to a head.

> As we
> approached the Abriter, several of the clerics mentioned that it would be
a
> good idea to get GoD.  Funny thing was, no one actually sent a tell to a
> chanter.  Then the guild officers told the pullers to pull the Arbiter
> because we were running out of time - without first asking the clerics if
we
> were ready.  The clerics got AE'd and eventually ran out of mana.

    BZZZT - stop right there. The clerics were in a position to be AE'd? Bad
positioning. You can do the fight without any clerics ever being touched by
the AE, and it's actually the best way to run the fight. Otherwise, even
with 500 MR, clerics will eventually get hit and die/be rendered useless.

> My guildleader went nuts.  And I mean, he went really really nuts.  He
> screamed at the clerics in guildchat, telling one of our nicest and most
> senior clerics to "ST*U" and ranting and raving for several minutes - we
> should have had GoD, we should have been ready, we shouldn't have wasted
> several hours worth of effort.  I came very close to guildremoving on the
> spot.  All the rest of the clerics logged in disgust and it was left to me
> and a couple of bot clerics to rez the corpses as they popped.
>
> Afterwards, I made a post in the guild forums saying that the guildleader
> was violating the guild charter which specifically said that going spastic
> in guildchat was not allowed.  The guildleader apologized for the "ST*U"
> comment but was unrepenetant about the rest of his rant, pointing to the
> beginning of the guild charter that said that the guild was a benevolant
> dictatorship - which, I guess, means he can act however he wants to act
> because he's the guildleader.  That's not an attitude I find encouraging.

    Benevolent dictatorship doesn't give the GL the right to be stupid. And
he was stupid - he pulled without asking "is healing ready", one of the two
questions you always ask before a big fight (other being "are tanks ready").
Ranting and raving to cover his failure is just weak. The clerics share
responsibility, don't get me wrong - if you know you need GoD, ask for it.
Worst thing that can happen is it gets cast on you multiple times, oh no!
But leadership has to make sure everyone important to success is ready.

> It's all come to a boil just today.  One of the people in guild got
trained
> in LGuk.  So he counter-trained.  He got flamed on our public boards, and
> people on our private boards came to his defense.  He's a very skilled
> person who really contributes a lot to the guild - like, for example, he
> helped someone get a complete set of Heraldic armor for basically nothing.
> He does lots of nice stuff like that, he's very generous.  But he's also
> very arrogant and will often put other people down publicly if he thinks
> they do something stupid or if the thinks they're unskilled.  In a
nutshell,
> he's very skilled and if you're his friend he will give you the shirt off
> his back, but he's also very arrogant and hard to get along with.
>
> What amazed me, though, is how many people in the thread on our private
> board said that we shouldn't criticize his behavior because of his skill.
> He does a lot for the guild, who cares what happens down in LGuk?

    I can't agree with that at all. Reputation is important. If this person
is an ass, and the guild defends him, then the guild looks like a guild of
asses. "They condoned it when he did it, so they must all be capable of it!"
I've worked hard for my reputation, I won't give it away so one of the 72
people in the raid can be more skilled at his task.

    Having said that, recognize that you don't have control over
recruitment. A GL is under tremendous pressure to get results, and they will
recruit people like this as long as these people aren't dysfunctional enough
to cause the guild problems. No matter the server or the guild, this
happens. The best you can do is try and encourage the guild to guild people
who are good citizens of Norrath.

    Not criticize his behaviour? Hmm. At the very least, I wouldn't go
charging to his defense. What he did is wrong. If you're careful with your
wording, you can let everyone with half a brain know how you feel about the
matter without openly slamming someone. I wish it was still there, but on
the Quellious flame boards there was a case where a guildmate of mine went
and killed Gorenaire when a raid was assembling for him. My guildmate had
been well-known for rushing Kunark dragons before he joined us, and this
looked like more of the same. My response didn't defend him, didn't condemn
him, but as a later poster noted, "It's obvious Delores doesn't approve of
what he did."

> So, here's my question for y'all, especially those of you in high-end
> raiding guilds:  what standards of behavior do you hold your guildmembers
> to?  Are skilled players so rare that you extend them a little leeway?
How
> much leeway do you give them?

    My guildleader is a pragmatist. Until the heat from someone's behaviour
impacts the guild or perceptions of the guild, he lets it slide. Take the
dragon killer, for example. From what I gather he was taken aside privately
and told not to trample a raid again, ever, and the items that dropped were
matched with items from our guild bank to the guild that was overrun. Our GL
doesn't do this because he's filled with love, he does it because the people
in the trampled guild could all end up as potential recruits someday. Better
they like us than hate us when the time comes for them to pick a top-end
guild. So I'd say the rule is "as long as it's quiet, and doesn't affect the
guild, knock yourself out".

> Lately, it seems as if we've been sacrificing consideration for skill.
Who
> cares about attitude if they can play their class well, that kinda stuff.
> Our officers have been setting poor examples, using derision (often with
the
> guildmotd) to get people to do things.  There's no one with good "people
> skills" in a position of leadership, which discourages me.

    Derision as motivation in a guild is kinda pointless. Think about it -
"you guys suck that you can't execute our plan and beat Tallon Zek!" Is it
possible that, gasp, THE PLAN SUCKS? Never mind the fact that "you guys"
includes the officers. I'm not saying that officers should be relentlessly
upbeat. A simple, sarcastic "nice push" is a good reminder when your guild
does something like this: http://www.lotuscult.org/news/getArticle.php?id=27
(I wish we had a screenshot of a recent Fennin Ro kill, BTW. We almost
killed Fennin on top of his throne room, and we did kill the phoenix
Chancellor at the very top of the tunnel leading to the bridge. There was
nothing supporting him - I have no idea how we did it.) But relentlessly
browbeating folks just makes them want to move on or stop logging on.

> I made a half-humorous, half-serious inquiry into James Grahame's guild
> asking if they take cross-server apps.

    We do, BTW, although we are rigorous when it comes to character. I've
heard about some of the hooligans in your guild!!!

> Besides, I've got some
> very serious loot karma built up - I haven't gone in on anything since
> October - and I'd hate to lose that.  =)

    I've gone nuts since we made phase five in Time. I'd been saving up for
a while before that, and I've just let loose now that we're here. Three
phase five items in the past month, all of them guild firsts. There's only
two or three items left in Time that I'd consider looting before considering
myself "done", though. Got the Inny neck, Cazic ear, and Bert ring, just
need that Rallos BP, Quarm shoulder, and as a fun toy, a Hammer of Holy
Vengeance. ;-)

    James




