From 1886474045170617347
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,456003ee3a8f4e7b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!newsfeed3.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!easynews-local!news.easynews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Anomsuth & Fince <dswanner@prodigy.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: * Once Upon A Time...
Message-ID: <ol1qc0pcfi2jrjecjga7gk9np6na080vm1@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.93/32.576 English (American)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 85
X-Complaints-To: abuse@easynews.com
Organization: EasyNews, UseNet made Easy!
X-Complaints-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
Date: Mon, 14 Jun 2004 02:21:28 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6119

(The following is a (cough) fairy tale based on occurrances that might
have happened and any similarity between the people involved and the
actual incidents is purely coincidental.  This story is brought to you
by Rising Legacy & Solusek Ro. Don't fumble with fire.  It could fall
in your lap.  Sssssssssssss
_____________________________

Once upon a time in a small Oklahoma city far far away, there was a
Vice President at First American Bank and Trust Co. named (cough and
then looks up and around) The Old Druid who plead guilty to making a
false statement on a signed loan application.  He couldn't mediate a
resolution in regard to a problem with a house he bought and sued here
and sued there, sued everywhere until he sued so much that he finally
got caught for his own illegal action.  This didn't settle well with
his employer.  He then either lost his job over it or was forced to
resign to spare the bank any further embarrassment. 

"Oh....what am I going to do now?" he cried, "I only have a four year
degree in farming.  In fact, how in the world did I get hired as a
vice president of a bank?" 

He thought and he thought and with a twinkle in his eye, he said..."I
don't need any further education to practice psychology.  He applied
and started working for Oak Crest Hospital & Counseling Center and the
Potawatomi Nation were so impressed with his social and counseling
skills that they bought the company and fired him the next day.  "I
really need to work on my people skills," he said as he drove home
thinking about what his next move will be.  I think I will take some
money I "saved" (or whatever) from the bank I used to work at and
start a business."  Fortunately, his wife was kind enough to use her
intellect in helping him get started just like she did graduating him
through college.

Once he got his career situated the State of Oklahoma threw a wrench
into things by announcing a 2.6 million dollar budget cut in Mental
Health Services AND requiring all practicing psychologists to have a
Master's Degree.  This didn't settle well for The Old Druid and he
argued and complained.  He snorted, "This is stupid..duh huh huh...The
cuts are being made indiscriminately,'' he said. ''We're talking about
some people who will wind up living under bridges.''  He said that
others will be forced to stop taking needed medication and wind up
back in prison (as if he really cares more about them than the money
he can make off them).  ''We're not taking care of our mentally ill
residents of Oklahoma,'' he said.  He still isn't really, but that's
another story. 

So, The Old Druid trods back to his wife and tells her about his
delimma.  "Don't worry about a Master's Degree hun.  I can help you
with that and you will hardly have to lift a finger," she said.
"Thanks hun," he replied and they jumped in the sack for their
bi-monthly 9:30PM romp.  "I was getting all backed up and cranky," he
said, "but everything is ok now.  Thanks dear."  

A few years pass and The Old Druid's wife graduates him with a
Master's in psychology.   "Now I can help others....if I figure out
how I'm actually supposed to do that," he said smiling while framing
his sheepskin.  "Nevermind.  I'll just hire people to do it for me and
then see 1 or 2 patients a week so that everyone thinks I do
something. Hmmm...what will I do in my spare time though?"

At that moment, The Old Druid's son walks in and says, "Hi Dad.  I
wanted to show you this new game called Everquest.  It's a lot of fun.
Oh, by the way, do you have $100,000 so my friend and I can start a
computer business?  I promise you that we know what we're doing and it
will be profitable for you."  All of a sudden there was a clatter
outside that sounded almost like Pinocchio pole vaulting into the side
of the Sears Tower.  They just shrugged the noise off and continued.

"Everquest?  Hmmm.  I can barely use a computer.  I'm used to paper
trails, not digital trails, but I'll give it a try," he said.   So,
the years passed and clients came in and out of the office and
employees were bustling around tending to business. 

"What's all that racket?!  It's too goddamn noisy in here!  I can't
stand all this noise!  I need quiet," The Old Druid shouted as he got
up to close his office door.   "How can I concentrate on my quest with
all that ruckus going on out there?  Just keep it quiet and collect
the money.  That's all I care about."

"Now....let me get back to my online friends and practice being kind
and caring and fake some patience.  First, I need a join...I mean a
smoke.  Where's my slave?  Slave!  Get in here boy!  I need you to go
to the bad part of town and pickup a delivery for me."  

The next day rolled around and...


