From 4936759539596115712
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d7f2d74c33f012bf,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 20 Jun 2004 09:46:28 -0500
Date: Sun, 20 Jun 2004 10:46:27 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Solo spot for 63 mage
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <n4udnVE8ffrZPkjdRVn-jA@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 115
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.216.132.24
X-Trace: sv3-keWXmG1ylAyjENPbsym5apQRpD13O6s6iioU5KaVSWcojR9t2JJXmkmKqeLzIZLsoD7i0/R0m5QkBC+!BJDaZqinP5lz9QHP9CYIQvLVml4ZCzzyFl/0Cxww4xmNJ13/lmsgMdmS4KL7X2VCOlyia661vqs=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7039

Think I found what I'm looking for.

POJ Punishers and Enforcers, Death Row, Jail... seems to have a lot of 
different names.

Anyway, POJ is a short run from POK, and the run down to P&E isn't too 
long and is entirely free of KOS mobs.

This puts me in front of killable mobs in about 5 minutes; it takes me 
longer to summon my gear and arm my pet!

First mob is all by himself, and my pet can actually take him down 
without any help at all (I used Burst of Flame to make sure I got all 
the exp, and just watched).

Next, though, is a pair I can't seem to split.  In four tries, I only 
managed to kill them once, the time when I had KEI.  Gated out twice, 
died once.  They were both punishers every time (well, since I only 
killed them once, this only means they were punishers twice in a row... 
not conclusive), which meant I couldn't mez either one, I was hoping I 
could mez one and let the pet kill the other, which wouldn't be too hard.

Of the other three times, twice I ran out of mana and my pet ran out of 
hp before it made a kill, the third time I couldn't keep heals coming 
fast enough and pet died... with me dying shortly after.

Here's my strategy:

61 Air Pet.  Water pet won't be seeing any backs to stab, and air pet 
should have better mitigation, plus his stuns should cut down on 
incoming damage from his target.

All 6 items from Jewelry bag; in general these have 8 AC and 20 hp; four 
of them are in locations not covered by plate, the other two take Bracer 
slots.

Summoned Plate Armor, all but the bracers, which are only AC 7, so the 
jewelry items are better.

Belt of the Magicot (its the 250 hp belt, I don't have the 500 hp one 
yet), Muzzle, the 61 blade and the 62 fist.  I don't have the 63 blade, 
and all three seem to be pretty much the same only working on different 
resists.  I like the look of blade plus fist more than two of either, 
sort of sword and shield look.

I don't use the Elemental Defender, for fear it will either not be used 
or will supercede one of the two weapons.  Seems logical to me that this 
would be true, although perhaps it would take the back slot?

Burnout V, Velocity and DS for pet.  Sadly, I can't use my 63 DS, nor my 
60 one, since they are group spells and won't affect my pet even if cast 
directly on him.  I hear there's a Gates AA for that, would need to buy 
GOD and spend 20 points or so... and might be worth it at that.

I run my Shield of the Arcane and XCG and sit on my drogmar, geared up 
with most of the items from a summoned jewelry bag (not the RC neck or 
the DOT bracer) and holding a mod rod.

I slap my pet with Elemental Draw and then wait for him to heal up, then 
pull the victim with a low aggro spell; thus far I've tried Cancel Magic 
and Malosini, in both cases I still got both the punishers, but had no 
trouble getting my pet to intercept them.  I also tried sending pet in 
to attack them in place, this also worked fine in that they were both on 
him, not on me.

With two punishers on him, my pet loses HP pretty fast.  I cycle thru 
heals, keeping Primal Remedy on him and using my 52 and 60 heals (Planar 
Renewal is a 64 spell, and I don't have it anyway).  Pet still gradually 
loses hp with this plan, particularly when Primal Remedy wears off and I 
recast that instead of casting my heals.  Worse, though, I run out of 
mana this way before either of the mobs dies.

I tried alternating in some Firebolts, hoping to get it down to just one 
mob, but I was unable to kill a mob with this plan either before running 
OOM, except when I had KEI and SP on top of my self buffs.

Here's what I think the problem is; the pet keeps switching between 
mobs, instead of concentrating on one and killing it.  When I nuked, I 
assisted him first, getting the target down pretty low on HP, but then 
really had to focus on heals, and watched the battle go on far longer 
than it should have taken him to finish off the target.

And since he's got two mobs on him, his stuns aren't reducing the DPS of 
whichever mob he isnt' hitting; this means instead of taking twice the 
damage per second fighting two mobs, he's taking three times as much.  I 
-have- to find a way to kill one of the mobs faster, and then hope that 
we can finish off the other one with whatever resources I have left.

Funny thing is, the one time I was successful (when I had KEI), I got 
jumped by a repop just as I was about to finish the second mob of the 
pair; not only did I kill both the punishers but took out the enforcer 
repop as well.  Came down to the wire, but it was doable.

Past the pair is another enforcer, then death row, which looks doable 
too, with a mix of punishers and enforcers, such that I can hopefully 
see mostly instances where I can pull pairs but mez the one I'm not 
working on.

I got about 1% real exp per kill, and netted around 300pp in dropped 
vendorables.  On the other hand, I died twice and took 75% rez since the 
  only cleric handy was level 47.  I think the deaths were in the nature 
of Learning Experiences, though, not Insurmountable Odds... I'm thinking 
that with KEI and some practice this should be a reasonably safe camp, 
and a very profitable one.

On the other hand, its also one where just about any partner, even one 
much lower level than me, could probably help immensely, the exceptions 
would be pure melee types, since I can only heal my own pet.

Any thoughts, particularly on how to make my pet stay on target and not 
switch back and forth?

Splendid One, 63 Gnomage, Firiona Vie




