From 2476448250004829359
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8503bde76b623beb,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mobhunter Article: October 2004 Fan Faire Report
Date: 2 Nov 2004 04:32:15 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 151
Message-ID: <1099398735.874118.83930@z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 69.140.70.205
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1099398739 32737 127.0.0.1 (2 Nov 2004 12:32:19 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 2 Nov 2004 12:32:19 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com; posting-host=69.140.70.205;
   posting-account=WDcinhMAAADcvkKBmXXfehYblo0NN7Cr_KfkHiVTV22R7IgxdvF6Yg
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:21623

October 2004 Fan Faire Report

by Loral on November 02, 2004

The following article was written for both Mobhunter and Caster's
Realm.

I return from the Bayou, black notebook laden with facts, details,
rumors and the philosophies from the silver temple of the west. SOE put
on a fine event, as entertaining as it was informative. SOE developers
and staff made themselves available throughout the three-night event,
happy to discuss anything the fans could bring up.

If you care not to hear of the festivities, skip down right into the
juicy morsels of goodness below. If you have not been to a Fan Faire,
however, it is quite a treat. There's always a bit of nervousness going
to such an event. We all know each other in-game but to meet face to
face can be a bit daunting. Non stop contests, presentations,
late-night gatherings, and panels filled out three days perfectly. It
wasn't uncommon to see three fellows walking down Burbon Street,
hurricanes high, shouting "hail" at everyone they saw. "Train to Zone"
they'd shout as a pack of bikers drives by with grim looks on their
bearded faces.

Your head swims with after-images as you fly back home. Brenlo hurls
sharp-edged boxes at the heads of players in the manifestation of his
ultimate Community Relations dream. Vannoth teaches players how to
train zones ("OMGZ RUN") and Cyb3r barbarian females in Everquest 2
("OMGZ YUO USED ME!"). The costumes, the contests, the dialog, the
tales of adventure, the personalities; they all add up to a weekend
packed with enough memories to last six months. If you ever get a
chance to go to a Fan Faire, take it.

Ok, now on to the juicy morsels of goodness.

A large amount of the Fan Faire focused on Everquest 2. By now most
people have heard of the November 8 release date. SOE had planned on
this date for some time; it was not a knee jerk reaction to the rumored
simultaneous release date of World of Warcraft. Who really believes
those EBGames dates anyway? Shame on you.

Everquest 2 showed up everywhere. A 24 hour Everquest 2 contest awarded
an Alienware PC to the player with the highest level and experience.
Over 30 machines were open for Fan Faire attendees to play. Every Fan
Faire attendee earned an EQ2 beta account upon registration. I will
leave it to other reviewers to discuss the details of Everquest 2 but I
will discuss a few interesting tidbits.

I finally met my predecessor, Moorgard. During our discussion he
mentioned that EQ2 went through a series of focus tests and usability
tests for both new and veteran players. I hope Everquest goes through
such tests if it has not done so already. Making the game easy to start
and play is a key to bringing in new customers.

SOE demonstrated the new Station Players website for Everquest 2
players. The website offers a wide range of excellent features
including guild website tools, Magelo-like player profiles, web-based
guild chat, and server community forums. There's a lot to like and
demonstrations are available on the EQ2 website. SOE intends to
implement these features for all SOE games including EQLive in the next
six to eight months.

Now let us dig into EQLive news.

In the next patch or two, the task system will gain over one thousand
new tasks including tasks up to level 70. Tasks will include a variety
of new actions such as foraging and fishing on top of the existing kill
10, collect 4, talk to an NPC, or visit a location. SOE plans to
balance many old tasks as well. Kaikachi, the task developer,
reinforced that he uses bug reports and feedback to balance tasks so
make sure to /bug or /feedback them if you find a task that doesn't
work.

Backflagging came up more than once this event and SOE appears to have
a viable solution in the works. SOE will extend the 85-15 flagging
rule, the rule that allows 15% of a raid to enter a flagged zone
without the flag, to Time and many Gates zones. Raid mobs within
flagged zones will drop one or two quest items that let unflagged
members begin a quest to receive a permanent flag for that zone. Flags
achieved this way will not backflag characters for previous zones. A
Time flag quest, for example, will not award a Fire flag.

Rashere, the primary Alternate Ability developer, has a list of AAs to
review. He already wrote a spreadsheet of point cost reductions for
Gates AAs. A piece of code will soon let players receive AA refunds
without losing AAs over 30 should they zone. It will not let players
store more than 30 new AAs, however. Players who already purchased AAs
at the higher cost will receive the difference; they will not get a
full refund for abilities unless the ability itself changes.

During the "Maintain a Living World" panel a pompous jackass of a
moderator brought up the Everquest's Economy. According to Lyndro,
tributes helped take money out of the economy but targeted the wrong
players. High-end players hold most of the money in Norrath but rarely
use tributes. Items like horses only take money out of the economy
once. SOE designed systems like trade skills to take money out of the
economy but SOE always considers new solutions.

SOE does not plan to add new LDON loot. Like Kunark and Velious, SOE
intends players who get through the content of LDON to travel onwards
to expansions like Omens and Gates. LDON is not intended to offer
progression through the entire range of the game. Now that Omens offers
fine equipment to single-group hunters, I agree with their assessment.

SOE plans to continue changing hot-zones to get players traveling out
to old world zones. From time to time they may add Fabled-like items to
old-world content like they did with the fifth anniversary. These
changes, on top of epic quests and tasks, help get new players to older
world zones.

Rogue's Hour, the first in a series of four planned Everquest-based
novels, hit the shelves a couple of weeks ago and Scott Ciencin signed
books and discussed future publishing plans. Each of the next three
books will come out every three months including one by Elane
Cunningham, the author of many fine Forgotten Realms books. These books
help add new depth to our world and I look forward to their continued
release.

Class tuning came up many times and SOE has plans to address class
issues. SOE will release class descriptions, not full class
definitions, which contain a lot of SOE internal statistics. SOE
community relations folk meet often with developers to help make sure
the class issues get discussed and to make sure each class has a clear
group role and is fun to play.

I spent a time far shorter than I would have liked speaking with Vahlar
regarding lore and story progression. I mentioned my desire to see the
Muramites invading Norrath and she assured me that some big changes
would hit Norrath in coming weeks. SOE heard the player's cry for a
more cohesive storyline, one built from original EQ lore and plans to
improve this. The return of Firiona Vie and the Lifeguide to the
storyline begins this return to older lore.

SOE already began the design of a new EQLive expansion but details are
scarce. Lyndro stated clearly that expansions will follow the Kunark,
Velious, and Omens trend for one single locked zone, not a series of
progressive locked zones such as those we faced in Planes of Power and
Gates of Discord. SOE rebuilt much of Omens, far more than I expected,
after the guild summit in June. SOE hears what players ask for and they
heard us very well with Omens. I have high hopes and look forward to
January's announcement.

The future looks bright. We see many exciting changes on the way and
every SOE employee I spoke to said many of the things I wanted to hear.
EQ2 presents a huge unknown variable but it is clear that no SOE
employee on either team wants EQ players quitting one for the other. I
do not see EQ2 affecting EQLive's future in any way but for the better.
Loral Ciriclight
2 November 2004
loral@loralciriclight.com



