From 1985887054423393981
X-Google-Thread: 10766f,89bcc3197449f2b6,start
X-Google-Thread: 10623e,89bcc3197449f2b6,start
X-Google-Thread: 10a756,89bcc3197449f2b6,start
X-Google-Thread: fb739,89bcc3197449f2b6,start
X-Google-Thread: 107032,89bcc3197449f2b6,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid10766f,gid10623e,gid10a756,gidfb739,gid107032,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nx01.iad01.newshosting.com!newshosting.com!post02.iad01!news.newsdemon.com!not-for-mail
Message-Id: <m07111614334376@4ax.com>
Subject: MI5-Persecution: Comparing the MI5 Persecution with German Final Solution (16701)
Newsgroups: alt.sex.nfs,alt.society.neutopia,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest,microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange
Followup-To: alt.sex.nfs,alt.society.neutopia,comp.publish.prepress,alt.games.everquest,microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange,uk.misc
From: MI5-Victim@mi5.gov.uk
Date: 16 Dec 2007 14:33:46 GMT
Lines: 211
Organization: news.newsdemon.com
X-Complaints-To: abuse@newsdemon.com
X-Original-Lines: 207
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.sex.nfs:1628 alt.society.neutopia:5677 comp.publish.prepress:10559 alt.games.everquest:12399 microsoft.public.il.hebrew.exchange:20187


MI5 Persecution Update: Friday 16 April, 1999

If You Intend To Reply, Please Read This
Please.... keep your response to one page!. Faxes over a page or two will
be deleted without being read.

BBC newscaster Nicholas Witchell cant stop himself laughing

During 1990-91 there were very many instances of "interactive
television" where newscasters and other TV presenters saw on a screen
before them what was happening in my home, and reacted, frequently by
laughing at me. During this period I unfortunately did not record these
programmes. For the last year or two, I have been recording everything I
watch, and there has been a drastic decrease in such incidents.

However, on occasion, television presenters do still engage in
"interactive watching" and react to what they see. This has been evident
with Jon Snow of Channel Four News recently - a particularly interesting
case, since it has been established that he cannot be corrupted by money
(it is well-documented that MI5 offered him a tax-free salary and he
turned them down). I wonder what device MI5 are using to encourage him to
do the "interactive watching"?

On Saturday 10 April 1999 at 7pm, Nicholas Witchell on BBC2 News reacted
when he saw that I was watching the programme, and I have his reactions
stored safely on videotape. I have watched this tape several times and I
am entirely confident that my evaluation of his reactions is correct. For
several minutes his upper lip quivered in mirth as he attempted to keep a
straight face. Then finally his self-control evaporated through the excuse
of a weak joke and his face collapsed into a grin.

The strange thing is that I dont know why he was laughing at me, what I
had done recently to "deserve" to be laughed at. The MI5 persecutors
usually manage to invent some justification as to why people should laugh
at and/or abuse me ("hes an X", "it was so funny" etc), so Mr Witchell
could have been laughing for any number of reasons. Perhaps he found the
views I have been expressing in these articles amusing? I suppose if youre
paid enough money and ordered to laugh then even the most innocuous thing
becomes funny.

Jon Snow of Channel Four News cant stop himself smirking, either.

On 12 February 1999 I was watching Channel Four News presented by Jon
Snow. As usual, I was recording the programme, so that if anything out of
the ordinary happened, Id be able to go back and watch it again.

Now, Jon Snow, by his own claim, is uncorruptible. He says he turned down
an offer of a substantial tax-free salary from MI5 - they wanted to make
him their mouthpiece, and he told them where to get off.

So you will be most surprised to learn that Jon Snow "interactively
watched" me that evening, and on many other evenings. Approximately
fifteen minutes into the programme, he announced that the US President
would be making a live appearance at about 7.30pm; I looked at the clock
on the mantelpiece; and Snow saw me looking at the clock, and visibly
tried to suppress a smirk.

Uncorruptible, are you, Mister Snow? If not money, then why are you
watching me, Mister Snow? Are they forcing you to watch me? Cant you turn
the monitor off, Mister Snow?

Keith Hill MP (Labour - Streatham), my elected representative, as ever
refuses to help.

Comparing the MI5 Persecution with German "Final Solution"

It might seem offensive to compare the mass murder of millions of
civilians in wartime with the peacetime persecution of merely one
person. Yet the comparison has been coursing through my mind for several
years now, because the brutality of German intent to "sub-humans" is very
much comparable to the brutality of British intent to someone they
vituperate and term "not up to British standards". The methods may differ,
but the persecutors mindset is the same.

The Germans first targeted the mentally disabled, too

During WW2 millions of ethnic Russians, Poles, Jews, mentally ill, gypsies
and other minorities were rounded up and murdered in purpose-built camps
by the German regime, in the name of "racial superiority". Fifty years on,
the British Secret Police, MI5, instituted a campaign of mass
hysteria; but in their cowardice, limited their activities to one single
victim.

It is instructive to note that the early German "cleansing" effort was
directed primarily not at Jews, but at the mentally ill. The Nazis set up
the T4 project in the thirties to "cleanse" away 70,000 mentally disabled
people, including schizophrenics and epileptics. After WW2 the Jews with
their media influence used the reaction from the holocaust to roll back
anti-semitism in the Western countries; however, the mentally ill are
today still a persecuted group in the modern Western world as they were
under the Nazis (the current Jewish home secretary in the UK intends to
bring in laws for incarceration without any criminal charge for some
mentally ill people - he protects his own minority, but does nothing for
the other minorities in todays society), and this continuing bias forms a
central cause for the current acts of persecution in the UK.

Widespread knowledge of what is happening to the "un-British" minority

In both the German persecution of the thirties and early forties, and the
current British persecution, many, many people are well aware of whats
happening. There is widespread complicity through inaction of
populace; and in a substantial proportion of the mainstread population,
the persecution had/has widespread enthusiastic support; yet in both the
German case in the 1940s and the British today, the existence of
persecution is a mass secret which must be never admitted out loud. In the
recent Lawrence case this "secret bigotry" has been termed
"institutionalised racism", and that is a very good word for what the
British are doing today The persecutory attitudes and omerta regarding
them are so deeply ingrained in the national psyche that they define the
national mood

During WW2 many Germans knew minorities were disappearing, and through
inaction quietly condoned their government's mass murder of
"un-German" minorities and inferior "foreigners"; and in the 1990s,
similarly, many English people know what the MI5 British Secret Police
have been doing, and not only condone it, but actively take part, because
of xenophobia against the "un-British" unit minority that is the target of
"British" actions. This attitude by the British persecutors has been made
explicit through the words "he's not up to British standards"; the British
seem to have found their very own "untermenschen" to victimise.

Why these obsessive "holy wars" happen

This type of aggression occurs when the majority is threatened or
humiliated in some way, economically, militarily or culturally. In pre-WW2
Germany the threat was primarily economic and military, following
Germany's humiliating defeat in the first world war and the reparations it
was forced to pay. In modern Britain, one might guess that the majority
English who are behind the persecution feel pressured by the swiftly
diminishing status of Britain in the world, and the rapidly increasing
coloured colonisation of their country, which in time will see the ethnic
English a minority in their own land, and their more antisocial elements,
unable to reply to the obvious threat, instead project their aggression
onto another, weaker, unit minority

In both cases there is a whiff of "holy war" or irrational obsession with
the persecution. Certainly the German behaviour fifty years ago bordered
on the not-quite-sane, and the current British behaviour towards their
chosen victim is strongly tinged with a leave-taking of reason. And the
choices open to the victims are the same, since MI5 will never allow me to
escape them, "if he tries to run away we'll find him", just like the
commandant of Auschwitz telling the new arrivals, "the only escape is
through the chimney".

The Victim Will Destroy Us if We Dont Destroy Him First

The persecutors propaganda is the same. Fifty years ago the Germans said,
"if we don't do it to the Jews then the Jews will do it to us"; and MI5's
propaganda in the early nineties concentrated on their victim as a
"monster" aesome "untermenschen" minority.

"We are decent fellows" say the Brutal Persecutors

During the course of researching this article I read part of the very
interesting book, "Hitler - A Study in Tyranny", by Alan Bullock. This
volume contains a quote from Himmler on the "Final Solution";

"Most of you know what it means when a hundred corpses are lying side by
side, or five hundred or one thousand. To have stuck it out, and at the
same time .... to have remained decent fellows, that is what has made us
hard. This is a page of glory in our history which has never been written
and is never to be written."

In the MI5 persecution, too, there is a thread of deliberate brutality to
the sick and vulnerable, while the persecutors maintain that "we are
decent fellows". There is almost a conscious schizophrenia in the
self-attitudes of the Security Service operatives and those in the public
who they employ against me, which reflects the contradiction evident in
the German attitude above. On the one hand, they stoop to the lowest and
most base behaviour; yet at the same time, the MI5 operatives tell
themselves that since they are civilised British people, then surely they
must by definition be "decent fellows". Any indecency is made the fault of
the victim; "hes making us persecute him, so we need feel no guilt".

Yet the conduct is atypical of the way these peoples see their normal
modes of behaviour. Befslaughter was not typical of normal German
behaviour up to that point. Similarly, the current MI5 abuse goes against
the grain of British self-image as being "reserved" and "decent", since
they are using terms of abuse which are common among blacks and other
supposedly less-developed races, but not among the English.

Conclusion

The ultimate aim of both persecutions is the humiliation and physical
extinction of the persecuted group. The Germans did this in a very direct
way; the British Secret Police MI5 are acting indirectly and relying on
self-extinction of their target, because in peacetime and in the current
somewhat false climate of "political correctness" more direct methods are
impossible. If MI5 undertook more direct action the mass "omerta" would be
broken.

I have written this article with sincerity to show how a historically
recent persecution in another country parallels what is being done in this
country today. In both cases, the evil-doers are of their countries
establishments, and rely on widespread tacit support to maintain the
persecution and omerta around it. While the holocaust was undoubtedly the
greater evil, it is important to be aware of the fact that had the Germans
not been defeated fifty years ago, their plans would have gone through to
total completion. In Britain today no force threatens the "permanent
government" of which the Security Service forms a part; and it looks very
unlikely that the wrongs perpetrated by the MI5 secret police will ever be
revealed to public view, and the British secret state brought to justice
for its evil actions.

16701


--
Posted via NewsDemon.com - Premium Uncensored Newsgroup Service
      ------->>>>>>http://www.NewsDemon.com<<<<<<------
Unlimited Access, Anonymous Accounts, Uncensored Broadband Access


