From 821511297000660095
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,62ddd50ffbe6843c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-04 10:17:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: can a 42 warrior solo?
Date: Thu, 04 Apr 2002 13:14:52 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3CAC981C.887E0B4@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <uap3ipqok1ob2@corp.supernews.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 47
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:183108

Scott Kyle wrote:
> 
> I was wondering if there's any place a 42 warrior can solo? I hear in all
> the pages I read that you really need to be grouping at this high a level
> but there has to be a place you can hunt alone. Any suggestions would be
> appreciated.

The short answer, of course, is "no". By now your soloing days should be
well over and you should be learning to MA for groups, and later, raids.
Mobs that are even medium blue will generally be kicking your ass
royally. The last time I solo'd to any extent was back at level 35, and
that was only out of pure stubborness to see if I could. And it should
be noted that I did it in a really bizarred place which has since been
redesigned, so I don't know if it would work now. Now at 55 there's
hardly any low blue crap I can kill solo, and even if I do the downtime
is beyond stupid.

With that said, though, it has been said that *anybody* can solo if you
really just have the teeth-grinding determination to tough it out and do
it. Witht he addition of the light blues, there's likely some mobs out
there you could take if you can find them in single spawns without adds.
Your gear will be a big factor too. Do you have a fungii? Some insane
uber weapons with ungodly damage and a big haste item? J-boots or
backpacks of SoW potions? Makes it even easier. You don't mention your
race. Are you one of the fast regenning leezards or trolls? That could
help too.

If you're really determined to do this, you may want to look into
something like the single tree spectre in Free Rot. Forget what level it
is, but if it's low/light blue, you could give it a try. And they're
really slow, too, so if the fights going south you could run for the RM
zone and likely make it. It's a six minute spawn, so you might be able
to bandage to half and then heal up a fair way before the next one.

(Of course, you'll be competing with every magician, wizzie, and druid
on the server for it. Necros's don't bother because six minute spawns
are just too damn slow even if the mob is yellow. he he he.)

But basically, I'd say forget it and grab yourself a healer partner and
head to CoM. At your level that place is an xp goldmine and some of the
rare drops there are very nice and can sell well.
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"The way I see it, every once in a while everybody's got to take a
beating."
- Henry Hill


