From 3705879773686621047
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4b19c212142b57e1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-17 19:23:02 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newsfeed.cwix.com!wn14feed!worldnet.att.net!204.127.198.203!attbi_feed3!attbi.com!sccrnsc01.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3DFFEABA.C2255EAF@rcsis.com>
From: Justisaur <rpilliard@rcsis.com>
Reply-To: justisaur.nospam@netscape.nospam.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.79 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mistmoor still rocks! (hunting places 25+ story)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 104
NNTP-Posting-Host: 12.246.178.15
X-Complaints-To: abuse@attbi.com
X-Trace: sccrnsc01 1040181781 12.246.178.15 (Wed, 18 Dec 2002 03:23:01 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 18 Dec 2002 03:23:01 GMT
Organization: AT&T Broadband
Date: Wed, 18 Dec 2002 03:23:01 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:253348

I'm playing a cleric.  So anyway I play when no-one is on, I couldn't
even get a group half the time in Paludal, that's how bad it is. 
Anyway, so I got of the paludal ride at 25, go to Marus Seru like
everyone tells me.  I find there's one other person there, lv 35 druid,
he doesn't want to group, so I proceed to go out an look for mobs.  I
figure I was uber because I was soloing no problem in paludal, so I go
over to a recuso who cons blue, and can't even make a dent in his HP
before I run out of manna, deciding this isn't what to fight here I root
him with my last manna and zone.  I decide to try something else I get
scared because most everything crawling around is yellow to me, finally
I decide the zelniacks seem to be the lowest lv stuff, and they start
attacking me, so I kill a couple, then get swarmed and die.  

I get discouraged, and go back to paludal beat up on stuff no problems
get 26 in a day (being 3 or 4 hours for me).  

I manage to get a group for a change when I go back to Marus, the xp is
pitiful, so we end up going to dawnshroud and get some good xp for 1/2
hour before I have to log. I log in next day and everyone is like 10 lvs
above me and don't want a cleric my level I guess.  So I try soloing
there against the shrooms, same problem I had before, can't make a dent
in their hp before manna runs out.

I decide I must need a c3 to solo out in Marus, so wait around in the
nexus 'till I can get one, and borrow the cash from my main (which I
don't like doing, but will for buying spells usually, that's about it. 
I try some greyhoppers, but I get jack for xp, and they keep getting
tons of adds.  Hearing Stonegrabbers are "the" mob to do I start
blasting them down, well I keep getting adds no matter what I do, so I
finally end up running them back to the zoneline to netheumbrian, which
worked fine, and the xp was better, but still not so great, and no
loot.  So I go about half my c3 here, and then go back and try the
shrooms in dawnshroud again.  I can solo them, but a bit slower than the
Stonegrabbers, and they have no loot either.   

Anyway I get to 27 just moments before my C3 runs out.  Well I'm
addicted now, so borrow some more cash from my Enchanter, who pisses and
moans about it (in character). I get another one, and having heard
mentions of LILO, Echo caverns & Mist moor for alternatives.  I think
LILO? I'm too high for that, and I've got two lizzy alts there, I'm a
bit burned out on it, Echo Caverns?  I ask where it is but no one tells
me.  So I go to Mist moor, expecting to die, and die allot, and deal
with train after train.  

So I get to mist moor, there's three people in the zone, all higher than
me, and they just trained the zone.  I keep thinking the train should be
gone, so I keep going in and getting whacked and leaving.  Well
eventually the higher levels get tied of it, and just go in and clear
what's left of the train, while I pick one off. I loot 2 pp!  I'm
happy!  So there's noting left alive I can take after "helping" them
clear the way back to the graveyard as I pick off about 3 more mobs on
the way back.  So I log for the night.

Morning I get on.  No one in the zone.  No one.  Just me.  I decide to
try out this here calm spell I got.  After a few rough starts I get it
down, and start using zoning like a FD'ing monk might to spread things
out if I get too many.  I'm totally amazed, I gave up on the lull line a
long time ago with my Enchanter.  Anyway things go relatively smoothly,
I eventually clear all the way to the graveyard.  Yep that's right, just
me by my lonesome.  I think hey this is going pretty good.  I get jumped
by 4 at the graveyard entrance, well I got my Divine whathamacallit off
and invulnerable back to the zone, bunch of stuff popped behind me. 
Well I'm a bit irritated, but seeing as how I am getting xp and loot, I
decide to just start pulling again, and live with the occasional light
blue.  Anyway my C3 eventually wears off, so I leave after doing a
couple last pulls without it, just to see if I could.  Went oom, but it
was doable, they don't regenerate like those damned Luclin mobs.  Hell I
even left once and came back in and picked up where I'd left off on one
after getting a bubble of blue back outside.  

So I figure about time to log. My XP is halfway though 28!  That's half
again MORE than I got in the same period as Marus Seru, and I got loot! 
Just as I leave I see the first other person all day here, a 27 bard!  I
go back to the nexus, sell my junk, and get a c3 when I log back on (I'm
an addict now).  I was very suprised, when after selling all my junk I
had 100 pp!  Would have been quite a bit more if I hadn't destroyed all
the silver, and rusties too.  I didn't have to borrow from my enchanter
any more for my c3 addition!  The c3 was well worth it, and I proved to
myself I didn't *need* it (at least in mist moor, marus was another
story), things were just much faster with it.

O.k. my question is, why the hell are people going to Marus Seru, when
you can go to Mist moor and get half again more xp and a hell of a lot
more loot?  Can't be the adds, I easily got the same number of adds
(actually more once) in Marus when no one was around.  Only thing I
could figure would be outdoorsy types hyping the place up.  But doesn't
really make sense to me either as they can still sow etc in Mist moor. 
Sure I had a couple close calls in in Mist moor, but I actually died in
Marus!

Moral of the story - Don't believe the Marus Hype.  And won't someone
come join me in Mist moor?

My question:  When does Mist moor get too tough to do solo, and where's
the uber zone then?  And where the heck are all the undead, aren't they
supposed to be vampires?  My undead DD didn't work on anything in there.

Justiger 28 Assling Cleric.
Justi 54 Mirrorhead Enchanter.
on Brell

- Justisaur -
check http://justisaur.tripod.com/well.htm for my encounter generator,
xp calculator, and other useful documents.


