From 1053177006026129268
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a22c9d20e0ee706d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-05-08 06:59:33 PST
Path: newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.wirehub.nl!news.stealth.net!207.35.177.132.MISMATCH!news3.bellglobal.com!nf2.bellglobal.com!news20.bellglobal.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Infinity" <infinity@colormail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <hseJ6.4$Cj6.319@client>
Subject: Re: Twinking, Begging, and social decay... LOL
Lines: 154
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Message-ID: <8ZSJ6.46411$_f3.804583@news20.bellglobal.com>
Date: Tue, 08 May 2001 13:59:32 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.229.66.87
X-Trace: news20.bellglobal.com 989330372 64.229.66.87 (Tue, 08 May 2001 09:59:32 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 08 May 2001 09:59:32 EDT
Organization: Sympatico
Xref: newsfeed.google.com alt.games.everquest:74333

>     Twinking:
>
>     I have no heartburn about this at all. It really does not effect me in
> ANY way. Sure, I may be outdamaged by a player some number of levels below
> me, or I may take more damage due to inferior armor. As far as twinking
> myself, I don't see how it affects anyone else, either. I had to acquire
the
> goods somehow, either with a character that had the ability to take down
the
> MOB that drops it, or had the cash to buy it.
>     If this gives an advantage to my twink character.... so what? It
occurs
> to me that people who whine about this are probably the same folks that
> whine when rich kids are given a fancy car on their 16th birthday.

Actually twinking in a sort of way for a role player like myself can be
included in the role play aspect of the game.  If the characters are similar
race for example "play" a relative that gives the items to the new character
as a gift.  Nothing wrong with twinking really as I did all the work to
begin with to get the items.

> Begging, on the other hand...
>
>     This does fire me up. I have noticed that it is considerably more
> abundant within the last 6 months or so. Possibly due to the "Christmas
> Kids", who recieved it then. What bothers me most about this is the
complete
> lack of shame these parasites have. And it is not just the folks looking
for
> cash or the armor on your back... It is the folks that walk up to you
while
> you are medding at the gates and request Buffs, Binds, and (Grrrr) SoW.

And the rudeness of some of these people slay me.  Don't walk up to me and
demand a resurrection and don't offer any way to pay for it or even help.
Don't expect me when I am grouped with other people to leave my group,
travel halfway across Norath and drag your worthless corpse to you for a
rez.  And certainly pay for it.  Why?  It is 700 mana gone... that is a hell
of a lot of time to med.  I am a great persson and really nice, but don't
demand it as if I owe you something.  Reminds me of the street kids around
here who think they deserve my money simply by asking for it.  Besides that
is part of how you can make money in the game, and is even suggested in the
manual.  My main profession is Cleric and part of my profession is accepting
donations to further my cause :-).  Do you give away your time for free in
the real world (outside of worthwhile volunteering action)?  Nope, well
neither do I in game or out of it.  Now if you ask me really nice, explain
your situation in a role play sort of way, such as one person did to me,
    "Excuse me powerful cleric, may I plead upon you for intervention on a
most unhappy        occurance?"
    "What may I help you with"
    "I was sent on a quest of grave import when I was rushed by the most
evil of creatures and I lost my life, my items, and even worse some of my
powers!"
    "I see, well for a donation to my cause I would be more than helpful to
you."
    "Alas, dear cleric, I just spent my money on items, so I have none to
give, but I could offer you something in return, perhaps help with a quest
item, or similar"
    "Ok, bring your corpse to me, or to somewhere safe, or if you can
SoW/Invis me so I can drag it somewhere safe and I shall help you."

This is a good way to play.  It is friendly, it is how you may beg a friend
for help in RL if you needed help.  But more and more I hear stuff like,
    "U cleric" - idiot
    "Yep" if I am not anon or "Nope" if I am. - Me
    "Rez me" - idiot
    "Why" - Me
    "cuz i dead and need it" - idiot
    "What do I get" - Me
    "helping me out" -idiot
    "For a donation I will help you out" - Me
    /finger - idiot
    /ignore idiot - Me


>     SoW-beggars are the worst. I hate it when I see some super-cretin
shout
> "Need SOW 4 corpse run at gate". Sometimes they may add a "plz", in the
> hopes that adding 'manners' will improve their chances. First of all, SoW
> isn't NEEDED for anything. It is a very nice, very handy spell that makes
a
> run a lot faster. But it is simply a convenience. And like all other
> conveniences, one should at least offer to pay for it. It does cost
someone
> else the thing you are trying to save: time.
>     "But all my money is on my corpse", I have heard some dimwit bleat. My
> response is usually to ask them if they know where the bank is. Well, that
> is either too much of a hassle, or they don't bother to save any cash.
Then
> of course I get the usual tirade about how I should help someone out when
> they are in trouble, didn't anyone ever help you, blah-blah-blah.

How can you be so stupid as to not have money in the bank.  I keep at least
5 food and water, and some lower level armour in the bank in a backpack in
case I have to go through several zones to get my corpse and I have not
bound to an area.

>     Then I explain that I am a Shadow Knight, and can't cast SoW anyhow.
>
>     But seriously... SoW, Clarity, Skin Like Kevlar, and the rest are
great
> utility spells, and a boon to those that chose that class. If they have
it,
> and you don't, offer to compensate them. One typically doesn't see a
Shaman
> running around the Everfrost newbie area shouting "Need a warrior 2 knock
> down MOBs to 51% health 4 me"... "plz". Same thing for Ports. Pay for
them,
> or take the boat. If you find that you cannot live without SoW, or ports,
or
> Clarity... then start a new character, or buy potions or (wait for it)...
>
>     Have some dignity.
>     Show some kind of pride.
>     And don't be a pest.
>
>     And if you are a true newbie, kill some rats, bats, and snakes. Most
of
> us had to at some point, and many had to do it more than once. Those that
> were (and are) insta-twinks robbed themselves of the initial pleasure of
> earning something wonderful. These same folks tend to not understand the
> value of their gear and it's value to people who did earn it. Their
loss...
> but again, it does not have to impact my gameplay.

I remember the initial rush of playing a new character and raining death
upon rats/bats/snakes/pups whatever.... and I never ever left the loot.... I
sold everything... A friend was amazed when my level14 cleric (now level 53)
had all banded armour, and still had 250plat with all the spells.  Why?  I
sold everything and anything... plus of course trade skills helped.  As well
as buffing for donations.  Buffing for donations is a time honored tradition
in RPG's.  I believe (though I may be wrong) that D&D even had a price guide
for buffs cast.  If you needed a Res from an NPC cleric, be prepared to pay
for it - and up front at that.

>     So. Having said all that, I think perhaps there should be a
> semi-official guide to EQ etiquette. Perhaps if I need another couple of
> zones downloaded... or on patch day, ROFL.

I would love to see Verant put up a true role play server where you had to
role play.  That is, if you went around shouting SoW plz, you were kicked,
warned and banned eventually from play on that server.  You used OOC, Shout
and Auction the way they were meant to be used.  Where people kindly shouted
out requests for SOW such as,
    "I am seeking someone who would bestow the spirit of the wolf upon me."
    instead of,
    "SOW needed for CR"

Just my thoughts, but sometimes I hate EQ just because of the people on it.
Leave l33t for Counterstrike, and ignorant demands for the street kids.

Regards




