From -1437984858152411694
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,859338bf8bbbacc3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-20 07:15:16 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!crtntx1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!intern1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 20 Dec 2003 09:15:12 -0600
Message-ID: <3FE4677C.90300@dejazzd.com>
Date: Sat, 20 Dec 2003 10:15:08 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.0.1) Gecko/20020823 Netscape/7.0 (OEM-HPQ-PRS1C03)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Discord take one
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 268
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.201
X-Trace: sv3-vuKcKl1LCD7BzavT29GlgFOFkfWlVn2XhQcAkCBnVU83gbyA2sngZ/2BgW3ZUh3b+QgbjQtq+O1Wg6l!WQZfCawuL2SvQhCmtGh2WZiOPqZkwN3K9m/vCEFrWjMryJSGgKlWrMJPVlz3uVylIg==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:12697

Unable to find a group on FV, I decided to go try Discord last night.

Made a Gnome SK.  Hey, not only food water, note, but a backpack.  Heard 
about that, hadn't seen it till now, been a while since I made a new 
character I guess.

Also, you spawn facing the guy who gets your note.  Handy.  OK, hand him 
note, get a shirt, about half a blue, and some faction.  He's also a 
guildmaster, so I click on him to train... another bonus, 5 free points 
already trained up in 1hs, and I still have 5 available to spend.  I 
plunk them all also into 1hs, figuring I need best odds fighting since 
deaths are permanent, time to worry about other weapon skills later if 
ever, there's no bazaar here to take advantage of anyway.

OK, so now what.  Ah, killing.  Evil gnomes spawn in a little maze of 
corridors in a back corner of AkAnon which has some decaying skeletons 
and other misc low level mobs wandering around; here's a decaying 
skellie now.  I hit it with my sword, and the guildmaster turns and 
kills me with a single 347 point blow.  OK, turns out the people down 
here -like- skeletons, who knew?

So, it takes a while, but I respawn just where I did first time, in 
front of guildmaster, in exactly the same condition.  Note and food and 
water and sword and backpack.  No exp, the 5 points I trained refunded, 
a total clean slate.  Repeat my previous setup.  Next to me is my body, 
click on it and to my surprise its full of gear, all lootable.  The 
tunic is lore.. but I sell the one I just got from my guildmaster (for 
nearly 2 sp) and loot this one.  I now have twice the food, twice the 
water, two backpacks, and some change in my pocket.  Nothing is sellable 
but the tunics, though, and its also no drop, which means I can't sell 
it to players either (not that they would have any reason to buy it, 
just thinking)

Well, now I run off out of sight of the local NPCs and engage another 
skellie; something goes wrong.  I can't hit him, at all, despite him 
being level one and me having a 10 1hs skill.  Then, getting desperate, 
I pull out the big gun and Harm Touch him.  Message says I do 12 points, 
but he's still at 100%.  Eventually he kills me; nice to see it takes a 
long time, I'm not quite as fragile as I thought.  But it does happen, 
inevitably; I can't even run back to the guildmasters for "guard" help, 
since I already know they will kill me, not the skellie attacking me!

Repeat of before, only I don't hand in my note.  I do sell the tunic off 
my body, though.  Then I deliberately attack my guildmaster.  Respawning 
this time, I hand in note, sell tunic, loot note off my most recent 
body, hand -it- in, getting a total of 1 blue of exp between the two. 
REward for handing in multiple newbie notes is pretty tiny, but it can 
be done, making me wonder about doing something similar where the 
rewards are better.  Shar Val isn't on this server, but if it was, the 
newbie quest series is good for almost an entire level. Frogloks, maybe, 
they have a series of running errands quests don't they?

I haven't mentioned it so far, but the lag in here is incredible, there 
are 166 gnomes in the zone, many of them packed into the evil halls. 
And there's hunting going on, sloppy but its happening.  I decide to 
move.  Making my way across the length of AkAnon, I manage to find ONE 
level 1 mob the whole way which isn't engaged.  I kill a rat thing, no 
loot, but at least I'm not permanently bugged, that skeleton was just a 
one time problem.  Outside, the situation is nearly as bad, 65 gnomes, 
all under level 6, roaming around killing.  Almost impossible to find 
unengaged level one mobs.  I do manage to kill a skeleton (sooo easy 
compared to the one that I couldn't hit at all).  Finally I go after a 
yellow mob, a runaway clockwork.  I know its not going to go well, but 
I'm getting tired of finding nothing at all.  Can't tell if its level 2 
or 3...either way, it makes fairly short work of me.

And I respawn, of course, back at my guildmaster.  Now its clear why 
there are so many people hunting in here; I'm ten minutes walk away from 
my body, such as it is, with my ill gotten loot from selling guild 
tunics and my 4 backpacks.  Since you can't accumulate experience or 
skill, what loot you can gather is the only gain to show over multiple 
deaths... not that I'd had any great gains to speak of, but its the 
principle of the thing.

Well, Teapray and Lenny are on the server, or at least Lenny is and says 
Tea is as well.  Lenny is a troll warrior.  So I reroll as a troll 
shaman.  Only after doing so do I look and find Tea; as Teawolf, a troll 
shaman.  Bah.  I reroll again as a DE necromancer.  Neriak Third Gate is 
just as bad as AkAnon, chock full of young DE killing all the rodents in 
sight.  No worries, I make my way across to commons, then to Foreign 
Quarters, meaning to find Lenny and Teawolf and have some fun.  Well 
they aren't responding to tells, which isn't a big surprise given the 
incredible amount of chatter and lag, they probably don't even see them. 
  I poke around for a while, never do manage to run across them, nor 
find a single unengaged level one mob.  Finally I zone out to 
Nektulous... where its the same story.  I do manage to kill a couple 
decaying skeletons by happening to be standing in front of them when 
they spawn.  But two kills per half hour isn't getting me anywhere. 
Then I try my hand again at a yellow mob, with results similar to my 
SK's; death comes swiftly, and now I'm three long and winding zones away 
from my body!

At this point, I give up for the night, its more interesting to stand 
around LFG on my 58 mage than to bang my head against this wall.

I figure I'll try it again sometime when its not so crowded.  But I'm 
also thinking I'm just -not- going to like it.  I'm not big on PvP to 
begin with, not that I got close to high enough level to do any, or have 
it done to me.

Without the PvP this would be a tough server, death in EQ is normally a 
small setback, a loss of some exp, and a walk to get your body, or 
sometimes a bit of a challenge to get your body if you've fallen in a 
bad spot.  Here, its devastating, losing all exp and all skills gained 
makes death far worse than in ordinary play.  But that could be fun, an 
interesting challenge, altering play styles to see how far you can get.

I've already observed, though, that I'm not a big fan of PvP in EQ.  EQ 
classes are balanced, to what extent they -are- balanced, against the 
environment, not so much against each other.  Worse, there's a wide 
power range that comes with experience.  In normal play, you avoid 
things that can easily kill you, and concentrate on pulling what you 
-can- deal with, be it easy blues or difficult reds, generally its -not- 
mobs ten levels higher than you, though.  And if it is, well, its only 
death.  In PvP though death comes seeking you, and its seeking easy 
prey; you -are- the easy blue mob to someone, and they can seek you out 
like you would an orc pawn.

Normal PvP, though, actually features relatively little PvP action.  You 
-can- kill others, but there's little point, no exp, no faction, nothing 
bad happens to them.   There's the possibility of a little loot, but 
most PvP people rapidly accumulate No Drop loot kits or learn to place 
their goodies inside bags where you can't get at it.  PvP even on red 
servers ends up relatively rare, and vengeance awaits the random gankers 
(other than the ones who slaughter the just barely PKable newbies for 
sport, a recognized and protected passtime.  Gankers of the 20+ though, 
tend to find that many people who've made it that far have high level 
friends).

On Discord, though, the rules are all changed.  PvP is the sole means of 
accumulating PK points, and the PK points are the sole purpose behind 
the server, as a wipe is coming in a month anyway, with the player with 
the highest PK value getting the only permanent reward.  Further, 
apparantly nearly all gear is droppable, and you can loot not just one 
item, but everything.  And there's no bunch of high level vigilantes 
ready to respond to gankers; the gankers -are- the high level people! 
Kill someone, and you don't have to worry much about them coming back 
after you, since you just sent them back to the level one stone age, and 
took all their accumulated gear (the only thing they've gained that they 
could theoretically retain after death).

Now lets look at classes.  Discord strikes me as a very low level 
server.  You have a month, tops, to play, and every death is a reset. 
I'm sure there will be some people who make it to 50, but those will be 
the people who set that as a goal, probably with dual box or the 
assistance of a band of buddies to pull it off.  What I don't think 
you'll see is a lot of buff vending, port sales, or really sales of any 
sort.  No safe place to do business, you see, and nobody you can trust.

Most people will never get past level 10, a long slog even with 200% 
exp, when you are in newbie gear with no buffs and no cash to speak of, 
and every step past level 6 is peopled with PKers who want another notch 
on their staves and figure you are the easiest target out there.  EQ is 
notoriously imbalanced at the low end of the game, hybrids don't get 
their spells till they hit 9, rogues don't get BS till 11, monks don't 
get FD till 19, shamans don't get their pet till 34... basic class 
defining abilities will probably never pop up for most people playing on 
this server.

So whats good?  Well, my first thought was SK.  Harm Touch makes a big 
difference in a tough fight, and they aren't much different from 
warriors at low levels.  But the cycle time on HT is longer than my life 
expectancy; on a blue server thats ok, save it till you need it, and 
next time you need it and don't have it, you just die, and boom, there 
it is back again; here, death does refesh the HT, but since it wipes 
whatever you gained when you did use it, thats not very exciting.

Paladin LOH?  Same as HT.

Warrior?  Basic, simple... but pretty much SK or Paladin without what 
small advantage HT or LOH accord.

Rogue?  Worse than warrior... except perhaps hide and sneak might pay 
off somehow?  Halfling rogue will get both those at level one.  Hide 
strikes me as more useful against PC's than NPC's, if you can go invis 
after hitting someone you should be able to play sniper pretty 
effectively, AFAIK you can't target someone invisible unless you can see 
them.

Mage?  No pet till level 4, but there's no PvP that low anyway.  Pet 
plus wizard should be a viable force in PvP.  Low AC and HP will make 
them vulnerable to higher level quick kills though.

Necro.  If fear isn't disabled, this could be powerful from a low level, 
as necros get fear, snare, and pet from level one (four for fear?). 
Strikes me as more powerful than mage, anyway, then again it is also 
more powerful than mage in normal play most of the time.  Without fear, 
PvP will mean vulnerability due to low HP as with mage compounded by 
Lich line throwing away more HP to get mana regen.

Wizard.  No snare till 29 or 34 or something.. so no snare.  Grouping 
doesn't seem likely.  Nuke and root tactics, then.  This never struck me 
as all that effective in PvE, but versus players, all of whom are likely 
to have some kind of ranged attack, even less so.  Another low HP class 
anyway.

Enchanter.  Pet at level one.  Fear but no snare... and I suspect fear 
useless against PCs.  Mez.. .is that usable on PCs?  Won't be able to 
charm for quite a while, that could be effective though, charmed pets 
are unreasonably powerful and even if you manage to kill someone who had 
one, the pet will probably still come after you, unlike real pets which 
poof on owner death.  Fairly weak class at low levels though, and always 
better in a group than solo... will people group on Discord?

Beastlord.  No pet till 9, no spells till 9, don't even get paladin/SK 
type special abilities.  Basically poorly put together monks till 9, 
only without the weight limitations.  Post 9 might be decent, if you can 
live that long.

Monks.  Hmm, one advantage, they don't really need gear as much as most 
classes, and the kind of gear you -can- get easily at low levels they 
can wear; cloth.  Since what they do own is relatively valueless, maybe 
they won't get picked on as much by bandits.  On the other hand, being 
easy targets, perhaps the PK point people will especially hunt them down.

Rangers.  MMmmm.  Won't suffer from lack of plate since plate won't be 
very available.  Cloth and leather they can wear just fine, and I bet 
most people will be wearing the same.  Track from level one, a much more 
useful ability than HT or LOH; use it to find prey (which is scarce at 
the low end with all the competition), to avoid scary mobs (which means 
you can hunt low level mobs in higher level areas more safely) to hunt 
specific gear/quest item dropping mobs, and later to hunt Live prey; 
your fellow players, which is after all the point of the server. 
Finding low level players, avoiding high level ones... pretty handy. 
The other two track classes get their skill at 20 and 35 respectively, 
making them effectively non players in most of the server's short life 
as I forsee it.  Should be as strong as warriors in actual combat pre 
9th, and then get nice tools like snare and a tiny heal... since they 
seem more likely than most to actually live long enough to see this 
level, interesting.

Bards.  Hmm, songs.  COD, Str buff, Jig (what -does- jig do now?) corpse 
locator, Selos.  Boom, selos before PK levels.  Ability to move much 
faster than everyone else, who won't have SOW access till 9th (shaman) 
or 14th (druid) or 30 (ranger, beastlord) unless they can find someone 
to cast it on them.  Level 6, healsong.  Running regen and DOT and the 
ability to get away from a fight at will unless snared or rooted, seems 
like a hot combination.  Lack of melee skills shouldn't hurt much at low 
levels, more or less on par with all other melee classes.

Shaman.  Inner fire best heal in game at low levels.  No slow or haste 
or regen till pretty far along.  Most low levels spells ho hum, although 
any kind of healing is powerful, their low level buffs have no practical 
effect.  No pet till 34 (some charms in the 20s, but for very low level 
mobs), no canni till 20s.  Don't seem like real players.  Sow at level 
9, though, might make a difference if they live that long.  Flash of 
Light a big surprise tool if they manage to get it.

Cleric.  Healing about the same as other healing classes at low levels, 
buffs again uninspiring due to being so small, so what are we looking 
at?  Well, decent melee at low end, can wear pretty much any armor, and 
have stun to interrupt casters or to slow down melee a bit; stun and run 
should mean a clean getaway from a melee situation unless they are 
snared or their opponents are on selos/SOW.  Flash of Light available 
too.  And fear, if thats applicable in PvP; it certainly is in PvE if 
the cleric can find a snaring partner (will there be many partnerships?)

Druid.  Snare at an early level, very powerful tool.  Heals as good as 
anyone else's more or less (shaman best healer for mana efficiency, but 
not by a huge amount)  Nukes, dots, even melee, DS too I think.  Could 
be decent.

Did I forget anyone?

Splendid





