From 72000790997554011
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bb49e90574113324
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-30 08:06:34 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!snoopy.risq.qc.ca!chi1.webusenet.com!news.webusenet.com!cyclone1.gnilink.net!spamfinder.gnilink.net!nwrddc01.gnilink.net.POSTED!f7fccf0b!not-for-mail
From: "John Kievlan" <jodakim@attbi.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <kakv0vkr52d095gadtb20est2e52op70gg@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: dual classes?
Lines: 94
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Message-ID: <ea_P9.22314$ac.5749@nwrddc01.gnilink.net>
Date: Mon, 30 Dec 2002 16:06:34 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 4.62.88.224
X-Complaints-To: abuse@verizon.net
X-Trace: nwrddc01.gnilink.net 1041264394 4.62.88.224 (Mon, 30 Dec 2002 11:06:34 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 30 Dec 2002 11:06:34 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:254960

"Mike Allegretto" <mallgretto@stny.rr.com> wrote in message
news:kakv0vkr52d095gadtb20est2e52op70gg@4ax.com...
> can i have a necromancer/wizard?

Uhhh... nope.

Although... honestly, I have an idea for an EQ-like game that I think would
work better and be more fun and challenging to play (not that I'm
complaining of course, EQ is an awesome game :) ).

Every character should start out exactly the same, except for race.

You would be agnostic until you could curry enough favor with any one
deity's worshippers that they would offer you a church membership.  Perhaps
some quests to help with this.  Also, you could leave your church and repeat
the process to join another church, although worshippers of many deities
would become KOS to certain other religions, so you would be a bit limited
unless you took an extra step and joined a religion that would not make you
KOS to the one you want, then went on to your church of choice :)

As far as character profession, your profession would be based on what you
do, not what you pick at the beginning of the game.  Some spells would be
general spells, anyone can cast them, others, however, would be
deity-specific.  A warrior would simply train up the skills useful to a
warrior.  It would have to be more complex than auto-attack, possibly
fighting would involve the strategic use of various martial skills, almost
like an arcade game.  I hate to use that as an example for an EQ-like game
but that would prevent everyone from being both a caster and a warrior --
so, for example, a warrior could train various kicks, punches, blocks, and
strikes with the weapon of his choice (the strikes would be different for
each type of weapon) and use those in a fight.  The mechanics of the fight
would be more realistic, that is, he wouldn't just swing a weapon in a
predefined animation and do a randomly determined amount of damage, the
damage would actually be based on the skill in the fighter's technique --
Tekken-style, except that the stage would be the whole world instead of a
small arena, and you could fight first-person style as well as from any
other view.

There would have to be a system to prevent players from simply grabbing
every single profession to make the most powerful character possible, and I
would think it would be along the lines of a limited number of practice
points every level that could be spent in the discipline or disciplines of
your choice.  It would be possible to simply train many skills through use,
but this would be a very slow process, so although it would be possible to
become a "jack-of-all-trades" you would become more powerful and level
higher and faster by becoming a specialist in one or two professions.  Also,
as you leveled higher it would become more and more difficult and expensive
to become better at a profession other than your "major" profession, with
each less used profession being harder than the one above it for your
character.  While a character who is primarily a wizard could fight like a
warrior, he wouldn't be as good and he would find it far more difficult to
become skilled in the necessary disciplines.  And by level 50 or so, you
would no longer be able to train any profession other than your main
profession, so whatever your other skills were at the time is the way they
would remain.  On the other hand, your skill in your chosen profession would
be based more on your skills than on your level, so although you would no
longer be able to train your other professions, your ability to become a
great warrior/wizard/necromancer/assassin/druid/whatever would have very
high limits.

As a matter of fact, I almost think in a system like that it would be
possible to do away with the level system.  Your ability would be based on
skills you learn through training and quests, not because of your level.  I
would have to think it through, but I would think it would be possible to
get rid of the problem of having to exp-grind, camp, etc., in order to reap
the rewards of the game.  You would be able to spend your time doing the
"fun" things and actually become more powerful simply by doing fun stuff,
instead of becoming more powerful so you *can* do fun stuff.

Also, I've been toying with some AI routines that I think could
significantly improve the behavior of MOBs in an MMORPG.  Think of MOBs that
(in a limited way) actually behave like players.  They wander for a purpose,
instead of on predefined paths, they learn, you could actually bargain with
them for various things according to what they want or need, and they could
like or dislike you based on your personal actions toward them or their
friends, instead of simple faction stuff where every MOB of a particular
type will love you or hate you based on a simple in-game number.  Say, for
example, Player X attacks and kills the master of a certain trade guild.
Player Y stops by to chat with a certain guard whose trust he's already
earned by some small task or two, and the guard tells him about it and
comments that the guild would be highly pleased with him (he would get
rewards and some faction with each of the guild MOBs) if he were to go out
and kill Player X.  So Player Y goes and kills Player X and brings something
along the lines of a head or scalp or coat of arms of some sort to a guild
member and points out that he's done the guild a favor, so Mr.  guildmember
hands him some stuff and say something along the lines of, if we can ever do
you a favor in return, let us know.  In other words, they like him more now,
and for example he might be able to run into that guild if an NPC or other
player were after him and the guild would protect him.

Just some ideas... but unless I can work up the cash to start my own company
I doubt I'll ever see them in action... oh well :)




