From 4363455201410696230
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,efd275933cdd7df8
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-03-03 13:36:03 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newsfeed.news2me.com!newsfeed2.easynews.com!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews1
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Monual is an ungrateful little wretch
Date: Mon, 3 Mar 2003 15:16:05 -0600
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 112
Message-ID: <b40gln02sh3@enews1.newsguy.com>
References: <b3o7ia012kl@enews1.newsguy.com> <U%F8a.190$mA2.45419@newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-337.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:268846

"-Martin" wrote:
> "Richard Lawson" wrote:
> > We adopted a new dual-tank strategy, where half the
> > raid assisted one tank and half assisted another, helping
> > us to clear faster.
>
> Just curious... but how does half the guild assisting 1 tank,
> and the rest assisting another tank make it any faster than
> "the whole guild" assisting 1 tank on each mob?

I think there are two factors:  one practical, the other psychological.

From a practical perspective:  positioning for melee is easier if there are
less of you trying to crowd around a mob.  Hard to measure how much DPS is
lost when someone gets jostled out of the way and can't hit the mob, but I
think it's statistically significant.  If you have more space to move around
in, you can keep your attacks on the mob more consistently.  Also, there's a
problem with overnuking - three wizards landing a nuke with the mob at ten
percent, doing three times the necessary damage to kill it.  Far better to
have the nukes spread out so that you don't waste mana nuking an
already-dead mob.

From a psychological perspective:  too many people on one mob gives folks
less urgency.  What does it matter if I go afk for ten minutes if we have
all these people here to take care of the mobs?  By splitting the mobs and
making it clear how important it is to take these guys down fast, you have
more attention focused on the mobs and less inclination to stand around
doing nothing for five or twenty minutes.

> This person in question was 1 of few of his class raiding
> for a period of time, so for that duration he was constantly
> getting loot (a loot per week, and I mean high end ssra/vex
> stuff) - its easy to get attached to that level of rewards, but
> don't kid yourself it doesn't last.

That was probably a factor.  I've seen a clear pattern of officers awarding
new recruits fairly uber items to get their equipment up to spec quickly.  I
got a Shield of Ssra on my first raid as a full member.  One of my friends -
a beastlord - won a Tunic of the Void on one of *his* first raids as a
member of my guild.  I even told him, "I bet you get this," even as he was
commenting how unlikely it was that a new person would get such a nice BP.

So yeah, they probably showered me with stuff early on, then moved their
focus to other folks who need equipment upgrades badly.  I did maybe get
used to getting good drops quite frequently.  That was probably a factor.
But that didn't explain everything - I did see other, better-equipped
clerics win multiple drops during my drought.

As an aside, drought ended last night when we were doing some Tier 1 flags
to help our laggards and new recruits.  We killed Behemoth, and priest helm
dropped.  I sent in a tell - "I'll go in on it, but if anyone else wants it
I'll pass."  I was awarded it - mostly, I think, because I was the only
living priest within range of the corpse and the timer was running down.
(Long story there.)  So now I have a FT2 helm with some saves and 90
HP/MANA.  The best part is that it has no graphic.  =)  Now you can actually
see my hair.

> Its in their best interests to gear you up, along with every
> other active member of you're guild.  Sometimes people
> get overlooked, rightly or wrongly, Im sure as hell it isn't
> deliberate.

=)  We've got our eyes on Rallos Zek, maybe even this week.  We're probably
undergeared as compared to most other guilds that have killed him, but we
want to at least try and see how close we can get.  At the same time, we're
also talking about adding Seru to our farm list, since *no one* on our
server is killing him and he has some great drops, including that awesome 75
AC BP.  The more of his stuff we can put on our alliance members, the
better.

> Btw for you're "minor upgrade" I call bullshit...

You're not the only one.  =)  I guess I was thinking how great the Aten Ha
Ra necklace would be, and how this paled in comparision to *that*.  And I'm
still hankering for a Mana Preservation IV item, so an item that "only"
provides Mana Preservation on buffs seems gimp by camparison.  So I've
blinded myself to the fact that it's actually a really nice piece of gear.

> I agree somewhat, the 8th shawl is kindof a "wtf" moment..
> but if he had the merit, if he deserved most, why should he
> lose out because somebody who over the years put less
> into the guild, and subsequently had a lesser item?

Yeah, point.  As I said, he deserved it.  And there's nothing preventing me
from farming for the Eighth Shawl myself other than my own laziness.

> 1 thing I've learnt, snubbing loot, and pinning all you're
> hopes on 1 rare ass item (and not getting anything for
> months in the process) doesn't benefit or progress you're
> character anywhere like the above method would.

Yeah, I think I learned that lesson in VT.  Some cleric-only arms dropped,
and they were awesome - Karn's Armplates of Retribution, AC 35 WIS 15  HP 80
MANA 110  Effect: Mark of Retaliation.  I don't even have MoR2 yet.  I
debated internally, then decided not to go in on them because we were *so*
close to Aten Ha Ra and I didn't want to lose out on a chance on something
like the Mail o' Judgement.  Of course, nothing I could justify going in on
dropped, and I was left with nothing but regrets.  Next time, I'll go in on
the good stuff and not worry about getting the really really uber stuff.

Thanks for the feedback, Martin.  =)


--
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Archon of Rodcet Nife
Winter's Light
Drinal server




