From 3553452649208738363
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a81167bdcbb8586d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-16 04:24:41 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-05!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: resists
Date: Mon, 16 Sep 2002 07:15:36 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3D85BD58.D35703D8@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.79 [en] (Windows NT 5.0; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <0Xdh9.10435$Ee4.27466@news-server.bigpond.net.au>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 60
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:231096

Acrylia Mining Corporation wrote:
> 
> I play a druid and a monk, and I've noticed that, since the resistance rules
> patch, I've been struggling whenever dealing with any form of caster; I had
> one blue guy take me from full health to 20% with 1 spell (cold based and my
> druid's resistance was 54) and so I've been happilly levelling by hitting
> dire wolves and craig li.

Yes, with the resistance changes, you have to adjust your play style a
bit in some cases. If you're going to two box a druid and monk and hunt
casters, don't you treehuggers get some sort of fear spell? Or is that
just on animals. I don't remember now. Anyway, you'll want to find a way
to increase your resists or fear/interrupt the casters, or just focus
more on straight melee type mobs.

> Anyway, I've been thinking about going on a vox or nagafen raid while i
> still can, but again and again i hear that your resists having to be over a
> hundred unbuffed to be able to go on such a raid. 

You don't need a hundred unbuffed on naggy vox. Helps a lot on Kunark
dragons and above, but with fifties or sixties resists, providing your
raid leader has a good buff chain set up, you should be ok for Naggy and
Vox. A good buff team can still get you well into the 100's.

> I could toss away all my
> wisdom gear and get that if i spend the next few months saving for it, or i
> can forget all about it and go straight to level 60. Is that what everyone
> else does? is that 100+ unbuffed a myth?

You won't have to save up for months to get much better resists. I
recently upgraded my resist gear kit for raids in the bazaar and got a
huge improvement very cheaply. Thing is, a lot of the good resist gear
has total crap for other stats, so it doesn't sell very well. Yes, you'l
give up a bunch of your WIS for that one fight, just like I give up a
lot of my INT for such fights. But it's no big deal. For most of those,
it will be over before you can blow a bar of mana anyway. And if not,
there's always mod rods and clerics. ;-)

Just go to the bazaar and do a search narrowing it down to your class
and race, and search on the resists you want (e.g. Fire, Magic, etc.)
Look over what's avaialble for various slots compared to what you have
now.  The examples are too numerous to look up and list, but for well
under 1 KPP I'm betting you could drive your unbuffed Fire and Magic
resists up by forty or more. I know I did.

> I noticed that high resists are easy for warrior types but seem impossible
> to a monk without having gone raiding already; to raid you must have already
> raided before the patch? And do i really have to lose 100 wisdom to wear the
> resist gear verant seems to believe everyone should have? Or was that the
> idea? By nerfing resistances, it's harder to level, and only uber looters in
> uberguilds can have the resists and the wisdom/int/ac to go on raids?

Not at all. See above. You can get suitable resist gear for your level
pretty cheaply. You want your high WIS primarily for day to day xp work
and soloing. You can afford to cough some up to stay alive during a
short fight against some bastard with really nasty AoE spells. Most mobs
you'll encounter in day to day hunting wont' ever require those levels
of resist gear, so back in the bag it goes.
-- 
"Would you care for a sammich?"


