From 3210917054619352094
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6a6a9ef4922d48ed
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-07 03:01:33 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!rb_usenet
From: rb_usenet@blueyonder.co.uk (Richard Burge)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Looking for necromancer advice, please
Date: Fri, 7 Sep 2001 11:01:19 +0000
Organization: very little
Message-ID: <1ezd15d.11j5jk71r7kocuN%rb_usenet@blueyonder.co.uk>
References: <3b97992c.4757036@news.crvlls1.or.home.com>
User-Agent: MacSOUP/2.4.6
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 64
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:115741

<tortugula@yahoo.com> wrote:

Haven't played my necro in a while, and he's only 18, but here goes:

> 1)  What spells do you have memorized when you solo?

Er, lots of DoTs, basically. And fear, lifetap, the undead root and
nukes if I'm fighting them...


> 2)  What spells do you have memorized when you group?

That depends. If its a dynamic duo, probably the same sort of stuff I'd
have soloing - try fear kiting with a rogue, they love free backstabs.
If its a full group sitting at a camp, tactics have to change. As soon
as you are in a big group, everyone should be assisting the main
tank/puller/whatever so you all stay on one target. Now six people
whacking on one mob might take it down too fast for any DoTs you stick
on it to be efficient. You really need to look at the makeup of the
group and the stuff you're fighting and decide what role you need to
fill in - you're quite versatile, jack of all trades like a druid or
bard. A good tactic is lifetapping the main target and transferring your
health to whoever, so you're doing DD (not a waste of mana like a DoT
that doesn't have time to do its work) and backup healing. If you're
fighting a target that'll take a long time to go down, then you should
DoT. If you have an enchanter with you, never DoT anything but the main
target or you'll prevent stuff from being mezzed. If there's no
enchanter and crowd control consists of root-parking, you may want to
chuck a few dots on the next target in line in order to soften it up for
when the tanks have finished with whatever they're on now (beware of
root breaking and getting aggroed yourself though).


> 3)  What is a good use for the harmshield spell?

Being a Shadowknight. Seriously, you shouldn't be meleeing, so you
shouldn't be getting hit, so consign that one to the back of the
spellbook.


> 4)  How and when do you use the feign death spell?  I've read that if
> you get the message "xxx has fallen to the ground", it has failed.  Is
> this correct?  Also, is it true that if you have DoTed the mob, it
> will still come after you even if you successfully cast the spell?

Pretty much. Feigning does have a chance of clearing the aggro list
after you get up, so if you're getting beaten on while grouped or when
you have a pet up (basically if you're not the only thing pulling
aggro), you may convince the mob to switch targets by repeatedly
feigning.


> 5)  If you unload all your DoTs, is the sufficient for outdamaging
> your pet?  If I really want the full exp, I will also lifetap like
> crazy in hopes of doing the most damage.

That depends if you do more damage with them - which depends on resists,
the mobs hp (which will decide whether the dots have time to work before
Jobober just beats the thing to death), whether you have a good or
well-armed pet, etc. I really don't worry about it too much - if you
don't have to unload all your mana in an effort to claw back the xp your
pet is getting, you have more mana left for another pull and could
probably kill 2 mobs in the same time (including downtime medding) as if
you'd nuked the crap out of 1, so it all evens out.


