From 342759423094453829
X-Google-Thread: fb739,28e5ab08845d17f6,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 19 Dec 2007 09:21:24 -0600
Date: Wed, 19 Dec 2007 10:21:23 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 2.0.0.9 (Windows/20071031)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Fun with Zlandicar
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <mtidndFHTOVpq_TanZ2dnUVZ_gidnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 110
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.25.88
X-Trace: sv3-V6mfUrtPigVNkgSnPbA9Cje438rLfi5BhRaGxyL48u7Y/NECR77gtIFSF3AsDeJjf1CUPNe+ct5IpvM!Fhy0tn+vHoZde5GNQEM/y3tox6Gvb6qKoRz1Xc7IBKJACPX3w2z7rcifb+TdYvlhJ98RdHV4gaUo!uKdNSfuvcA==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.37
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:12422

So this is a sad tale.

For many months my SK has longed for a slow proccing weapon.  I solo or 
duo with a mage or cleric, or trio with all three, fairly often, and the 
one thing we're really missing is Slow (haste clicky, single pulls to 
avoid needing CC...)

There's an item a guildmate has that procs a slow but its only about 
10%, really more of an aggro producer than anything noticable.  I was 
excited when I saw it drop, but when I read up on it, I dismissed it as 
not worth the time spent weilding it to make it proc.

Very recently, though, I was grumbling about that to a ranger friend, 
and he told me of Willsapper, a drop off a named rat in DN; said it was 
on a 3.5 day timer and spawns between the two hoarders near the 
Zlandicar spawn.  I knew vaguely of this weapon but for some reason 
thought it was warrior/rogue only.  Well, a little research confirmed 
that it was actually 35% slow and had a 3 minute duration, so certainly 
worth my while.  Cursory glance over the comments (most of them arguing 
about which class should use the thing, its useable by all but cleric 
druid monk and berserker) confirmed that the rat Vaniki does spawn near 
Zlandicar.

SO begins an epic journey.  I have two accounts, one with my SK and a 20 
ranger, one with a 70 cleric and a 24 ranger.  I took the SK over to DN 
first, ran in and found the setup spot as described by my buddy. 
Nothing up.  Then I logged him out, logged in cleric and ranger, took 
both to SG, dueled the ranger to death and dragged his body to the WW 
zone line, rezzed him, and went off to DN.  In DN, killed the ranger 
again and tried to drag him to the spot, only to discover the cleric 
wasn't able to do that so easily, tripped a trap that broke invis and 
spawned adds... well anyway, SK drags the cleric back to the zone in, 
cleric comes back and rezzes himself and the ranger. (which means 
logging the SK in for drag, then the ranger in for rez.. barely made the 
timer)

This time we have the ranger kill himself on a local mob, so the body 
will be rezzable longer, and SK and cleric go invis/fight their way back 
to the spot.  Log the SK out, the ranger in, rez ranger.  SK back in, I 
spend a couple hours killing stuff in the area, but then get the ranger 
back up and there he sits for a day and a half, with me occaisionally 
hittin the track button to check the area, or just really AFK but 
figuring at least I'll be able to read the signs of a fight if someone 
comes in and kills the mob while I'm asleep.

Next day I play my cleric some while keeping the ranger on station, but 
then there's a raid, I log the ranger out, and SK abandons the area to 
attend the raid, I can't have my cleric there to check either, because 
my son is using that machine for his mage.  I spot check a couple times 
but nothing is up when I check, its very possible though that my mob 
pops and is killed and the area is clear again in the hours between checks.

I get the ranger back on that evening, and again leave him overnight. 
 From that point on I maintain a constant presence.  My son's laptop 
finally really dies, so I give him the one I've been using to dual box, 
and get a new one, which means spending much of monday evening setting 
that up and most of Tuesday getting EQ loaded on it.  I borrow the 
laptop back when a friend's cleric has some spare time, and we get the 
second ranger dragged down and rezzed in the same spot, just in time for 
the Tuesday night raid, and I get the new laptop running EQ in time to 
attend the raid with my SK while leaving ranger #2 on station, and my 
son brings his mage to the raid on the old laptop.

So I manage to never lose that watchful eye on the spawn.  Sleep the 
night away, come back to find Vilefang has been in the area but is no 
longer.  Well I play around some fixing the new laptop's EQ UI 
arrangement, have to log off at one point, and when I log back in a 
couple minutes later, Zlandicar is on track.  I run the SK back over in 
a hurry, pausing to kill Vilefang who for some reason is near the ST key 
hand in spot, although its been many hours since my ranger heard him 
cast, someone must have pulled him towards the exit and then died or 
lost him and didn't bother coming back to finish him off.

At any rate, I'm not there for more than a couple minutes, buffing up, 
when a 15 minute warning comes, servers going down!

I engage immediately, and it takes me a good 11 minutes to take 
Zlandicar down solo.  I loot everything he drops except the no drop 
talisman, I log out, log the ranger in who comes and loots that with 
less than a minute to spare.

IF there are no rollbacks, at least I have the Zlandicar loots to show 
for my efforts.

So why is this a sad tale?  Because I don't really care about the 
Zlandicar loots, its Vaniki I wanted... and taking the time to read over 
the Vaniki postings more thouroughly, I find he doesn't spawn, as I was 
told, every 3.5 days in that one spot near Zlandicar, but rather in any 
of 4 spots around the area, and in any spot has a chance of showing 
every 4-6 hours.  My ranger was in range of perhaps two of these at best 
(at his level his track skill caps at 105), and was in "hearing" range 
of any spell casting of only one, if the mob actually buffs himself at all.

Now I should mention that not only did I intend to camp this guy for my 
SK, but also to lock down his timer so other people in my guild could 
come and spend only a couple hours to get him for themselves, each time 
he pops.  We have a good many people who could benefit from this weapon. 
  So, when they announced the patch I was upset because it was messing 
up my timer... only now I find I wasted all that time because there's an 
entirely different timer anyway!

I also think I see a spot where my ranger might be in track range of all 
four spawns... and its back out of the rat tunnels, no need to do the 
whole death drag thing at all, simple invis will get him there.  Sadly, 
both rangers are now in deep, and getting them out will require gating 
them home or killing and rezzing them or some such solution!

On the plus side, I will now be able to key my cleric for ST, so I can 
bot him in there if someone wants to do a little mini raiding to get 
some avatar proccing weaponry into the hands of the guild.


