From -6457754144537124132
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b93bd29aae82b94d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-10 03:38:15 PST
Message-ID: <3c3d7cc1@itsawnews.its.rmit.edu.au>
From: A Shelton <ashelton@yallara.cs.rmit.edu.au>
Subject: Building a raid capable guild...
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
User-Agent: tin/1.4.5-20010409 ("One More Nightmare") (UNIX) (SunOS/5.6 (sun4u))
NNTP-Posting-Host: yallara.cs.rmit.edu.au
Date: 10 Jan 2002 22:36:33 +1100
X-Trace: itsawnews.its.rmit.edu.au 1010662593 yallara.cs.rmit.edu.au (10 Jan 2002 22:36:33 +1100)
Lines: 134
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news1.optus.net.au!optus!newshub1.rdc1.nsw.optushome.com.au!harbinger.cc.monash.edu.au!vrn.edu.au!131.170.8.40.MISMATCH!itsawnews.its.rmit.edu.au!not-for-mail
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:155198

Greetings all.

I've been playing EQ for a while now (though I still count as a lowbie) and
joined a guild because they offered and I was curious. They're a bizarre
mix of levels, classes and aims. However some of them, especially the
fast levellers, want to be able to do raids. However we don't seem to
have any `raid leader' types amongst us. I did a google search for info,
but the main response was `join a successful guild' which is, admittedly,
pretty solid advice. And if the guild doesn't set an aim towards being
raid capable they almost certainly will follow it and be lost to us.

As a thought experiment could one the more experienced gamers imagine
themselves as being a hired consultant for a raid. Not a top end one,
but something you need to be serious about, say the lesser dragons and
epic mobs. As a consultant you don't have immense faith in the abilities
or gear of the players and you don't have to be polite about it. However
you are expected to make the go / no go decision and arrange the
available resources into the best groups possible with the orders they
should follow. Getting them wiped out looks a bit bad (barring them 
doing something inordinately dumb) while a messy CR is much worse.

As you look over the assembled man power what are the things you need
to form a raid that has a decent chance of winning. They're not uber
equipped and they're all green so by all means err on the side of
safety. Assume they can get any class and level if needed, but the more
flexibility in level and class the more likely you are to get it.

As an example (and my best guess)

You want one primary tank group. They need to have a high level
warrior with decent gear, equipment maximized for agro generation, AC
and HP. If he's over 55 with disc:defensive that's good too. Since
he may go down I'll assume you want some secondary tanks, warriors
again, but not so demanding on gear and level. Although the maximum
level you can take on the lesser dragons is 52 right?

There has to be at least one cleric in the group to watch the health bars,
though two would be better...as long as they can work together. Perhaps
one secondary doing opportunity heals and one doing nothing but watching
the MT.

Since this group aims to handle / generate high agro we can also slip some
people who don't want agro under any condition. I believe a slowing
shaman and an enchanter fall under this...but given three tanks and
two clerics there's only a spot left. Boils down to a questions of
whether slow or mez are most usable...if at all.

	Main Tank Group
	-----------------
	Need L55+ Warrior
	Need L50+ Cleric
	Want L40+ Warrior
	Want L40+ Warrior
	Want L40+ Shaman

Then you get the melee add group. They can be filled with a cleric to
watch health and any combination of rogues, monks, warriors, Rangers,
Melee hybrids in roughly that order. Monks are also great pullers,
so you probably want at least one high level. Good at CR and surviving
wipe outs as well. Their main job is to do as much melee damage as
they can without becoming the main tank group...for a little while.

	Melee Damage Group
	------------------
	Need L40+ Cleric
	Want L40+ Monk
	Like <melee char>
	Like <melee char>
	Like <melee char>
	Like <melee char>

Then you get the support and nukem group. Wizards and druids make 
gathering people possible. More clerics are good, as are enchanters
and shaman for quicker buffing pre-combat. Necro's and Mages have
some specialty abilities but otherwise act as micro wizards if they
cast at all. Oh, you probably want another cleric here, if you have
one.

	Caster Group
	------------
	Want L40+ Wizard
	Want L40+ Druid
	Want L40+ Cleric
	Like <nuker or buffer>
	Like <nuker or buffer>
	Like <nuker or buffer>

Hm, this sort of looks like the high aggro group right here. And it
has all our port capability in it. Do you tell these guys to go easy
until there's lots of aggro on the tank group?

I know you want bards for resistances against foes with AoE attacks.
Their other songs are great too, but I suspect the chance of them
getting munched is pretty good if they get carried away with it.
I guess it would be nice to have some high level bards around should
you need it, especially for the melee groups.

I believe pets are considered a negative factor, especially against
dragon fear, but i've never seen this in action. So I guess you slap
and mage, necro, SK or BM who wants to summon a pet.

A camped out high level cleric, with epic, is great to speed up 
recoveries and avoid messy CR's. Course if we had someone like that
he'd probably be main healer. So lets say a camped out cleric with
a decent Res is the best we can get.

Evac? have a high level wizard or druid in each group to handle this?
That's a decent number of high level wizards or druids and makes the
number of `active' spots in each group much smaller. 

Corrections? I realise it's much more complex than this, and the nature
of the raid is going to cause a lot of variance in parties, but is this
a reasonable basis? Certainly it looks like as long as you have the 
numbers and levels, a high level main tank and a decent number of high
level clerics you can make a, seemingly, powerful group.

Any advice we can use in training up / retaining the raw materials of
a raid capable guild would be very helpful. For instance convincing the
large number of magicians we have to do something about the shortage 
of clerics we have.

Oh yeah, item advice...or numbers, would be good too. Of course one
of the reasons we would want to be raid capable is to get the
experience and equipment we would need to progress further. The
posts i've read emphasise AC, HP and resists as the ones to go for.

Oh, and no flames for me being green...I know :)

-- 
--------------+ (Goddamn windows shareware & clueless IT jerks).
Apparently I'm insane, but I'm one of the happy kinds. (dilbert)

Also responsible for the Anime Meta-Review page (600+ reviews).
http://www.serc.rmit.edu.au/~ashelton/anime/


