From 3866157325480202822
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bee687a4323245cc
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-30 12:42:35 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Dream King <morpheus@cent.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Monk pulling
Date: Fri, 30 May 2003 15:47:11 -0700
Organization: Advanced Concepts
Message-ID: <hcmfdvko4kgoair2e29dlmo605aloap7jt@4ax.com>
Reply-To: morpheus@cent.com
References: <bb51mk$6iq$1@lust.ihug.co.nz>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.92/32.572
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 55
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:285353

"Phil" <dannyleenospam@ihug.co.nz> wrote:

>I have a 62 Iksar monk and I would like to learn pulling techniques, pathing
>etc for the higher end zones.
>In particular Ntov, Halls of Testing, Ssra and PoP zones. Are there any
>links around for maps/tricks/tips?
>I know this NG has some uber monks, so what better place could I start my
>search?


 hughes mentioned most of them. I'd say the one about trying different
angles is the most important in PoP zones. A lot of times, say for
example you pull 2 mobs, both will go back at the same time when you
feign. By using different angles you can usually make one take a
slightly different path and give you the time to split them properly.
I've also discovered range does ply a part. Usually the farther away
from the spawn points you run the harder it is to split. A good example
of this that I can think of is getting the named split from the two cats
in Mith Marrs room although that's probably not something you can test
at the moment I'd guess. Anyway, this is a pull where both angle and
range is important and turns a shitty pull into an easy pull. Unless
feign fails, that is.

 Casters... Non-PoP remember that in 99% of the cases, mobs need Line of
Sight on you in an indoor zone to begin (not land) casting on you. I'm
guessing SOE changed this because they also didn't like people using
walls to block AE. So PoP walls aren't like they are in zones in
previous expansions.  So experiemnt with this. It's an easy way to split
two mobs, especially if one is a caster. The caster will usually start
casting while the other chases you. Simply run around a corner, wait for
the spell to hit, then feign. Having someone to tag works well. Usually
you can see the other mob resetting by changing camera. Thus leading to:

 Alternate camera angles. Get used to swinging the camera and navigating
while not in first-person view. I have found this to be invaluable when
pulling fairly long distances. Especially in areas where mobs warp. You
can be running and still see behind you seeing how many you have, if any
add, etc. Not really useful in areas where you're turning a lot of
corners but very useful in the others.

 Basically just try it a few times and don't care about dying. If dying
and losing a pixel or two of XP bothers you, being a puller is not for
you. It's something that comes in time.

 I guess my final bit of advice at the moment is learn patience. You
don't have to pull a mob back everytime. Don't be afraid of feigning off
a bad pull and going back to your group or raid for a heal if needed.
Some pulls you need to work at for a few minutes to get them split.
Other times splitting mobs is a waste of time. Know what your guild is
capable of handling. Sometimes it's more efficient to pull both those
mobs back instead of spending the time to split them. Particularly
important in areas with fast repops that you need to make it through. 

 Pulling isn't about bringing one mob at a time it's about learning to
not pull more mobs than you can handle.


