From 4307595315563502557
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9673ee92c309c531
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-22 07:04:30 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!cox.net!news2.east.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Dark Elf Cleric - advice needed
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.net
Message-ID: <gp08cuc6sru30idj0hu8lqkgut0aq1ujc2@4ax.com>
References: <TLRw8.8559$d7.2636222@newssrv26.news.prodigy.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.91/32.564
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 313
Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2002 14:04:29 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.13.34.245
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news2.east.cox.net 1019484269 68.13.34.245 (Mon, 22 Apr 2002 10:04:29 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 22 Apr 2002 10:04:29 EDT
Organization: Cox Communications
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:188740

On Mon, 22 Apr 2002 10:39:47 GMT, "Jobu2047" <no@no.com> wrote:

>Just wondering if it's ok to hunt the Orcs in the commons and the dervs in
>Ro as a DE Cleric.  Never played an evil character before and I wanted to
>make sure that I'm not screwing myself faction-wise.  I know that the
>Crushbone Orcs are on the indigo brotherhood faction, that's why I'm asking.

Kill commons orcs to your hearts content along with the three new orc
camps in nek forest. They all raise good factions and only lower
deathfist orcs.

Even indigo brotherhood is not a big deal. It is only the warrior
guild in Neriak, as far as I know. As long as you don't plan to enter
into it in particular it doesn't matter.

Don't kill those low ogres on that island in Timorous, because they
lower venril sathir which is Overthere faction. Overthere is nice for
an evil race cleric ;) Its great xp eventually in the 30's and 40's
and you don't need to worry about the guards who run around. That
chief ogre on the island in timorous is factionless, otherwise its
bad. If you feel like it with a partner, some of the bandit islands in
timorous are fun since they raise Firiona vie faction.

Dervishes are themselves and I think two vendors. The major vendor on
it is Murrissa Sandwicher(or something like that) outside of East
freep in NRO. As a low dark elf cleric I liked to not kill dervs so I
could still buy water from her before I bothered to raise my coalition
of tradefolk factions. Even after you do raise coalition, nearly half
the vendors in the commons (east and west) are on commons residents,
which raises VERY SLOWLY on orcs. You will be allied to the freeport
north paladins guild before you get commons residents to just
apprehensive. Killing just a few dervishes gets you apprehensive to
murrissa quite fast, then it gets worse from there. I also found it
very nice to keep her sellable because she is a great source of newbie
sold bone chips and beetle eyes for that quest in EAST freeport sewer
with dismal rage.

The dismal rage quest in the East freeport sewer is great when low for
anyone who could do it. You get instructions when hailing Xelha, who
is a human necro in a red robe. You get down there by facing the east
freeport guards from the outside then going to your left and through
the illusionary wall behind that tent thing, then you twist down and
around following the right wall. When it opens up again, you go
straight into the hall infront of you. 
Its best to do it a lot before you are really bothering to kill orcs,
since it lowers some of the factions that killing orcs raises. Besides
raising dismal rage and opal darkbriar, which really start high enough
for a dark elf cleric of inny, it gives very good xp when low. At
first you can only turn in 4 bone chips at a time to her (or 4 stacks
of 4 in all the trade slots) then later when you are amiable you can
turn in spiderling silks or fire beetle eyes. Unlimited fire beetle
eyes are sold at the last middle inn in East commons, by the west
commons border (from an erud lady) However, if you manage to get fire
beetle eyes to show by buying out a couple stacks of murrissa's other
cheap crap (in nro, just outside of east freeport) its a much shorter
trip to first buy out all she has. A bit after a patch she gets pretty
full of them from players who sell them to her.

If I remember right the other vendor on derv faction is the lady just
inside EC, from west freeport. As you leave west freeport she is in
the first hut on your right. 


>Are there any other places/mobs I should avoid that will eventually get me
>KoS in my own city?  Any other tips for playing a DE would be greatly
>appreciated.

As a dark elf there is not much you have to worry about as far as
neriak faction except the wholesale slaughter of other dark elves.
Indigo brotherhood is very, very hard to raise through kills for non
dark elves (much wood elf in timorous slaying, basically.. for eons)
and in turn its pretty hard to lower too far for a dark elf just from
killing CB orcs (if you even care about the faction)

In fact you can merrily do this if sometimes when home you simply do
this quest:

http://everquest.allakhazam.com/db/quest.html?quest=167&mid=101916121399888

Halfling cap turn in to the indigo warrior guild. Those halflings in
nektulous (now there are even more of them! ;) ) are a lost cause to a
def cleric since even in halfling form you will still be kos to the
halfling cleric guild. Since you also have no ability to self invis,
except through a potion -so you can't even enter rivervale from the
kithikor side  it means that its not really worth trying to raise
halfling faction. Killing the halflings only hurts halfling factions
anyway, most of which you started out KOS to anyway.
If you decide to do this I'd be careful about avoiding some of the
humans in armor you now see in Nek woods, they lower rodcet nife type
factions like the qeynos paladin and cleric guild. This is not a good
idea if you plan to raise qeynos factions for the aegis quest (pretty
easy to do actually.)

 Doing the halfling cap turn in some times should more than balance
going nutty in CB on orcs, you don't take the same hit on an outside
group which lowers a faction as when you kill a member of that SAME
group which lowers its OWN faction. So killing cb orcs, who are on CB
orc faction an only lower indigo as a side faction,  is not going to
make much diff while killing dark elves ON indigo brotherhood faction
would. My dark elf cleric of inny is a smith and used to kill the elf
and dwarf slaves in CB for blood. I killed a bunch of orcs here and
there in there at the same time while bored, and still was amiable
when I got back to neriak. In fact, later I killed Dorn in nro and
Kizden in WC (dark elves, one who lowers indigo and one the dead) in
order to raise primordial malice (a quest givers/trainers faction of
some dark elves who split from neriak and were in rathe mountains..
then stupid verant removed them since their quests were broke and have
not fixed/put them back in yet) I killed dorn and Kiz A LOT, gating
back to one end to make it faster. By the time I killed dorn, then
gix, then returned to dorn he was up again (and the reverse, with
jboots on also ;)  ) I stopped when dorn and gix got down to
apprehensive at which point when returning to rathe mtns I found I was
amiable to Primordial Malice and able to do their quests (which I then
found ALL TO BE BROKEN, THNX LA~ VERANT!)

Ah, verfied from Allakhazams:

Dorn B`Dynn in NRO  is on indigo, killing him lowers that
Kizden in WC is on the dead, killing him lowers that.

So using either of those to check faction, indigo for instance with
dorn, is a good way to know where you are at before going into neriak.
So what you could do if you feel like raising elfland factions is bind
in gfay somewhere, or get bound, kill orcs like crazy in CB,
occasionally buy a port to nro from a bored wizard and check dorn's
faction. Again though, you don't bump into other dark elves or such on
indigo brotherhood except in the guild itself in neriak.

Okay I just did more research and:

http://eqbeastiary.allakhazam.com/search.shtml?faction=80&mid=101675453885979

"There is a warrior faction questgiver, but he's only maybe mid teens
in level. He won't agro you once he's turned green by a few levels. 

There are no guards in commons that are warrior or other guild. Right
outside of the Spurned Guildhouse (chanter, mage, wizzie), is a necro
"spy" on the dead faction. 

In 3rd gate, most guards are either on cleric or dead faction. travel
though this zone will require working up those two factions. Of note,
moving past the neon curtain at the entrance to the zone will most
often cause agro in the cleric guildmaster, unless you're faction is
ok.
 
Moraganth"

it appears that outside of that one guy no one is on indigo in neriak
except the people at the warrior guild itself. So you could just
simply not care about it and be fine.


Generally, some other stuff to watch out for as a dark elf cleric is:

I'd not kill any ring druids if you plan to get druid ports and not
need an invis. My dark elf cleric never did and just got the jagged
pine druids (nk and ek rings) to amiable via killing gnolls and doing
quests in wolf or halfling form in surefall. I'm now working on making
the rangers there also non kos, doing this with a combo of the jagged
pine quests away from the rangers I can do (Im 39 level and krystal
aspen sometimes chases me but I easy avoid her, seems about holly
windstalker power) I'm still dubious in halfling or wolf form,
threaten in dark elf form to the rangers so I have a bit to go. Its
nice to get a port to nk though and be amiable to the druids and
Treants (they are also on jagged pine, careful though, I believe that
Xanasus or that withered one in NK by the zone wall past the wooden
bridge are on stormreapers (halflign druid faction) or karana
residents, they chase me = (  along with those fabulous five werewolf
hunters who were on karana residents, THAT WAS A FUN RUN AWAY ;)   )

A kinda fun quest I'm doing in surefall now is the nitrates one, its a
bit of a run but you can do it at amiable and its a few pluses to
protecters. You give Lindaya sowlin in WK a note, it spawns some
unkempt druid guy (they also raise jagged pine) and you kill him and
get a note from him. you ASK (don't give, and NO they've not fixed
Qeynos or WK yet as far as npcs giving you back stuff they don't
need.. found it out when giving the wrong one the note) Sowlin about
note, like "what note?",  and she says to give it to gereal (the guy
you got the quest from in surefall) you do then HE gives you it back
to give to captain tillian in Qeynos (qeynos guards faction) then it
spawns and unkempt druid by the lions mane inn near the docks and you
kill him to raise jagged pine again then get a wood chip from him. The
chip raises protectors as does the note back to gereal in surefall
(chip goes to him too) The guy drops a black wood chip EVERYTIME now,
though I guess from perusing allakhazams this was broken once.

I'm doing it to just be totally non kos in surefall for when i get a
druid port to there. Its kind of a hobby.
If you are not worried about being kos at those few druid rings (the
vendors at the rings are ALWAYS on beta neutral, so you are non kos at
the vendor only druid rings), go nuts on the druids at them FYI:

The WC ring druids are on kithikor residents faction (verified this
with checking faction with both my dark elf cleric and wood elf druid
and knowing what their other druid/ranger factions are at)  This is
raised from killing the orcs in high hold pass. HOWEVER, killing these
guys DOES LOWER jagged pine druid faction. All these druid/ranger
types are in cahoots it seems. I was going to raise this faction also,
but found that even though those two are still blue to my 39 cleric
she can be ported into wc and they are far enough away they don't
aggro on her right away if she just doesn't loiter there.

Anyway, I digress. I found it worthwhile as a DEF cleric to not kill
dervishes. Now, you have MANY other choices besides just the commonds
orcs. In nek forest are 3 or camps which raise the same factions the
commons ones do, but are never camped. They don't drop deathfist belts
though, instead dropping newbie dark elf quest armor stuff.

This quest here as a dark elf cleric is worth doing as soon as you
can, though the lower parts are WAY harder now that ALL the halflings
are bunched up around master whoopall/dundens totem (they moved some
when they stuck some orcs in a camp there)

http://everquest.allakhazam.com/db/quest.html?quest=170

That last one is a snare neck thing, since its 7 ac 3 wis and 15 mana
with snare I still use it at 39 though I'm pretty twinked. Its just so
convenient. It impresses people when stuff is chasing them too,
"HELP!", stun/snare *giggle*. The halfling mask part of it can be done
everytime you return to nek woods and is fun, just kill dunden on the
totem until whoopall spawns and get his head to turn in for the one
use halfling form mask. 

Congrats on your cleric choice. For being an "evil" race you have some
of the best faction options and ease of raising them as many races. I
recently got totally non kos to all of qeynos (order of the three was
the last one.. finally raised that by using the one use halfling mask
then doing unsers call with all the TONS of materials I conveniently
bought from qeynos vendors which newbs had sold them:

http://everquest.allakhazam.com/db/quest.html?quest=534


Previous to that I raised paladin and cleric qeynos factions with bone
chips to lashun novashire out in front of qeynos (also raises guards),
killing gnolls,  then when I could I ran in (before I raised order of
the three.. watching out for the kos int casters) and did the paladin
guild bone chip quest which is FANTASTIC low level xp and better
faction raises. The paladin quest is from wolten grafe, who wanders
some, in south qeynos at their guild. When you can shop at the qeynos
merchants, you can find a couple hundred newbie sold bone chips at
vendors by buying out other things like stacks of snake skins or rat
whiskers (convenient because you save those for Unsars Call quest ;) )
until the slot is dry so when you refresh the vendor bone chips and
such might pop up. Between my dark elf buying chips in qeynos and my
wood elf druid buying them from the gfay newb lift vendor, I have so
many I have to make a mule twink just for bone chips storage (these
are always useful for faction/xp raising)

Earlier in life, after getting to level 14 fairly fast doing the
dismal rage quests from xelha in the east freeport sewer, I then
went nuts on orcs some more and did the first couple innoruk symbol
quests. Then when I was no longer kos to north freep paladins, I used
the one use halfling mask to buy cloth shirts from a vendor in the
east commons on commons residents. That is the only place to buy
"cloth shirts" around there (neriak sells "small" freeport sells none)
Quite a few cloth shirts later I was allied to North freep paladins
and FINALLY dubious to north freeport clerics. Some more shirts and I
was indiff to north freep clerics. That gives you a full cleric guild
that is more convenient to shop at for new spells, like the better
resurrects they put in, without having to run ALL the way into the
third neriak zone and across nek woods. 

The first step in a low dark elves outside neriak faction raising is
jenam and rebby quests:

http://everquest.allakhazam.com/db/quest.html?quest=612

http://everquest.allakhazam.com/db/quest.html?quest=613

Those can be done at the same time and raise freeport militia, both
tradesfolk factions AND naughty qeynos guards. By the time I got to
qeynos I was amiable to bad guards ;)  so that was one faction I did
not have to worry about. These quests are useful because my dark elf
smith had a far easier job of smithing banded in freeport than neriak.

My dark elf cleric of innoruk now only has rivervale, halas, gfay,
kaladim, akanon, felwithe and the qeynos sewers as KOS. Oh, and
firiona vie. I'm working on firiona vie though ;) Its a blanket
faction, covering that whole city, except for a few barbarians on the
dock who are easily avoided and on halas barb factions. You mainly
raise it by killing TONS o' goblins. I'm still kos in halfling form
there, but when not I can do some quests. Every other good city I not
only have good factions in but am allied to many. I think next I'll go
nuts in CB and raise some elf factions for the heck of it. I'll
probably keep gnomes and halflings KOS since there are no good ways to
raise them from kos really and those cities are not very great.
Problem is, I've killed so many wood elf types for ELF BLOOD
(adamantite plate smithing) that I'd be at max scowl to many elf
factions to start.

I've turned in 2,500 or so bone chips in a quest to raise Cabillis but
it seems that it will take something like 6,000 just to be non kos to
both of the crusader guards type factions (one is on scaled mystics or
something.. oddly enough) and then you can only raise necro factions
there by killing tons of iksar bandits. So I've kind of written
cabillis off.
This is interesting though:

http://pub13.ezboard.com/fpaladinsofnorrathtomesofknowledge.showMessage?topicID=42.topic

A dwarf paladins guide to cabillis faction raising. Quite a feat
really ;) 

So that is most of what I know about dark elf clerics and faction.
Have a fun time and remember that the halfling one use mask is your
friend and helps you out a lot. I'm so glad as a def cleric that line
of quests was put in. Now I just wish my druid had a quest for a one
use dark elf form mask =(  She missed the old guise by a period of
like 3 days = /

Email: dstephenatcoxdotnet
Find the @ and the . if you really need to.


