From 3317757750920395168
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,65d79606a16f67e,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-02-27 07:51:58 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!wn14feed!worldnet.att.net!204.127.198.203!attbi_feed3!attbi.com!sccrnsc04.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Freek" <soge99NOSPAM@yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: CIHYS ?
Lines: 139
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Message-ID: <xuq7a.255928$2H6.4536@sccrnsc04>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 12.249.0.125
X-Complaints-To: abuse@attbi.com
X-Trace: sccrnsc04 1046361117 12.249.0.125 (Thu, 27 Feb 2003 15:51:57 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 27 Feb 2003 15:51:57 GMT
Organization: AT&T Broadband
Date: Thu, 27 Feb 2003 15:51:57 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:267958

This is a pretty funny post from the Verant site.  EQ is great if you can
seperate Real life to EQ game time...something this poster finally figured
out

However, to those here, who just can't wait to play Everquest on a bright
Sunny weekend, every day,  well... You are a Loser, deal with it.. lol

http://boards.station.sony.com/ubb/everquest/Forum4/HTML/037399.html

I have cancelled all my Everquest accounts and cancelled my pre-orders of
LoY extension to EQ.
I have quit EQ before but have always come back after awhile. In those cases
though, I just went from EQ to another online game with the same problems.
This time I am NOT just transferring to another online game.

My Reasons.
-----------

I want to outline my reasons, as I know I will be asked, and also so they
are clear in my own mind.

These are in REVERSE order of importance. The first is least important the
last one listed the most.

1) EQ becomes Boring.
I have gotten high enough to see what the high end game is. It is constant
camping and waiting for monsters to spawn, some on very long timers
measuring in days. The experience grind gets worse and worse. You do the
same thing over and over for mind numbing hours. I have tried to avoid this
part of the game but I can see it is there big time.

I know HOW to play EQ very well. I have about 10,000pp in assets amongst my
different characters. I have a hydra of 5 characters I play at once. One of
the thrills of a game for me is learning new things and figuring out how to
play efficiently. I feel I have learnt enough in EQ.

I have beaten the game in my mind. I can stop now. I may come back someday
ad I do not know the future. But right now I have had enough EQ.

2) Level based game.
Hard to actually play with friends. Unless you are within the same level
range of a friend it is hard to play with them.

3) Poor quest system.
I love doing quests and completing them. Problem in EQ is when you get a
quest you have no idea if you can actually complete it not. Yes there are
numerous web site devoted to cheats for quests, but that takes the fun out
of the game. I love the Dark Age of Camelot quest system. If you get a quest
you know you can do it!

4) My Rude behavior.
No way to stop quickly or play for short periods. EQ requires you to set up
in an area and then play for an extended period there. It is very difficult
to pause to handle a Real Life interruption. This makes me rude and hard to
live with. Not a good thing.

5) EQ Demands commitment.
I recently helped a young friend to close out his EQ account. He had been
playing for about 7 months and it had gotten to the point that it was
ruining his relationship with his family. When he was in game giving away
his items it was mentioned he was finally quitting the game. Someone nearby
replied "I wish I could do that, I am so addicted". Then once he had given
away his last item his final words were "Maybe now I can get my life back".

EQ requires a commitment that many end up giving it. It sucks one of our
most precious resources from us.

TIME!

There are many things I would like to be doing with my time but I find
myself in EQ allot instead. Not good.

There are many other things I want to do with my time. Here are a few...

a) Family interactions. This has suffered due to my time on EQ.

b) Being creative. I have started writing a new game and I need time to work
on it.

c) Enjoying other recreations. There are many other games out that I want to
try. There are movies I would like to see. There are horse trails I want to
ride. All these things I have not done as I might have. EQ sucks my playtime
dry.

My future without Everquest.
----------------------------

My Family will be getting more of my time as will my horse!

I still plan to play computer games and write them. I just want them either
to have a pause key or be able to be played for short periods at a time.

I have started playing Never Winter Nights. It has many of the fun things of
EQ. Exploring, fighting mobs, rescuing the damsel in distress. I can play it
with others. I am currently running a campaign with my son-in-law. Unlike
EQ, we can pause and pick it up whenever we want. Also I can jump in a play
as a single player for short periods if I like. Again no pressure. And if I
want I can design and run a module for others to play. Great creativity
potential.

I have Sim City 4 and want to play with it. I see Unreal II is out and I am
also on a number of interesting Game betas.

I plan to look at Star Wars Galaxy when it comes out. It may have the option
to play for short periods etc. If so I may enjoy it. If it looks to have the
same problems as EQ then I will steer clear. The same goes for any online
game. I love trying games and learning about them. I do not want to get
hooked into another games with the same problems of EQ.

For any out there that feel they are addicted to an online game and do not
know how to quit I recommend the following site: http://www.olganon.org/.

For those who love someone addicted to an online game you might want to look
at: http://groups.yahoo.com/group/EverQuest-Widows/

For those on my EQ games list it will remain open for now. You may wish to
also join my general computer gaming list at this time. I may eventually
shut down the EQ list but I will give folks notice before I do.

------------<begin signature block>------------
Say Yoho - Everything spins around and suddenly I'm elsewhere...
M. Scott Adams (Not Dilbert, Adventure!)
http://www.msadams.com
MSN Messenger: msadams@msadams.com
Microsoft Games Beta Tester ID: 155880
-----------
Open mailing lists I run, Please feel free to join:
Everquest: http://groups.yahoo.com/group/TeamEverQuest
(Subscribe: TeamEverQuest-subscribe@yahoogroups.com)

Computer gaming: http://groups.yahoo.com/group/ComputerGaming
(Subscribe: ComputerGaming-subscribe@yahoogroups.com)

Scott Adams Adventures: http://groups.yahoo.com/group/ScottAdams
--------
When you stop learning you start dying - M. Scott Adams
------------<end signature block>------------




