From 4002793118783730049
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bcb2fb366c44f33b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-13 22:05:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!cyclone.nyroc.rr.com!cyclone-out.nyroc.rr.com!twister.nyroc.rr.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3DFACA12.2050406@stny.rr.com>
From: georg <thegeorg@stny.rr.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.0.1) Gecko/20020823 Netscape/7.0
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Maybe I'm jinxed
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 96
Date: Sat, 14 Dec 2002 06:05:07 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.24.129.216
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: twister.nyroc.rr.com 1039845907 66.24.129.216 (Sat, 14 Dec 2002 01:05:07 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 14 Dec 2002 01:05:07 EST
Organization: Road Runner
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:252752

Maybe I'm just jealous and bitter.

I've got a 55 cleric, and with the help of a lot of wonderful people, I 
managed to get to the point where I just need the scroll from the king 
in Chardok. (My necro "only" needs the planar drops for her epic). Many 
many of my friends, and my beloved spouse, have their epics. I am 
begining to feel that I am doomed to never have mine.

I even changed from my guild of friends that met on a message board (The 
Newbie Zone over on Sony, which was closed after we formed, but that's 
another story) to my husband's guild, which was bigger and raided a lot 
more.

Tonight, we went to Chardok. Clerics were encouraged to determine the 
loot order for the King. We narrowed it down to those on the Chardok 
King step, and only needing it to go further. If you count pearl shards, 
I was the only one there with all four shards, but I didn't count them. 
I did get some flack for being an "alt" instead of a main. But I did 
express that if Tiru gets his clicky, Tiru will be going to more raids 
than Tarre (which is true- we often need clerics more than the three 
necros we have). I won second place in the looting order. But after the 
main vs. alt complaints, the first place winner 55 cleric (who has a 60 
SK and a few others) stepped aside and said that the mains could go 
before him. I frankly feel it'll be a cold day in hell before I blithely 
step aside, although it was a very nice gesture on his part. And that 
put me first in the loot order above the two 52 clerics. There was 
another 55 cleric there, but she hadn't even STARTED her epic.

I wondered why, but I didn't say anything at the time.

It was time to make groups. I have taken some of Tiru's good wis gear 
off to give him resist gear, so I know his mana pool wasn't prime. So I 
arranged for the cleric who hadn't started her epic to be in the MA 
group. I thought, this is her main. She's got to have a better mana pool 
than me, and some idea of what to do. So I sit back, be in another 
group, and do a lot of nuking, but back up heal on the MA too. The other 
55 cleric is non-KOS in Chardok and is taking part in the support team.

We are COTHed to a small hall not far from the Prince's door. We clear 
the hall. The rogue is summoned, and there's a small bit of confusion as 
we check to make sure we HAVE a rogue. (why is a rogue anon??) And the 
rogue tries the door and announces "Your skill is not sufficient for 
this door."

At this point, I get a glass of scotch out. I don't even like scotch, 
but I know I need something strong.

The non-KOS runs to get the shopping list for the gnome, and a geerlock 
is tinkered on the spot. We wipe on a something pulled while waiting for 
the stuff to be assembled. Then someone in the support team tries to 
pull a lot of mobs *away* from us, but some KOS idiot follows, gets 
aggroed, and trains the freshly rezzed and still buffing raid force.

I notice my glass is empty. I fix that problem. Hooray! A problem I can 
solve!

Then the MA cleric starts complaining that this is too tough. Everyone 
keeps dying and she can't keep the MA alive. She just doesn't know what 
to do. I start sending her tells. I've been there. Y'all have heard me 
bitch about how much I hate raids and the stress involved. IT took a 
long time (and another character) before I could have a better 
perspective and learn how to cope. And I give her reassurances, but she 
won't calm down.

We try to pull the Prince. We get everything. We get the prince to 35ish 
before everyone dies.

The MA cleric has strong hysterics. I trade groups with her. At this 
point, the cat won't even sit in my lap because I can't sit still long 
enough. And I seriously think about moving the whole bottle of scotch 
over to my desk.

We try a three monk tag, and this is a problem because the MA cleric is 
now in a group with Jakiss and a monk and a bard. Yes, a monk. And that 
monk was low health, so she healed him. She didn't know anything about 
getting aggro from heals in that manner- no one had told her. And when 
the monk corrected her (politely but firmly), she had hysterics again. 
She knows she's supposed to heal. that's all she does. I didn't ask her 
if it was her first raid, but at that point, oh yeah, I knew. Do I need 
to mention this wipe?

Then Jakiss tried to root the Prince on the next pull, and that time we 
got half the room, but not the prince. Jak dies trying to root a mob 
that never appeared, and we take down that half of the room. Mezzing 
carefully, assisting throughout, except nobody snared the last mob, and 
it ran. And ran. And then summoned the chanter. Jak was rezed into that 
train.

At that point, we both realized there's just not enough scotch in the 
world for this raid, and we called it.

And the next time I go to Chardok... I'll have to roll fresh. Bet the 
raid goes flawlessly, and I lose the roll.

-georg



