From 6664312976401527162
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,76a3b4045266171c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-28 17:00:34 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "James" <jamesgrahame@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <tojt4g34v1in88@news.supernews.com> <3B8A40E9.36A07C1B@home.com> <tol13pbrcgrq65@news.supernews.com> <9mekkk$q3n$1@bob.news.rcn.net> <rfmnotgda0vn2mhfvmm2c34dfij2ksil46@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: The Warrens.. if you are KoS?
Lines: 149
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 4.72.3110.1
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Message-ID: <MeWi7.1205$JH4.244800@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Tue, 28 Aug 2001 23:58:36 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.72.152
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 999043116 216.232.72.152 (Tue, 28 Aug 2001 17:58:36 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 28 Aug 2001 17:58:36 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:112673


Dennis Francis Heffernan wrote in message ...
>On Mon, 27 Aug 2001 19:20:45 -0400, "VanBuren C. Nickels"
><vcnickels@starpower.net> wrote:
>
>|trying to hunt in there. Defiantly one of if not the most annoying places
>|I've ever been to in EQ. But worth it once you get the hang of it.
>
> I spent a lot of time there recently with my leezard Necro, so he'd be
>non-KOS in Paineel and poised to enter Stonebrunt when it launches.  (He
>soloed from 13 to 15 there, and to 17 now in Kerra.)

    My necro is 20 - what levels would you recommend could solo Kerra, and
roughly what areas? I WANT to go there, but The Warrens has been too much
fun - and too easy. ;-)

> Near as I can tell, the Warrens is designed to require balanced groups
>operating under full raid protocols -- assisting a main tank, mezzing or
>rooting adds, dedicated healer, someone on slows (all the dogs have
>accelerated attack rates), another on snares, etc.

    Mezzing adds isn't required - there's (barely) enough space to root
park. The only time multiples are dangerous is when they all assist each
other on one PC - most pulls are pairs, with a possible green "add".

    The attack rates are only accelerated when they have a Jitte or the
other low-delay weapon equipped. Which is fairly often (good, means more
cash). I wish VI would end the "exploit" they said it was unfair for pets to
use, but is apparently OK for NPCs to use. Hopefully more people will start
equipping mobs like Dain and Tormax with evil weapons and people will
complain - our Dain has seen Glowing Black Swords, Velium Daggers, and in a
stroke of evil genius Gnoll Hide Lariats.

    Snaring, or nuking runners, is a must. I use Clinging Darkness on the
second mob of a pair, and on all greens.

>The dogs are packed too
>closely together for anyone who gets EP here to pull singles,

    See above. Pair and trios are the standard pulls.

>they all run far too fast

    Only ones near a shaman-mob, which by and large is deeper in. At level
19 I was pulling Pit Fighters, Food/Smith, Jailer with training kobold add,
and a few mobs from in front of Prince as my standard "cycle" - and I pull
to zone. Unless I got one that was right beside a kobold, I beat them all to
zone by enough distance to turn 180 degrees and drop Heat Blood or Heart
Flutter on the active target before they got to me.

>and have large call-for-help ranges.

    They are a bit packed in. You really need to be aware of what you'll get
when you pull. I found HUGE areas of kobolds that I never got to see until
they were green, because of the downtime from fighting multiples. What this
zone really needs is a mildly balanced group (healer, tanks, snare/nukes),
which is too bad as it's rare to see people here.

    The other issue for us is pet aggro. Your pet is generally lower level
than you, so at lower levels you're pulling the aggro of someone a few
levels below your level whenever Jobaber attacks. That's what has stopped me
from starting to actively farm Prince - I can walk to the corner in front of
his throne area, but my pet can't make it halfway through that antechamber
with the bridge. If I summon him in place he attracts a horde of green, and
if I pull to him in that safe room a short ways back then the Prince's HT
makes him come charging out to his (and nearly my) death.

>(Where a newbie group is
>supposed to get the mana for all this, I don't know; they won't even have
>Breeze.  Snares will particularly hurt as the only spells local groups will
>have for that are NEC darkness line spells, and the mana cost on those is
>brutal compared to Snare.

    All you need is Clinging - it doesn't have to last long, just long
enough to bash the mob down to walking speed. If it looks like the mob might
get away, I /back the pet off so he won't cause a train and go after the
runner myself - I can usually Tap it to walking speed, especially with a DoT
or two already at work on it.

>Of course, sitting down to med causes every dog
>within hundreds of feet to agro on you, too.)

    There's a nice network of "pull spots" in the zone. Zone-in, the cells
in the first room in the Prince wing, the empty room just before the hallway
to Prince.... I can't speak for the King wing, as I have yet to explore down
there. IF you are of a level where you can "set up" the nearby spawns to be
non-aggro green, it works quite well. I usually use zone-in because I can
get the odd shaman from the Prince area adding, and I know the pet won't
aggro anything down the hallway before I can /back him off from any initial
nukes I take.

> Needless to say this is idiotic.  Newbies don't know raid protocols and
>they won't learn it here; the zone is too difficult for them.

    They don't need raid protocols. Tanks, healer(s), snarer/nuker. Snarer
preferred. What they DO need is a group, or some quality twinks.

>Experienced players running secondaries aren't going to
>go someplace where they'll have to do this kind of work; they'll get on
their
>primaries instead and go raid Kael or Velk's or whatever's open.

    Remember, we play the alts because there's nothing for the Primary to
do. ;-) In my case, I'm sticking with the Warrens not only because the
rewards are high, but also to learn how to handle a pet class in a dungeon,
something I've never done before. It's given me insight into the abilities
and the issues facing necromancers that I wouldn't have been as aware of had
I not done this.

> It was not surprising, then, that 80% of the time I was the only one EPing
>in the zone.

    Been there, done that. It's actually better when you're alone - the
trains can be horrific otherwise.

>There were, of course, high-level players trashing the place for
>faction.

    And resetting all the non-aggro green spawn points, GRRRR.

>There's also the L34 Druid who showed up periodically to pull
>the Muglwump to the zone line so he could solo it.

    Muglwump is a real piece of work. He Rampages. I nearly died laughing
the first time I saw that - figured it HAD to be a mistake. Bet the druid
was after the Cast Iron Stein (5/31 1HB, AC 3 STA 2 WIS 3). So far, Muglwump
is the only named mob I haven't killed - if you can get one of those
high-levels to pull you nameds, do it. As a necro you can land some of your
DoTs, and ALL of your taps on anything up to five levels above you. From the
profile I read of your character, a few more INT/MANA items and you should
be golden. (And don't forget the BBQ Erudite isn't Lore or Magic, so you can
keep harvesting that stuff every time you see him up.)

>  And the time a post-50
>Paladin buffed me up so I could kill the Foodmaster/Smithy for him, 'coz he
>wanted Ye Auld Ball Peen Hammer.  (Seems that buffs don't set off the TCC
if
>cast before the fight.)  I have no idea why he wanted it; I wouldn't put
one
>on a twink myself.

    I would, and have. Assuming you aren't a puller, what else will you put
in your ranged slot as a tank? It's AC 1 STR 2 HPs 4, which isn't
exceptional but isn't worth sneezing at.

    James





