From 152473253177955198
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb859,f422052bd337db83,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb859,public
X-Google-Thread: 10b8a7,f422052bd337db83,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid10b8a7,public
X-Google-Thread: f8b8a,f422052bd337db83,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidf8b8a,public
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f422052bd337db83,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Thread: 108625,f422052bd337db83,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid108625,public
X-Google-Thread: f5de8,f422052bd337db83,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidf5de8,public
X-Google-Thread: fc6cf,f422052bd337db83,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfc6cf,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-02-02 20:39:24 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-xit-01!sn-xit-08!supernews.com!news.alt.net!usenet
From: "Spock-A" <white_propheta@yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.auto.mercedes,alt.feminism,alt.games.diablo2,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.the-sims,alt.pagan,alt.religion.christian.last-days
Subject: Learning to Read a Smile; People with Asperger's syndrome
Date: Sun, 2 Feb 2003 20:38:19 -0800
Organization: Altopia Corp. - Usenet Access - http://www.altopia.com
Lines: 548
Message-ID: <b1krpq$tra$0@pita.alt.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.auto.mercedes:66225 alt.feminism:207395 alt.games.diablo2:162927 alt.games.everquest:262265 alt.games.the-sims:170303 alt.pagan:60479 alt.religion.christian.last-days:26877

COLUMN ONE; Learning to Read a Smile; People with Asperger's syndrome, a
neurological disorder, are often brilliant but lack basic social skills. One
treatment is to learn 'scripts' for interaction. [Home Edition] The Los
Angeles Times





----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----





Print Media Edition:      Record edition

Los Angeles, Calif.

Mar 12, 2001



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----



Authors:                  ROSIE MESTEL



Pagination:               A.1



ISSN:                     04583035



Subject Terms:            Medical disorders

                          Neurology

                          SocializationChild psychology

                          Behavior disorders





Abstract:



   When [Tom Iland] draws, he draws only "Star Wars" and "Millionaire"
logos. "Star Wars" trivia and roller coaster books are the only ones in view
in his room. Tom's parents have had to lay down rules to limit his habit of
repeatedly quoting lines from movies or the credo of the Jedi Knights or of
imitating Yoda from "Star Wars" ("In trouble you are!")--which rile his
brother and sister.



   By ninth grade at Saugus High School, Tom Iland's blindness to social
codes was leading him into deeper water. One day, a schoolmate let off a
smoke bomb and the teachers offered a reward to anyone who would inform on
the prankster. Tom didn't hesitate. In full view of his classmates--with no
clue you're supposed to be sneaky when you snitch--he rushed to the office
and told all he knew. A crowd of kids was waiting for him later, but Tom, on
this occasion, was spared the wrath of his peers: He hadn't reported the boy
because he couldn't recall his name.



   Tom wasn't so lucky another time, when a physical altercation left him
with a sprained wrist, a bruised head and a cut back. At that point, his
parents and school officials agreed that Tom would do better in a more
sheltered place. He moved to Village Glen, a school in Sherman Oaks that
specializes in teaching children with [Asperger]'s syndrome--a place where
social skills are as much a part of the curriculum as math or English.
(Copyright, The Times Mirror Company; Los Angeles Times 2001 allRights

reserved)



Full Text:



   In a Sherman Oaks schoolroom, 17-year-old Tom Iland is sitting through
one of his toughest classes.



   It's not science: Tom is good at science. Not math: When he was in ninth
grade, he tested as equivalent to a college senior in math. The class is
"social skills," and Tom is poring over the importance of smiling and
frowning at the proper time and place.



   "When you use appropriate facial expressions," he reads, "you may avoid
getting into trouble. You may make a good impression. You show you respect
others."



   Then the teacher expands.



   "You can tell a lot about what a person's feeling by the way they look.
When I'm smiling, for instance, my mouth is like this and my eyes are more
creased up," she says.



   Tom Iland has to learn these so-very-basic things by rote--about how to
have a conversation, how to make a friend, how to look someone firmly in the
eye, how to read expressions on a face or interpret the tone of a voice.



   In some ways, he's so smart. Socially, he's at sea.



   In the past, no one knew what to make of people like Tom--writing them
off as "nerds" and "geeks," oddballs and eccentrics or diagnosing them as
behaviorally disturbed.



   Tom's condition is a neurological disorder called Asperger's syndrome.
Debates continue about its precise nature and prevalence, but it is known to
run in families and to affect more boys than girls. It is often accompanied
by obsessive interests in quirky topics such as roller coasters or
industrial cooling towers--and sparks of brilliance in areas like music or
math.



   No one is sure how many people have Asperger's. Some estimate that as
many as one in 250 people has at least a mild case.



   Specialists classify it as a variant of autism--subtler, but often
crippling.



   People like Tom aren't sitting in corners, mute, aloof and indifferent to
others, like the textbook autistic child. Quite the opposite. Many are only
too aware of their differentness and are confused and unhappy when their
attempts to find friends and get by in the world fail time after time.



   Because of their precocious talents and strangely grown-up speech,
they're sometimes termed "little professors." But, just as with autism,
something is amiss with the social parts of their brains, creating an
impaired ability to sense or imagine others' feelings or to pick up on the
elaborate, unwritten rules of social discourse.



   And that is a giant handicap.



   * Try making a friend if you don't even know to say "hi" when you meet
and " 'bye" when you leave, when you can't imagine how another person feels.



   * Try getting a job if you don't know how to smile, chat brightly about
career goals and look your future boss in the eye.



   * Try finding success in love if you have no clue whether a kiss will be
welcome.



   * Try getting along with anyone if you don't know when it's time to tell
a lie.



   Today, children with Asperger's syndrome--named for the doctor who first
described the condition, in the 1940s--are getting diagnoses and help. At
the same time, men and women of an older generation are getting diagnoses,

too: ones that for some shed light on decades of social awkwardness,
depression and underachievement.



   The challenge for Asperger's specialists is figuring out how to teach
things they never had to consciously learn.



   "Nobody taught you how to have a friend. Nobody taught you how to read a
face. Nobody taught you empathy or social reasoning," says Tony Attwood, a
clinical psychologist in Queensland, Australia, and an expert on Asperger's.



   Most Signals Don't Involve Words



   Most of the signals we send each other don't come from words. They're
transmitted by the pucker of a lip, the shrug of a shoulder, the hard or
soft edge to a voice. Our brains are designed to pick up on the nuances.



   Imagine if all those signals came to you in Cantonese--and you spoke only
English. That's what having Asperger's is like, says Jerry Newport, 52, a
Los Angeles resident who was diagnosed in 1995.



   "There's always been lots of things that I've felt other people naturally
did that I couldn't do without rehearsing," Newport says. "People know when
to talk and when not to talk and how long to talk. They know how to read the
nods and smiles, to know when someone's really listening to you or just
enduring you."



   Newport has worked hard to learn this foreign tongue, memorizing many
"scripts" for how to act in different social situations. Yet it always takes
effort, he says. He'll never be a native speaker of this strange social
language.



   The toll on his life has been huge. A college grad with a talent for
math, he could mentally multiply four-digit numbers and figure out square
roots of 8-digit numbers by age 7. But he would flub job interview after job
interview. At one, when asked about his plans for the future, he answered,
"I guess if the interview's over I'll go down to McDonald's and then catch
some races at the track." He spent years driving cabs and trucks and getting
fired from many of those jobs.



   And he just didn't get the subtle language of love. Told that he didn't
look into women's eyes enough, he would overcompensate and stare them down
in bars for 20 minutes at a time. Told that women liked men who could dance,
he would focus all his efforts on fancy disco steps.



   "I was thinking, 'Oh man, how can they not fall in love with this guy who
knows exactly how to dance to every song?' Very often, halfway through the
song, I'd turn around--and my partner would be gone. I couldn't understand
why it was happening."



   Today, Newport gives talks about Asperger's--and has formed an L.A. group
where adults like him can meet and glean support. He was briefly married, to
a woman who also has Asperger's. He and his ex- wife recently agreed to try
to reconcile.



   He hopes life will be easier for people like Tom Iland.



   Interests Are Very Focused



   As he sits in an armchair in his Santa Clarita Valley home, Tom Iland's
discourse is measured and formal. Often, his eyes avoid yours. His speech
lacks many of the ups and downs that most people have, but gets more
animated when he talks about "Star Wars," roller coasters or "Who Wants to
Be a Millionaire?"--his great loves.



   "Personally, I think everyone's their own unique person," he says
quietly. "Asperger's is kind of a gift in a way. It makes me like what I
like."



   Tom's special interests are more mainstream than those of some with
Asperger's, who enthusiastically amass facts on fishing tackle, deep fat
fryers or the passenger list of the Titanic. Yet his passions are just as
intense: If allowed to, they would consume his life.



   When Tom draws, he draws only "Star Wars" and "Millionaire" logos. "Star
Wars" trivia and roller coaster books are the only ones in view in his room.
Tom's parents have had to lay down rules to limit his habit of repeatedly
quoting lines from movies or the credo of the Jedi Knights or of imitating
Yoda from "Star Wars" ("In trouble you are!")--which rile his brother and
sister.



   Oddness of this type wasn't what Tom's parents noticed first, though.



   At age 2, Tom Iland started spontaneously composing words with
refrigerator magnet letters.



   On his first day of preschool, he read a book to his class; in
kindergarten, he effortlessly mastered the multiplication tables.



   "We didn't think we had a child with a problem--we thought we had a
genius," says Emily Iland, Tom's mother.



   Yet in other ways, Tom seemed backward. At preschool, he wouldn't join in
circle time. Play dates and imaginary games were not for him: He preferred
rewinding videos over and over so he could watch his favorite parts--all
day, if his mom would have let him.



   By seventh grade, when the condition was diagnosed, the gulf between Tom
and his peers had grown huge. Kids didn't get Tom Iland. He didn't look at
them. When he talked, he would talk on and on about roller coasters--and
when he was done, he would just walk away.



   When kids on his baseball team didn't hit the ball well, Tom told them
just what he thought of them--and at the end-of-season pool party, they
dunked him so thoroughly that his mom thought they would drown him.



   Every day, he would approach his peers on the playground; every day they
would tease him and send him packing.



   "They sensed his differentness and were rejecting him," says Emily Iland.
"It was blatant to everybody else, but he didn't get it."



   A Literal Sense of Language



   Asperger's syndrome makes it all too clear that, without social smarts
and common sense, you can have an IQ the size of a planet and still be
forever floundering.



   People with Asperger's take language very literally: "A mom might say to
a bright teenage Asperger lad, 'Go put these toilet rolls in the toilet'--so
what do you think he does?" says Dr. Lorna Wing, a British psychiatrist who
brought international attention to the syndrome in the 1980s.



   And Asperger's children say just what they think, such as, "You're fat!"
or "That's stupid!"--even if the fat or stupid person is a teacher or a
boss.



   People with Asperger's believe strongly in rules and routines, often
designating themselves the "rule police." This doesn't endear them to their
peers. In the Iland home, such "parent-policeman- judge" behavior (such as
Tom's ordering his brother and sister to comply with rules about bedtimes)
is banned.



   The inability to read a face, meanwhile, can be so profound that even a
basic thing like a smile can confuse an Asperger's child. Such a child might
pucker his face and ask: "So-and-so went like this. Should I go like this
too? Should I cry? What should I do?"



   And often, layered on top of these social holes are other conditions
that, for reasons unknown, afflict Asperger's kids: obsessive-compulsive
disorder, anxiety, depression, suicidal thoughts and acts.



   Sometimes the children are cut to the quick by the realization that
they're different. Others, like Tom, protected by their own lack of insight,
don't fully see the shunning by their peers.



   By ninth grade at Saugus High School, Tom Iland's blindness to social
codes was leading him into deeper water. One day, a schoolmate let off a
smoke bomb and the teachers offered a reward to anyone who would inform on
the prankster. Tom didn't hesitate. In full view of his classmates--with no
clue you're supposed to be sneaky when you snitch--he rushed to the office
and told all he knew. A crowd of kids was waiting for him later, but Tom, on
this occasion, was spared the wrath of his peers: He hadn't reported the boy
because he couldn't recall his name.



   Tom wasn't so lucky another time, when a physical altercation left him
with a sprained wrist, a bruised head and a cut back. At that point, his
parents and school officials agreed that Tom would do better in a more
sheltered place. He moved to Village Glen, a school in Sherman Oaks that
specializes in teaching children with Asperger's syndrome--a place where
social skills are as much a part of the curriculum as math or English.



   At Village Glen, pupils get "empathy tests." They put together "body
gesture scrapbooks." They learn the art of telling little white lies (aided
by a special lying textbook) so Grandma will never know what they really
thought of her braised carrots.



   Parents and educators half-joke that children who go through social
skills programs like this end up more polite than their brothers and
sisters. Yet there's nothing easy about learning or teaching this stuff.



   Educators and psychologists are still struggling to distill our
convoluted social rules down to bite-sized principles that students can
learn.



   Creativity is the order of the day.



   Soap operas--with the raunchy scenes edited out--are handy for teaching
body language and facial expression. "They are overacted beyond belief,"
says Laurie Stephens, co-director of the Village Glen program.



   Piling up blocks--one for each appropriate contribution to a
conversation--encourages students to keep the discourse flowing so they can
enjoy watching the tower grow higher and higher. There are tailor-made
stories to teach rules for getting along with people. And charts to teach
the meaning of frowning or smiling faces.



   After two years at Village Glen, Tom is proud of his progress. He has
learned to look people in the eye, rein in those "Star Wars" and roller
coaster monologues and not interrupt. He has learned about different tones
of voice--as well as rules for talking on the phone and starting and joining
conversations.



   "For starting a conversation, first introduce yourself: 'Hi, I'm Tom,' "
he demonstrates, smiling. "Shake hands. 'Are you taking this class? Do you
like it?' Ask questions--that's one way to find things out.



   "With joining in, first you kind of wait for the appropriate time. A
pause. They talk, they talk, they talk, and then you say your thing. They're
talking about the 'Millionaire' last night; you say, 'Yeah, that was cool.'
"



   Emily Iland says Tom has learned so much. Just recently, she says, there
he was, actually talking on the phone with a friend--a friend.



   "That was one of my happiest days as a mother," she says. "It's something
that seems so kid-like, and yet here he was, 16 1/2 years old and it was the
first time it happened for him."



   There are still big gaps, she says--especially in Tom's ability to
imagine how other people feel, one of the hardest things to teach to those
with Asperger's.



   But Emily Iland knows Tom wants to return to Saugus High, and will soon
be going to a local community college--he wants to be a banker or a roller
coaster designer. He'll have to leave his sheltered world.



   In the meantime, she's doing what she can to make the outside world safer
for him. With other parents of Asperger's children, she has talked to
security guards at the mall and to local policemen-- hoping that if they see
a person committing a stupid crime, they'll consider the possibility he has
Asperger's. A card describing Tom's condition is in his wallet so he can
take it out and show it if he gets into trouble.



   And she has talked at schools about people like Tom, hopeful that people
will be less inclined to shun when they understand.



   Perhaps her biggest success is working with her local school district to
implement a mentoring program at Saugus High and other schools. Under the
plan, students will get credit for "buddying" Tom and other children who
need social help.



   "It will work out at Saugus," Tom says. "Some people will think there's
nothing wrong with me and think this is a bunch of bull.



   "Others will say: 'I never knew this. Want to go to the game with me?' "








