From -6170639122991392346
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,dba3b3f3332e0027
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-08-03 05:28:10 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!newsfeed.earthlink.net!wn14feed!worldnet.att.net!216.166.71.14!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F2CFFD8.97C6A50@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: So, What would you do?
References: <bgghng$8ih$1@bob.news.rcn.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 120
Date: Sun, 03 Aug 2003 12:34:19 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.236
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1059914059 66.109.254.236 (Sun, 03 Aug 2003 08:34:19 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 03 Aug 2003 08:34:19 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:295446



"Remember Kona!" wrote:

> I have a troll warr and a human ranger.  Both are their upper thirties and
> are my highest level characters.  I really want to focus on getting one to
> 60+.  Which do you think will be the most useful in groups at highest
> levels?  Which would you focus on?
>
> Opinions from those that have played 50+ chars appreciated.

A ranger is more likely to be useful for groups or raid sized forces than a
warrior.

Rangers are a DPS class; they do some of the better damage production in the
game.

Warriors are a Sponge class, they do some of the better sucking up damage in
the game.

Both jobs are important to groups and to raids, of course... but think in
terms of numbers; one sponge is needed per mob in a melee, while the more DPS
you have, the better.  DPS "stacks" while a second sponge is usually a
"spare", and spends most of his time contributing nothing but DPS, and
generally warriors don't really do that all that well.

Also, for groups, paladins and shadowknights tend to be preferred for the
Sponge position, since they can do a better job of getting and maintaining
aggro, which in turn allows the rest of the group to use their abilities more
fully without fear of stealing it, plus the paladins double as backup healers
and have stuns and even a workable rez if there's no cleric in the group, and
SK can work as FD puller and can snare, while warriors can... hit things with
a weapon, but not as hard as a real DPS class.  This means that a warrior
tends -not- to be doing the sponge job he's designed for in a group with one
of these, and tends to get looked over for groups if there's a similar level
knight class LFG at the same time.

Of course rangers are also not the best DPS class, rogues, monks, beastlords,
mages and wizards are all serious competition for that job... but this matters
less since as I've pointed out, the second DPS in a group is almost as useful
as the first one, still contributing all he's capable of, as is the third and
fourth.  You may still be passed over for groups if there's only one slot left
and there's a rogue your level LFG too... but if the group already has a
sponge, your warrior would -also- be passed over for that rogue, or for a
similar level ranger for that matter.

On raids, warriors finally come into their own, with the Defensive discipline;
on very hard targets warriors come out well on top in the Sponge role, where
getting aggro and keeping it isn't as much a problem as is simply surviving
the beating in between heals (which may be landing at 8000 hp every couple
seconds) while the rest of the raid kills the target.  Sadly, though, while
you may want backup sponges, often the backup sponge role is still better in
the hands of a knight; while the warrior is better at the job once he gets it,
in the backup position, the ability to -get- aggro quickly on demand weights
in pretty heavily.

In a raid, though, the "the more the merrier" idea applies even more for DPS
than it did in a group; the group only has at best 6 slots, and tend to fill
them with a sponge, healer, slower, and CC, leaving only two slots in some
cases for DPS.  But in a raid of 30, you probably have 20 slots you'd be happy
to see filled with DPS, the best stacking in the game; better than stacking
for any of the other job categories really, there's a point at which adding
more healers won't speed up the kill any more, if the MA is surviving and
there's always mana for the next pull no matter how fast it comes, then more
healing won't help... but more DPS will mean the mobs die faster, which in
turn saves healer mana so you still don't need more healers.  We've already
seen that more sponges isn't a concern (you need a few backups, yes, but each
one you add makes the next even less important), and CC doesn't tend to stack
well either, you might need two or three for places with really big crowds of
adds but never more than that; slowers, well you need additional slowers only
in order to replace ones that tried, failed, got aggro and died, or to all
cast at the same time in order to get one to land on a hard target; either
way, just like sponges, each slower is less important than the one before.

ANother issue is gear dependance.  Warriors need a lot of good gear to be on
top of their game; they need tons of HP and AC in order to sponge well, and
they need hate proccing weapons to generate more hate so that the rest of the
group or raid can do more without stealing aggro.  In order to be the main
sponge in your group you need to be the warrior with the best in all three of
these categories, and thats hard to do with an untwinked character; other
people have a level 65 main in some other class dumping cash or farming items
for their warrior, while you have only your own resources.  If you are an
untwinked warrior, then your chances of getting your only important job, as
group sponge or better, raid sponge, drop even more, meaning you end up as
that really poor DPS class even more of the time.

What does a ranger need to do his job adequately?  A good set of weapons.  His
HP isn't nearly as important as it is on a sponge, since he's not there to get
beat on.  His AC matters even less, because at best he can't get good AC
anyway, and if his AC was the same as the warrior's he'd still take more
damage due to being on different defensive tables.  So a good pair of one
handers, a good two hander, and at the high end of the game, a fantastic bow,
and he's really pretty much set.  There will always be better equipped rangers
(and other DPS classes) than you for the same reason there will always be
better equipped warriors, but you'll still be able to produce nearly as much
damage as they are, and so be just fine for additional DPS.

Now a different question from the one you asked is "which will find it easier
to get groups at high levels?"  This is different from "which will be more
useful to groups at high levels" because people don't all perceive things this
way.  Once upon a time, there was a "holy trinity" plan, you wanted a warrior,
cleric, and enchanter for every group, with a monk in the fourth slot if you
could get one, and all the other classes competing for the remaining two
slots.  Changes in the game due to rebalancing, addition of more levels, more
gear options, and tactical advances in the way we play mean that this idea is
largely outmoded... but there are still plenty of players out there who
haven't gotten the word.  Since Warrior is thought of by a lot of old school
thinkers as the ultimate "tank", you might find groups more willing to grab
any warrior rather than willing to accept what they still think of as a "also
ran" class.

Bergh, 65 cleric
LLyric, 57 bard
Paax, 51 shaman
formerly Defeat, 30 warrior (deleted)
and a host of other sub 50 characters that aren't particularly relevant to the
conversation

Morel-Thule



