From 463726400546117054
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,c17d1810fda3acb3
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c17d1810fda3acb3
X-Google-Attributes: gid100ff8,gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-08!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Killstealing and Camping Redux
Date: Sun, 5 Sep 2004 11:54:01 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10jmo1po6lt61d@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <10jk3s5dtuk7930@news.supernews.com> <qUG_c.16219$mu.5767@okepread07>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 124
Xref: g2news1.google.com comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:15284 alt.games.everquest:15594


"Dark Basic" <darkbasic@cox.net> wrote in message 
news:qUG_c.16219$mu.5767@okepread07...

> We must be playing entirely different games.

We must be.

> The WoW stress test that I am
> playing has no issues whatsoever with camping or killstealing.

We definitely are.

> Spawn points
> are abundant, quests are abundant and easy to complete, and the game is
> remarkably stable.

Did I say anything about stability? If not, let me chime in here: the game 
is remarkably stable.

Yes, quests are abundant, I very much like that aspect of the game, and it's 
a very nice accounting system they're using to manage it. One of the best 
I've seen, although some will complain that it's a little too spoon-feeding.

> And your complaint is?

My complaint is that this game mechanic produces the behaviors that most in 
this thread have already observed as a big negative. I don't share your 
definition of kill-stealing and I refer you to Lance's excellent summary and 
Michael's appraisal of the likely reality. I'd also refer you to Ben's 
characterizations of your admirable optimism, but you probably already saw 
those.

> Most MOB's in WoW have many spawn points.

I think what you mean here is that most mob *types* have multiple spawn 
points. Agreed. But as far as I can tell, most individual mobs have very 
specific spawn points that are hard coded for that mob. There may be 
exceptions I didn't notice, but I think most of them follow this rule. This 
means that everyone will know exactly where a given mob spawns and you might 
as well put up invitations on these spots with big signs that say "CAMP 
HERE", with a big arrow pointing down at the empty spot soon to be filled.

If what you're saying is that there's enough quest diversity and abundancy 
that no one is ever forced to confront the campers, I'm not sure I'd agree 
based on my experience thus far, but I'm open to believing it's a 
possibility that I just haven't yet experienced. Maybe at the higher levels 
and perhaps when the initial crowds die down. Still, if you look at the 
history of battle.net, you could make many of the same arguments about the 
kids who will get bored after a while, and how it was all going to die down 
once the initial rush was over, but we all know how that turned out.

> Spend some time exploring and you
> will find multiple spawn points many of which are uncrowded.

That's what I wound up doing for some of the quests, others I just braved 
the crowds. I think you're right to bring some balance to all the bashing 
that's going on here, there's a tendency for a thread like this to 
degenerate into hyper-critical excess, when in fact some of the problems are 
somewhat manageable with effort. Still, my point was that I don't think 
Blizzard has succeeded in coming up with good solutions to some of the 
problems they're going to face. If the best answer is that players need to 
avoid coming into contact with other players, it strikes me that a major 
design goal hasn't been met for a MMOG. Blizzard doesn't have MMOG 
experience and I think it's showing.

> Also, it
> should be noted that WoW provides far more quests than the typical MMOPRG

Very true and it's the game's greatest feature imo.

> and, hence, if a particular area looks crowded you can simply do some 
> other
> quest on your queue.

Yes, but see my note above. Same criticism. If I have to avoid what I want 
to do and instead go somewhere where I'm not going to be forced to interact 
with the MM in my OG, then something's wrong.

> Blizzard appears to have paid enormous attention to
> providing large numbers of quests, a HUGE gaming world, and multiple spawn
> points.

Agreed.

> I seriously doubt there are going to be any camping problems
> outside of the first few days of gameplay.

And your reason for this rosey forecast that defies all previous experience 
in the genre?

>> 2) The game seems to be populated primarily by the battle.net crowd.

> What do you expect from a free and open stress test?!

I never suggested this was surprising, I just reference it because I think 
it's going to be a key factor in why the current mechanics are going to be 
stressed far beyond what they would be in any comparable MMOG. The 
battle.net crowd are legendary. I don't think I really need to articulate 
why, do I?

> Do you think the same
> Battle.Net crowd will be there when there is a credit card registration 
> and
> a $13 monthly fee?  I doubt it.

Are you new to the MMOG world? This argument has been trotted out over and 
over again about every MMOG there ever was and it's never held up in 
practice. One thing that has been constant with beta vs release in my 
experience is that the audience for each of these games is unique, but that 
the audience attracted by one game's beta are very much like the audience 
that will populate that game on release. This has been pretty consistent in 
my experience. I don't expect to see the battle.net kiddies go back to 
Diablo after release.

-- 
Bob Perez

"Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they 
quit playing."
- Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes





