From -2460899475492590763
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cbb2a66a2ae612f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-06-20 07:02:39 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-xit-08!supernews.com!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3EF313BB.BE731516@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: 47 shaman undercon (subtitled Stalkers and Reavers oh my)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 152
Date: Fri, 20 Jun 2003 14:05:58 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.235.56
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1056117958 66.109.235.56 (Fri, 20 Jun 2003 10:05:58 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 20 Jun 2003 10:05:58 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:289053

So there I was happily soloing away in COM trying to get more
copies of the Student's Log... I'm hoping to avoid the Hole part
of the shaman epic by doing earlier steps repeatedly for faction
instead.

Ding 47

Occaisionally I do a who all friends, noone's been on all day..
but now there's a 52 necro I know, in PON.  Well, I give her a
tell, she's apparantly there partnered with another necro and
they are duoing happily.  I tell her I'd be glad to come keep
them in SOW and HP supply, she says she'll talk to the other
necro... and never gets back to me.  I was half joking anyway,
figuring PON would be over my head really.

Somewhat later (as in a couple hours later) she sees me in POK
where I'm getting  fresh KEI and dumping leftover cash in the
bank and invites me up, apparantly the other necro logged.

Well, when I get there there's a 51 shaman already with her,
which makes me feel much less useful, but heck, it might be fun.
They are over doing stalkers, sort of... she's reluctant to use
FD to break given what 4 stalkers will do to here if FD fails, so
they are only doing the two they can single pull, and trees and
birds and spiders in between.

Well it turns out I'm more use than I expected.  I can stick
spells decently to the mobs, some are harder to stick to than
others, but I can stick malaisement to those, and doing so helps
the necro and other shaman stick, relieving the other guy of that
duty.  I'm triple dotting the mobs, admittedly doing less than
half the damage the other two are, I keep haste on my pet and the
other shaman's, since our haste is the same.  I do my damndest to
get aggro, so I can hate kite the mobs around while the other two
rest.  I also slap Stoicism on them both during any downtimes;
the other shaman doesn't have anything better (heck, nothing this
good, he's not got LOY) and anyway as a rule my mana is less
important than theirs.   But I have a lot more mana than they do;
canni II plus stoicism plus KEI is far more mana than necro dark
pact line or shaman with canni I, GHeal, and no mind buff at
all.  We are all trying to avoid contact with the mobs, and the
other shaman's GHeal is no better or worse than mine (well no,
its worse, he clearly doesn't have a IH item) for emergency
healing the mistakes... all in all I felt I made a significant
contribution to the team; it helps that I also brought a 20%
bonus with me before we split the exp up, and presumably got a
smaller share of the pie although I haven't seen any real
breakdowns of exp splitting since the patch.  We get no deaths,
not even pet deaths; Fluffy comes really close to buying the farm
at one point and then becomes my most successful hate kite of the
day; I get him backed off just before he dies, and the Stalker
sticks to him like glue no matter what the rest of the team does;
low HP aggro I assume!  This works almost until the stalker turns
to run, pet's natural heal plus the chloro I kept on him finally
kicked his HP up above the "kill me now" point.
============================================
Later, I'm back in COM, and I get a tell asking if I want to come
help kill Black Reavers.  "Single group?" I ask, and am told yes,
single group.  Well, I was going to turn them down if it was a
raid because I don't really care about the loot and don't know
them enough to do them a favor, but single group the exp should
be fine, especially with the new bonus in place.  They are
already at the temple, while I'm at stables, so I start over that
way.  Both sides are blocked, so I pick one and start killing,
pulling three like it or not.  This is the sort of fight I'm
quite used to in COM by now, using root, pet, slows, dots,
stoicism, and tanking, I can handle three or four mobs at a time,
although it is a drain on my mana pool depth.  Someone pops an
invite on me mid fight, I figure its my BR group so I accept, but
the person who invited me isn't one of the pair.  Turns out its a
dual box 65 rogue and 52 cleric.  The mobs die a bit faster than
usual, although frankly not -that- much faster, and the two
aren't answering questions.  Still, we engage the other mobs in
the way, with the rogue single pulling, then I root and tank and
the mobs pretty much evaporate as the rogue's backstabbing kicks
in.  Cleric exhibits an annoying tendancy to heal me no matter
what I say, I guess its cause she's dual box or something, or
perhaps its just a cleric thing, took -my- cleric long enough to
figure out healing shamans is usually a waste of perfectly good
mana.  Worse, I discover that Celestial Healing from a 52 cleric
overwrites and blocks Stoicism, which is no big deal under the
circumstances, but it means that without coordination we are
going to be wasting some healing mana when doing real fights, and
she's really not coordinating with me at all.

Well, we join up with the rest of the group, a 55 paladin and 60
ranger. I get everyone hastes, Billy's, Dex buffs, Talisman and
Stamina, and Str (just because its a group buff, noone requested
it) and chloroplasts.  Cleric feeds me HP as I sit on my lizard
and pump canni, there seems to be no way to stop her so I try and
shrug it off, and I stop using Stoicism on myself.

Then we go in, 5 mobs worth of fun, I slow everything but the one
the tanks are on and try and stay out of the way and not get
aggro, I assume my role as the lowest level member of the group
by a long shot is to mostly do buffs and keep out of trouble.
Well we make pretty quick work of the spawn and the rogue runs
off to get more, we chew thru those too, and then the sixth
member of the team shows up outside.  Funny thing is, the rogue
keeps pulling, and not opening the door.  For about ten minutes.
Its not until then that we finally discover why he and the cleric
have been acting as though they were deaf... they had group chat
filtered off for some reason!

Well with a 55 chanter added to the group, my role changes
radically.  Now I'm not haster or slower, although the SOW is
still handy, I become backup healer instead.  With communication,
the cleric becomes more managable, I use stoicism on the chanter,
his pet, and her, and GHeal (often chain GHeal) the tanks while
she's CHealing a different one or even as a patch heal to help
them live long enough for a CHeal to hit.  I also do some light
CC duty, rooting mobs so the chanter can get free to mez.  My pet
comes in very helpful, used much like a chanter pet, when I get
aggro the pet leaps to my defense, I move away and he tanks it
till its mezzed, at which point he backs off; never breaks one
mez despite what other pet casters have told me.

Now here's the funny part; with Clarity II, despite me being at
full throttle casting my pathetic heals and so forth, I still
always have more mana than the cleric.  Many fights, we have her
medding while I am sole healer, so she can be back up to fully
ready when we get another BR chain... because those are the
challenging fights, hard enough on their own, but when a BR dies
its like as not to spawn another, and another after that and so
forth; the longest chain we get is over 11 BRs long, and I do a
fair amount of the healing during the long chains simply because
the cleric can't keep going without a rest.  At the same time,
I'm chain casting cure blindness on the three tanks nearly
constantly.

The upshot of this trip was that I got about twice the exp I
would have soloing, and became a lot more comfortable about
contributing to a group thats operating much higher level than I
am.  I'm used to doing that as a cleric (well not for ages, but
back in my "youth" I was very often the lowest level member of
parties with my cleric), but had thought that was a peculiarity
of a class that gets the largest heal of the game at level 39,
and before that almost always has larger more efficient heals
than other healers half again their level.

What I'd overlooked is something I've commented on in other
threads at length.  Whenever someone suggests that more wis/mana
is the end all be all to caster gear, I come back strong saying
that the real key is not depth of pool, but conservation and
regeneration of mana, mana FLOW that is.  Well, this is two cases
where my gearing up with focus items and so forth, and using
canni II and Stoicism as mana generators, have allowed me to hold
up my end of the team fairly well, even with worse mana
efficiency in my spells, because I have better mana flow!

Paax, 47 shaman, Morel Thule



