From -583408665892947363
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3d03e102468b3ce0
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-27 06:33:44 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!feed2.onemain.com!feed1.onemain.com!nntp2.onemain.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3B8A4C27.8E59AB98@success.net>
From: Lance <emporer@success.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Cleric wanting to become smoother and more efficient.  Advice 
 please.
References: <kw8i7.2362$xb.2178663@news1.mntp1.il.home.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 179
Date: Mon, 27 Aug 2001 09:33:27 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.41.24.244
X-Complaints-To: abuse@onemain.com
X-Trace: nntp2.onemain.com 998918959 64.41.24.244 (Mon, 27 Aug 2001 09:29:19 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 27 Aug 2001 09:29:19 EDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:112086



"Scott T. Jensen" wrote:

> Thirty-eight levels and I still move the cursor over to the name of the
> group members in the group list on the right side of the screen ... click on
> it ... move cursor over to my social keys on the left side of the screen and
> click on stand ... move up my keys ... click on the appropriate heal social
> key ... move down and click on sit.  Very inefficient.  Have accidentally
> clicked on and even healed mobs.  Time to break this bad habit and become
> more smoother and efficient.  Here's what I think will do the job.  Tell me
> what you think.
>

I have Sit on my hotkey bank.  Not /sit on and /sit off socials, but the
actual dragged-out-of-main Sit key.  That changes to Stand when I'm
sitting and Sit when I'm standing, which gives me visual confirmation
of my current status.  I've never bothered building sit/stand instructions
into my socials, since I've trained myself over the lifespan of numerous
characters, every single hotkey bank has sit in the number two position.

Likewise, most of my hotkey banks have the actual melee attack button
in slot one.  Visual confirmation of what is going on there (button greys
out during weapon cycle time) is very helpful.

Some of my cleric banks have /assist in that number one slot instead,
(and I have autoattack off for assists) for those occaisions when I'll
never want to take a swing at anything, which has been more and
more the case since I hit 44 (thats like 20th for the non-melee oriented
clerics out there)

> My Out of Mana ("Out of mana.  Medding.") button would be in the seventh
> slot (again, due to ergo keyboard break).  Low on Mana ("Low on mana.  20%
> or less as of this moment.") key being in the eighth slot.  Putting
> Spellbook Main button on the first slot.  Sit/Stand Main button on the
> second slot.  Last two slots I've been putting in my non-component AC and HP
> buffs (currently Guard and Valor), but only so I can make a social to raise
> my Sense Heading.  Anyone got a better thing to do with these two slots?
> Anyone have a better arrangement or suggestion for any or all these slots?
>

OOM and LOM are very easy to type.  I find that good groupmates do
follow along with the more informative
FM 90M 80M 60M 40M 20M 10M OOM
sequence I use... but all of those are typed, and I only type them if it
seems relevant.  I can also call the action on my own by saying GTG,
but I really don't do that as often as some.

Spellbook button seems like a bit of a waste, too, since the spellbook
logo is right there under your spell icons, and you'll be using the cursor
to select spells anyway.  Oh, I guess in the Meditate needs the book
open ranges this might be relevant.

Raise your sense heading off the right arrow, you'll hit it a -lot- as you
wander norrath, and won't be forced to dedicate hotkeys to things
that don't make much sense.  I mean, you hit AC buff what, three times
an hour?  Thats not going to do anything noticable for your sense
heading.  Pun inexcusable, by definition.

>
> By using the F and number keys to do heals, I would then rest my cursor on
> the Divine Barrier gem for when things hit the fan.  Gate gem being right
> below it for when the fan hits us.
>

Divine Barrier is vastly inferior to Divine Aura.  It takes longer to cast,
meaning you have a much better chance of getting interrupted, costs more,
meaning you have a much better chance of getting the "not enough mana"
message, and the only benefit is a very small regen component.  Its
vaguely possible that this regen will take you out of the "hurt so badly that
even under SOW you can't outrun that mob" range, but this is more of
a hope than a plan.

I only mem DB when I'm in a situation where I might need to DA more
than once every 15 minutes, and only as a second Invulnerable option.

>
> Also lately, I've been having no damage spells in my mem roster.  Here's my
> typical mem roster:
>
> Superior Healing
> Greater Healing
> Guard
> Valor
> Symbol of Pinzarn*
> Armor of Protection
> Divine Barrier
> Gate
>

While having Valor memmed makes some
sense, I'd make that your "buff slot" and
swap in Guard or Symbol as needed.
Valor makes a good light heal when time
isn't of the essense, and using it as such
rather than strictly as a buff means that
you'll rarely have to spend the mana
on buffing the party with it... well, never
the party, since valor will be staggered
so that it only wears out on one person at a time.

Armor of Protection?  While a great spell,
there's no reason on earth I can think of to
keep it memmed.  It casts only on you,
takes too long and is ineffiecient to use as
a self heal.  It also lasts twice as long as
your other buffs, so the odds that you'll be
needing it any time soon are even lower.

> Now I know chanters who are constantly swapping out spells in their
> spellbooks and not sure if I should be doing the same.  For example, the AC
> and HP buffs last a long time and normally I can recast them during a
> downtime between battles.  Not always, but most of the times.  Also they
> suck so much mana out of me that it really needs to be during the downtime
> for anyone but the pulling and receiving tanks and the enchanter.  I've
> thought of putting in the three stun spells (Stun, Holy Might, and Force),
> but not sure if they're really mana efficient and they seem to get resisted
> a LOT.  Also I'd only think I'd use them if there wasn't a druid or chanter
> (shammy?) in the group since they're better stun guns than I am.  Stuns
> don't stack, right?  Only the best one applies or is it the first one
> successfully cast on the mob sticks and subsequent ones are ignored?
>

The three stun spells are very effective, and you can keep a mob
perpetually stunned using them if need be.  One of the best spells
a cleric has is the level five spell, it is resisted less than the rest it has
no damage component, casts faster than the others, costs very
little, and doesn't break Mez, which means you can use it as a temporary
mez to let the chanter stick the real thing, and not worry about your
timing; if he sticks his mez first, no harm done.

The other stuns are primarily used to chain stun a mob in
order to interrrupt or prevent spell casting.  If you aren't facing
a mob that can't be allowed to cast, then there's no real need
for them.  The damage they do is by and large ignorable, sort
of like the amount of damage a wizard will do in melee.

You are about to undergo a sea change, when you hit 39
you'll get the CHeal spell, which will let you group effectively
with much higher level tanks... pretty much the only spell
you'll cast on a post 50 warrior, since the other heals are
so tiny as to be ignorable.  You will still want your big and
small heals for the rest of your party, although more often
than not you'll be better off casting your best HP buff instead
to heal them.  Don't worry about CHeal on people your
level, it takes a long time, a lot of mana, and you really won't be
getting value for the mana compared to SHeal or the best spell
in the 40s game, Celestial.

>
> Scott Jensen
> a.k.a. Sunbreeze, 38th lvl Halfling cleric on Tunare server
>

Here's my layout

Immobilize (root slot; immobilize is fast cast, sometimes I use
     Enstill if I'm going to want things to stay put for a long time)
Celestial (strongest heal)
Remedy (quick light heal)
Complete (my real job these days, most groups)
Heroic Bond (group HP buff, useable as group heal too... you have
  nothing comperable, I'd go with your single HP buff unless you
  are facing AOE damage a lot, in which case try word of health)
Stun
Divine Barrier or Gate (backup plan)
Divine Aura

Heroic bond is my hot swap spot for other buffs, and I always
make a point of swapping it back in when I'm done buffing.

If I don't have a real tank (warrior, paladin, SK) in the group
I'll swap in a nuke for the CHeal, noone else is worth casting
it on.

Bergh Brelltender
52 vicar, Morel Thule




