From 7050321686250006337
X-Google-Thread: fb739,96a8342eb03ae72d
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,96a8342eb03ae72d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid100ff8,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg
Subject: Re: EQ2 NDA Lifted
Date: Sat, 16 Oct 2004 14:42:54 -0700
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10n359iakjuv693@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <10n0tshs7nvno57@news.supernews.com> <rru0n059vrqgsu3sudbaida1atam96feif@4ax.com> <10n146etm77jk11@news.supernews.com> <6p41n09q8oa65stbll1t3ih7579pdtgtgo@4ax.com> <Xns95845B70BE792unkadunk@24.93.43.121> <10n2prtappm7qb8@news.supernews.com> <41718B41.ED5EC323@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 155
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:19506 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:19227


"Annie Benson-Lennaman" <teapray@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com> wrote in message 
news:41718B41.ED5EC323@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com...

 >   Ok, here I have to ask, what does the word "Casual player" mean to you?

Well, Annie, I have to admit that I've never been comfortable with the term 
(it's so overloaded) so I don't know *what* it means to others and I don't 
know what people mean when they say here (as they often do) that EQ2 is 
aimed at "the casual player". If the continuum between casual and hardcore 
describes a progressive need to obtain loot and items that allow you to make 
an effective contribution to teams of your level, then I would say that 
EverQuest is pretty hard core, CoH is extremely casual and EQ2 is closer to 
EQ than CoH. Since I can only speak of levels 1-20, and the game at release 
spans to 50, I have no idea whether this will remain true post-20. Loot is a 
big factor in EQ2 as it is in EQ, but I haven't experienced enough 
granularity to tell what kind of difference this makes in effectiveness at 
levels 1-20. No one in my experience has looked at a tank and said "Sorry, 
he's not geared enough for this encounter (as often happens in EQ and never 
happens in CoH).

> The groups I disliked the most in EQLive, barring the ones that
> contained the random occasional jerk, are ones where things were going so
> smoothly that all I had to do was cast the occasional Complete Heal to 
> make
> everyone happy (note, in groups like this I would always do more, such as
> stunning, nuking, making myself more useful in general).  Groups I loved
> the most?  The ones where I was in charge of healing and crowd control,
> leading adds away from the MA and parking them with root, then running 
> back
> and healing, stunning as I could, in general working my butt off to keep
> the party alive.

Sounds like you will enjoy an active role in EQ2, although there are 
probably fewer tactical choices available to you for pure combat support. 
Only one class gets root (Mages) and crowd control is the province of 
Enchanters. The healing model is very different, however, and I like it. 
Here's how it works.

I'm a Shaman, and my specialty is Wards. Yeah, I have Slow and DoTs, and I 
use them, but my hallmark ability as a healer is preventing damage in the 
first place, not healing it. I get instant heals like a Cleric, and a some 
Regeneration spells like a Druid, but not as powerful as theirs. In EQ2 
you'll find that most groups have a couple of healers in them. Almost every 
group I've been in has been like this. Shaman/Druid, Druid/Cleric, 
Shaman/Shaman, it really doesn't matter that much, SOE really did achieve 
the stated goal of making us all equally effective at keeping the tank 
alive. When I cast my Ward on the tank before he pulls, this is my way of 
saying GTG and he goes ahead and pulls. My Wards are big and powerful and 
will absorb a lot of damage before wearing out, which means that the tank 
doesn't need any healing. If we're facing a particularly tough mob, his hits 
may take out my Ward in one hit in which case the Cleric is healing and I'm 
casting another Ward, and so on. Meanwhile, the Druid is casting Regens so 
that the recovery is faster, and so on. We're a very nice eco-system 
supporting each other, each of us armed with variants of each other's 
spells, but strengths of our own. But when it comes down to people LFG, they 
don't ask if you're a Shaman, a Druid or a Cleric, they just want a couple 
of "healers". The system really works as intended.

>   Here's what hardcore mean to me in reference to EQ (and other MMORPGs, I
> suppose).  Having to join a guild and spend long hours chewing through
> content in order to get good enough gear to chew through higher content to
> get better gear.

Yes, it looks like both of us are gravitating toward gear-centricity as one 
element of hardcore-ness. So I think we're speaking the same language here.

> Other aspects of this would be having to group to get any
> items of worth or experience at a rate that seems reasonable (if I solo, I
> expect to get less experience than if I group, but it shouldn't take forty
> times longer to progress).

I don't solo as much because I don't enjoy it as much, but I think SOE has 
achieved their stated goal of making all classes eminently soloable. Still, 
I see less soloing going on in this game than I have in any other MMOG I can 
think of offhand. Groups are pretty much everywhere.

>   Other questions about EQII, if you don't mind:
> Does it have player creatable chat channels (and does it seem it will have
> serverwide chat channels)?

Yes, the chat system is very easy to manage and has a nice checkbox UI now, 
no /commands to master. I haven't seen a serverwide channel yet, but it 
wouldn't surprise me to see it show up since the system is so similar to 
EQ's ( e.g., "/2 Test", "/join Crafting", etc).

> Does it have an in game mapping system that shows one's position on the
> map?

Yes, no stick figures either. Nice, hand drawn graphics with icons 
representing some key locations but mostly unannotated. Unfortunately, no 
ability to supplementally annotate.

> Does it have an in game email system?

Nope, wish it did.

> Is it very difficult to learn the crafting system from in game 
> information?

Yes, it's not an intuitive system at all. Please read my thread above on 
"Crafting in EQ2 - A very long post" for my summary. There is a FAQ in the 
artisan section of the forums (not sure if those are public yet), but imo 
it's not all that well written from the standpoint of getting you started, 
but it provides some basic data points for reference.

> Does one have an inventory system like EQLive?

Yep, 6 slots that can hold bags. Current bags are limited to 4-6 slots, with 
a few quested that go to 8-10. Weight is a factor and coins add their usual 
amount, and I've yet to see weight reducing bags, although the bags I have 
seen contain the stat so I expect to see them in the future.

>  Is it hard to get to a
> vendor to sell if you are out in the wild?

There are merchants out in the wild, I have never found this to be an issue 
and have never been too heavily weighted or encumbered. As a crafter, I made 
up tons of 6-slot bags so my situation may be different, but I almost always 
have many spare slots open even after heavy adventuring.

One thing that's nice is that there's a lot of "virtual" items in quests. 
So, for example, if you're supposed to go to talk to Foozle about getting 
the flimboozle from him and delivering it back to gukta, you dont actually 
get an item that requires an inventory slot, it will show up on screen as a 
journal update ("You have acquired gukta's flimboozle") and will be 
reflected as such in your handy quest journal, and even your delivery later 
will be reflected, but you don't actually have to carry anything taking up 
inventory.

> Is there a system in place to
> facilitate sales to others players?

Yep, see my Crafting thread above. Not all good news there, I'm afraid. But, 
the market browse system works very nicely. You can use brokers in various 
towns (no more Bazaar!) to see what's for sale, and you can purchase right 
from them directly for a small cut, or you can visit the house of the player 
and get the direct price from the player. This has the added benefit of 
creating some incentive for people to visit you in your house and therefore 
the incentive for people to customize their houses with nice furnishings 
etc. There is a TON of stuff that you can do to your house including 
replacing the flooring, a variety of paintings, furniture, and so on. This 
is going to be fun. ;-)

> Have griefers found a way yet to PK unwilling players?

There is no PvP and as far as I've seen no griefing of any kind that's much 
of an issue. At least I haven't seen any evidence of it. Critics will 
complain that the game design forcibly removes some of the choices that 
would allow griefing. My response is that this is probably true, but on 
balance, the fun seems to have remained and increased exponentially as a 
result. As always, YMMV. ;-)





