From 6256233077244022243
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5c861f5dc8333b94,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-02-10 11:33:35 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Great LDoN Recoveries
Date: Tue, 10 Feb 2004 11:33:51 -0800
Organization: Absolved
Message-ID: <102icgbsv978cda@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 112
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:18707

LDoN added a cool twist to EverQuest, providing a great opportunity to
alternate between the slow, steady pace of an experience grind, with the
fast hectic pace of a timed mission. Sometimes these adventures go to hell
in a handbasket and you run around trying to find a way to salvage them. I
think these are some of the most fun game moments.

I had one last night that I'll never forget. It was a Normal Collect with a
65 CLR, 65 WIZ, 65 MAG, 65 ROG, 65 WAR and 65 SHM (me). I formed the group,
picked the adventure and then led the team across Everfrost to the dungeon.
What I didn't know was that on the way the Cleric apparently slipped into an
*icehole* in the river (at 1405, -4584) and got stuck under the ice. I heard
the gsay, but it sounded like they were joking and there were lots of lols
and rofls so I guess I didn't take it too seriously.  But it turns out the
CLR was actually under the ice, unable to find the hole to surface. Not
really taking notice, I kept heading for the dungeon entrance.

The run from the Everfrost wayfarer's camp to the dungeon entrance is very
short and easy, so I usually just run to camp once I have an adventure and
start buffing there. When I got to the dungeon entrance inside the little
tower the MAG was there sitting on the ice without a mount. Without any
warning a small horde of orcs materialized and were all over him.  Now he's
a MAG 65 and should have been able to handle this nuisance pretty easily.
But I'm not sure if he was AFK or what but he wasn't responding, he just
stood there taking nominal hits on his fragile little gnomish body. I have a
nuke loaded as part of my travel spellset  (oops, I should have loaded my
group buff set while I was picking the adventure) so I wasn't concerned. I
took aim and fired a shot. Except for some reason instead of casting, my
waving arms apparently hit the dungeon entrance portal and suddenly I am
porting into our dungeon.

So now here I am all alone inside the dungeon with the clock ticking and
about this time I realize that our CLR is outside somewhere drowning because
she can't find the hole to get above the ice. I can hear all the ROG and the
WAR telling her to /yell so that they can find her (apparently they haven't
found the ice hole yet). The CLR announces that she is going to have to Gate
to get out of her predicament. I decided that it would probably be quicker
to EB and Levitate her and help guide her to the opening so I make a quick
turn to head back out of the zone.

Now this is Everfrost, and if you know what these dungeons look like you can
appreciate where I started - up on an icy ledge with the portal on the floor
down below. I jump down to run to the exit and as I'm jumping I have the
vague sensation that I'm acting carelessly and, sure enough, I plop down in
the middle of a couple of hungry DB gobbos who are thrilled to see a lone,
unbuffed adventurer for a change. I take some hits and make a beeline for
the portal and in a few seconds I'm outside again. I make a mental note that
the MAG is not here and I start running toward the river in search of my
drowning CLR. As I'm running I notice the message above that our WIZ has
gone linkdead. This is where I first start seriously thinking: we're
screwed.

Somehow I find the icehole and I see an assembled group of people standing
around trying to make suggestions to the unfortunate CLR under the ice,
flayling arms. Fortunately, my travel spellset includes Levitation so I'm
able to do a quick stop, turn, target CLR, and cast Levitate. I start
searching for my EB. Now, I don't know if he was just being dumb, or struck
by a fit of chivalry in true character, but for some reason our big ogre WAR
decided that the thing to do would be to jump in and try to save our CLR,
and so he dives in, under the ice. I have no idea what he thought he would
be able to do down there with her, but it was kind of funny, in a tragic,
romantic comedy kind of way. The Levitate lands through the ice (whew). I
find and load EB and give her that too, so now she's out of the woods and
manages to find the way back to the ice hole and out. Except now our ogre is
stuck and he's flogging around under the ice trying to find his way out. For
some reason I have this vision in my head of being on an airplane and
hearing the flight attendants' suggestion that in the event of a cabin
de-pressurization, please put on your own mask before trying to help others
with theirs. I'm thinking that this ogre is the kind of guy who would
probably suffocate and pass out while putting masks on his entire family.
Anyway I go through the same routine with him until we've got him back up on
top of the ice and we're all in a state of semi-shock looking at each other.

Meanwhile, the MAG is back and yelling at us for entering the dungeon
without telling him and so he ports in as we we start running our way back
to the dungeon entrance. It's about this time that I remember the situation
at the zone in, but even if I hadn't remembered, the colorful reports coming
from the MAG inside are enough to bring it all back. The reports get even
more colorful and after the rest of us manage to zone in, I see that he has
zoned back out again.

So, here we are inside the dungeon with the clock having ticked off several
wasted minutes, short by two group members, no buffs, no pets, no plan,
engaging 3 angry mobs at the zone in entrance and I've got travel spells
loaded. I go through the usual futile attempt to sit and load new spells
only to auto-stand up and respond to the immediate flurry of hits I take,
until I get smart and run off to a safe spot where I can experience that
unique sensation of guilt that only casters know, of sitting down while my
comrades are taking the heat. Great feeling, that.

After a glorious and amazingly efficient fight we take out the gobbos. I see
the MAG has re-entered and is starting to set up his pet. The WIZ returns
from Linkdead and enters the dungeon. I invite him back, we welcome him back
and I announce that I'm getting my Pet and starting group buffs. The WIZ
looks around and I'm sure is wondering why the hell we're still at the
entrance and buffing inside and, well, I just didn't have the energy to
through the whole explanation ... to this day, I don't think anyone ever
told him the story.

After that it was just a matter of execution and technique and I'm happy to
say that we pulled it off. But what a helluva start. After we were all done
with the split, I headed over to HoH and parked myself in a good basement
group where I sat for a couple of hours on a mount and did a nice boring
experience grind. ;-) Gotta love this game.

-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Prophet of 65 Winters
Citizen of Firiona Vie





