From -9134560959925293881
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bae7d1c3df79ef4f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-10-24 16:22:48 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!ps01-chi1.MISMATCH!chi1.webusenet.com!rip!news.webusenet.com!feed2.newsreader.com!newsreader.com!yellow.newsread.com!bad-news.newsread.com!netaxs.com!newsread.com!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3DB87E6A.93151552@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Group W Bench
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 80
Date: Thu, 24 Oct 2002 23:18:15 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.252.214
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1035501495 66.109.252.214 (Thu, 24 Oct 2002 19:18:15 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 24 Oct 2002 19:18:15 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:241040

Pickup raid on PoI... ick, I know.  But had a LFG flag up in PoT,
got a tell, ran over and got not a group invite, but a raid
invite.

I popped up my raid window (alt r) and took a look.  Long list of
open slots, divided into groups; 10 groups of 6 looked like the
limit.  Raid leader was group one leader, I was in a special
(group W) box down at the bottom listing ungrouped people.

Then raid leader started telling me names to invite in raid
channel.  I invited one, pop, I'm out of the group W bench and up
as group two leader, and the guy I invited was in group 2, along
with being in my group window as usual.

I invited some people who weren't in the raid, and others who got
in group W before I found them.  I could click on their names to
target them from group W if they were there, which was easier
than typing out /target whasisname.

The raid window shows every person in the raid, which group they
are in, who each group leader is, shows class and level for each
person.  Does not, sadly, show HP for each person, nor of course
does it show their pets.

You can click on any name in the raid window to target that
person.

You can also go thru and flag each class with its own color.  I
flagged clerics, but what I really should have flagged would be
warriors, other tanks, enchanters.. you know, the classes I'm
likely to need to heal.  This would have made selecting them
easy, and checking their HP relatively easy.

Exp.  I got my first "you got raid exp" message.  Wow.  The
thrill died off after a while when we realized how badly it
sucked... but at least there was something.  More importantly,
you knew there was noone getting it all... and most importantly
at all, nooone was going stupid flat out in an attempt to KS the
rest of us.

Further, (and we didn't do this) it would be a lot easier to set
things up in more sensible group arrangements, such as putting
bard cleric necro in one group for more efficient use of mana...
this group would suck as far as any chance of getting the KS, but
with KS out the window, its all about efficiency.  Heck, you get
as much exp in the group W bench as you do in the 5 rogues and a
wizard team.

Loot.  Assignable loot priviledges meant that there was
absolutely no chance of ninja looting before item was identified;
only the RL had loot permission at first, then only designated
looters.  Not that anything interesting dropped, but control over
this will make a pickup raid a lot more comfortable.  I think
assignable after drop would be nice, and "anyone in the raid"
should definately be an option.

If it wasn't for reports that raid exp is 60% of what a group
would get, I'd use raid window for even a 6 man team.  Class,
level, and color coding made things much easier to keep track of
than the old fashioned group window.  For raid purposes, its
beyond brilliant.  So very very much better than what I've been
coping with the last couple years!

Troubles.  When the raid was all present, we tried to rearrange
groups.  Well this was a mess.  You'd think I could disband
people out of my group and have them still in raid, just on the
Group W bench.  But no, I'd disband the wrong person, some people
went out of raid completely, then I disbanded my whole group but
was still in raid (and someone else was leading the remaining two
person group 2...)  Then I couldnt' invite anyone despite being
on the Group W bench, as I wasn't a group leader.  OK, I dropped
out of raid, got reinvited, and was able to invite other people
as usual.  Back to group 2 leader, things got cleaned up.... but
it wasn't as simple as it should have been.  I'm not certain this
was a bug, may have been people dropping out on their own while I
was trying to disband them, a little lag on the response time
could account for those weird results.

Bergh 'rehabilitated' Brelltender



