From -757161389461533793
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ce05e6fcbe6b50cb
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-30 22:51:13 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <sorry@nospamforme.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Attitude versus Skill
Date: Tue, 30 Dec 2003 22:46:26 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <vv4sdc5g76av90@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <sorry@nospamforme.com>
References: <bsstvn02o71@enews2.newsguy.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 88
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13762


"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:bsstvn02o71@enews2.newsguy.com...

> He screamed at the clerics in guildchat, telling one of our nicest and
most
> senior clerics to "ST*U" and ranting and raving for several minutes

<snippage>

> What's your opinion?

I don't have much tolerance for people who are consistently abusive. If this
were an anomaly I'd be willing to put it behind me, anyone can blow a gasket
under the right circumstances. But failure to acknowledge this after the
fact and a reliance on the "benevolent dictatorship" notion to rationalize
the outburst seems like pretty bad news to me.

At first blush it looks like you're facing a very unpleasant dichotomy:
either you put up with the bullshit or you give up the ability to meet some
important personal goals. But I submit there's another possibility: stand
your ground and be firm about what you think is wrong with their attitude.
In my experience, people generally respect and recognize the truth when they
see it, they just need someone who's willing to articulate it. That's real
leadership. It's a risk, but you're already at risk for having raised the
subject in forum in the first place, right? By backing off and accepting the
leader's response I think you run a greater risk of losing the respect of
others watching from the sidelines, many of whom probably support what
you're saying and are glad that someone was willing to speak up. It's an
opportunity for real leadership and a chance to influence the future
direction of your guild. You don't have to whine or argue, just be
confidently firm in your position on what is RIGHT and what is not.

> What amazed me, though, is how many people in the thread on our private
> board said that we shouldn't criticize his behavior because of his skill.

Classic management problem. In my experience, skills alone aren't what
determine the success or failure of teams. They're at best a baseline
requirement for participation. Team cohesion is at least as important a
factor, and often makes up for slight skill differences. In my business I
manage technology professionals and whenever I have a choice between
technology skills and people/team skills, I will always choose the
people/team skills. We can learn the technology skills and we'll figure out
the tough technology problems. But without a team that's willing to act like
a team and treat each other with respect, it's rarely possible to achieve
greatness.

Maybe you don't need greatness to get to the final endgame in EverQuest. And
if that's the case, and you're willing to put up with whatever comes, then
maybe that's ok. Ultimately, the real question here isn't what can be done
about your guild, it's what's important to Richard Lawson.

> Is it possible to have a guild where you have sufficient numbers to
progress
> in Time and hold your guildmembers to a high standard of behavior?

Of course it is! It's probably rare, but not because it's hard to mix
success with a good working environment, many successful businesses disprove
that notion every day. But it's harder in the game world because:

a) it's a purely voluntary system, with very little leadership leverage and
ephemeral commitment; and
b) the relatively low level of professional experience of most gamers.

In my view, this just provides more opportunity for you to provide some
leadership to the less experienced. People will follow leaders who show them
a path to where they want to be. You've obviously shown that you can achieve
the things that many of them want and my guess is that they will follow your
lead.

> and I *really* don't want to change servers - all my friends are on
Drinal.

Where were your friends before Drinal? You'll make plenty of new friends
wherever you go. I've had this same sort of apprehension whenever I've moved
from MMOG to MMOG. What in fact happened was that I enjoyed many more good
friendships as a result, and in fact several have moved with me over time so
that I'm now playing EQ again with friends I met in AO, SWG and DAoC.

Whatever happens, good luck! I'm sure the end result will be a better game
environment for you and those around you.

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Oracle-Shaman of 60 Winters
Citizen of Firiona Vie





