From 4425683691468849442
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4b19c212142b57e1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-18 14:55:31 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!wn11feed!wn12feed!worldnet.att.net!204.127.198.204!attbi_feed4!attbi.com!rwcrnsc53.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3E00FD86.B0A4E8D1@rcsis.com>
From: Justisaur <rpilliard@rcsis.com>
Reply-To: justisaur.nospam@netscape.nospam.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.79 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Mistmoor story update (25+ hunting ) 
References: <3DFFEABA.C2255EAF@rcsis.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 110
NNTP-Posting-Host: 12.246.178.15
X-Complaints-To: abuse@attbi.com
X-Trace: rwcrnsc53 1040252134 12.246.178.15 (Wed, 18 Dec 2002 22:55:34 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 18 Dec 2002 22:55:34 GMT
Organization: AT&T Broadband
Date: Wed, 18 Dec 2002 22:55:34 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:253499

So I log on last night get my c3, and head back, forgot I was bound at
the zone, so I wait around for the portal in the nexus DOH!

I get there, there's a few people sitting at the zone, I figure must be
a train on the other side, I think I'll go check it out.  I zone into
MM.  I get hit by a dark huntress for 127 points of damage!  The next
hit knocks me out of the zone fortunately.  

I freak.  What's this crap!  So I heal up, wait for these other guys to
go back in and sneak back in.  I watch the fight, notice she's red,
wonder how red.  Fight doesn't last very long before they zone out
again.  She comes after me, she's down to 2 bubbles of health so I
figure I'll root her and blast away.  Root sticks, I blast, root falls,
she hits me, I can't take 127 hp hits for very long, so I zone.

I heal up again, and figure I'll wait a bit and she'll go back to whence
she came from.  I go back in and see she's kicking the sh*t out of the
othe mobs.  I tell my guild.  I wait for her to go away, she finally doe
after wiping out the entrance.  I wait for a pop, the other people come
back in, we start killing a couple pops.  Then the Dark Huntress shows
up again.  We all zone out again.

I figure I'll look her up on google.  Only reference is one page on
allakazim.  I look it up, she's a way underconned lv 50 mob with 10k hp,
doesn't drop anything, and is difficult for a solo 60, varying reports
on where she spawns and if or when she depops...  Well I figure I'll
just go get my enchanter (lv 54), and bring my frind a lv 54 wizy and
kick her out.  One of the othe peeps there has a Lv 55 ranger he's going
to bring too.  I get my enchanter get there, buff up, don't wait for my
wizy friend, but the ranger is there, buff him up too. I go in, can't
find her.  So I start buffing up the lowbies (I can say that now I'm
playing my main :).  She shows up, I have my pet, I mez her just too see
if it would work, it did.  But the darn ranger has to throw a dot on her
;(.  she hits me, my animation goes at it, and I stun & root her.  Well
my spells are sticking o.k. So I slap her with a dot too.  The ranger is
waling on her, she takes him down to a sliver before he decides to zone
really quick.  My pet doesn't last long.  she's barely dented in health
beyond the 3 bubbles she was down when we got in.  I start root/nuke
sequence, this is having an effect I can see.  Ranger comes back at full
health and starts wailing on her again.  She goes down as I'm at 20 %
mana, I get xp.  My wizy friend shows up.  Dollar short and a day late
as usuall.

I log back on my cleric, and join with the 3 guys there, we kick the
yard trash in no time, I suggest going to jail, ranger's alt (a rogue)
suggests graveyard, no one listens to me as usual.  We get to graveyard
no prob.  Rogue has to tell newbie ranger how to pull, I mention I've
got c3 and can calm, they ignore me again, and proceed to take forever
to pull stuff, we waste it.  I'm boilling over with mana and healling
the shaman so he can canibalize, he seems to know his stuff well. 
Ranger gets a bad pull, and gets the last couple mobs there, an imp and
a caster.  We take em down but it was tough, probably would have died
had it not been for my c3.  We wait interminably long for repops, just
about the time I have to log I finally get the shaman and I full mana. 
Two sacraficial daggers were had by the shaman and ranger, who won
rolls, I didn't really care, I don't think they were worth much any
more, and I've got a 54 enchanter if I get really short of money anyway.

... Morning.  I log in, I don't have long today have to go buy some
christmas presents, and pick up my mail 10 miles away.  I assume I've
crossed someone as I zoned, because there's a bunch of mobs at zone,
some beat up, and no one in the zone except me.  I zone out. see a
caster of some sort, she takes off before I got her name.  I go back
in.  There's a Glyphed Sentry standing there beat down to 2 bubles.  I
con him, remembering the Dark Huntress.  He's yellow.  I figure I can
take him.  I start taking him down, suddenly he starts healing himself,
he's healing faster than I'm doing dammage.  Eventually I give up and
zone, heal up, med up, and go back in.  He's not around.  I go down and
start pulling.  I get two glyphed sentries, including the garg and
initiate.  I zone again.  

I'm still not sure where these two higher level mobs are comming from, I
had noticed something similar yesterday, pulling 2 higher lv mobs. but
I've never seen their spawn point so I could calm them.  Very annoying.

So I heal, med, zone in again.  Calm mobs on tower pull from left for a
change...  I get a light blue & blue, I kill off the light blue while
rooting the blue.  I start killing the blue near the zone.  About 2
bubbles left on him, he starts healing, fast!  I root him, back up and
sart stun/nuke sequence.   I see the green leafy particles around him,
AS HE's STUNNED.  I figure something else must be healing him. I finish
him, but it was hard.  I start running around hitting f8 but nothing
comes up.  Wish I could find what's doing the healing.  I go pull again,
and stay on the ramp, where I'd killed the 1st mob.  No healing here, so
I can continue my day as usual.  I manage to space out the glyphed
sentries, this time I take them down, hard fight, but I get like 1+1/2
blues from each!  Much easier to kill without something healing them.  

I'm still not able to get to the graveyard solo, have to DA when I get a
5 pull from bad pathing where the mob ran away from me and got friends.
:(, but 2 hours after I log on it's DING 29!!!  Short day for me so I
get my spells and log.

	Moral of the story:  Watch out for wierd stuff in Mistmoor.  Mob
healing, move em somewhere else.  Bad pathing, causes overpulls, but can
be used to your advantage as well.  Stuff pulled to the zone tends to
come back there.  Still a great place to be but very quirky.

	Questions:  Does anyone know where those two slightly higher lv mobs
are comming from when I pull stuff off or near the tower?  
Where might be the mob that's healing stuff at the zone?  
And where's the undead at this lv?  I want to blast undead!

I'm thinking of going to Dalnir after mistmoor peeters out whenever that
is, loved that place, but I remember 100's of CRs as well I think.

- Justisaur -
Justi 54 Enchanter
Justiger 29 Cleric
Brell.


