From 4744803958925746877
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4f2f3d5a3a8522d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!tdsnet-transit!newspeer.tds.net!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Demise as a business model?
Date: Fri, 11 Jun 2004 12:12:59 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10ck0uqd9obf89a@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <O4mdnaP0bffZWVTdRVn-sw@dejazzd.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 80
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:5899


"Lance Berg" <emporer@dejazzd.com> wrote in message
news:O4mdnaP0bffZWVTdRVn-sw@dejazzd.com...

> Why replace your successful game?

Interesting question. Here's my very completely speculative take on it.

SOE is a publicly traded company and the name of the game for public
companies is shareholder value, as represented by stock price. That's really
all it's about for Sony, whichever business unit you look at (and ultimately
EverQuest is just another business unit within Sony). Shareholder value and
stock price are ultimately derived from the perception of the marketplace as
it affects the supply and demand for Sony shares. The relevant perceptions
depend on the nature of the company and how actively traded they are. As a
mega corporate entity with worldwide stature and positioning as perhaps the
premier consumer products company in the universe, Sony gets most of its
shareholder activity from the largest institutional investors, and their
activity is based primarily on the opinions of analysts in the market. Since
most investors are looking for capital *growth*, one of the biggest factors
influencing analyst recommendations is the prospect of revenue *growth* and
its contribution to earnings growth. Flat revenues are just slightly more
interesting than declining revenues, growth is what it's all about. Lots of
things figure into growth: time in market, competition and competitive
barriers to entry, new product plans and so on.

The leading analysts in the entertainment sector are making recommendations
to institutional investors based on their assessment of how well Sony is
expected to perform as a capital growth opportunity. Of course, gaming is a
miniscule contributor to the Sony empire. Still, perception is what it's all
about and no public company can afford to have business units that are
perceived to be running flat or declining for long. I don't have any
numbers, but I'd guess that revenues are currently declining at SOE and this
is a big black eye for someone within the Sony corporate hierarchy, causing
lots of pressure on all the associated players to *do something*. The kinds
of things I would expect to see them *do* are new product announcements and
programs designed for retention of existing customers. And that's what we're
seeing now, a lot of attention being directed at new products (SWG,
Planetside, EverQuest Online Adventures, Lords of EverQuest, all the EQ
expansions and of course EQ2), and programs focused on customer retention
(new SOE forums, Smedley letter, EverQuest guild Summit). I'm guessing that
someone's job at SoE is on the line within Sony and the message is getting
through to them that they've got to do something to turn the trend around.

I'm speculating here because I don't have the numbers, but I suspect that
Star Wars Galaxies was perceived as a big success within SOE initially, but
probably not currently meeting expectations due to dropoffs in new unit
sales and flat or declining subscriptions relatively early on in the game's
lifecycle. There's been pretty consistent speculation in this newsgroup
about declining EverQuest subscriptions. I've no idea how EoA is doing, but
I'm pretty sure that LoE has been a dismal failure. Planetside? Dunno, but
I've never understood the long term proposition for that one as a
subscription-based game and I wouldn't be surprised to hear that it's also
flat to declining and again, relatively early in its lifecycle.

So, looking at this picture, where's an analyst going to see the growth
potential? In a world so heavily oriented toward sequels that leverage an
installed fanbase (Sony is after all, one of the bigger players in Hollywood
sequel-itis), it's no surprise to me that the biggest bets are being made on
EQ2. It's the usual "safe" box office play: leverage an existing fan base
that is huge and already loyal to the brand, give them something new to
extend their loyalty and create a new vehicle for delivery of more product
with minimal investment in new branding, etc.

It's not so much the demise of the original that's at the heart of this
strategy (although planned obsolescence has always been a respectable
business strategy), it's really just a natural migration path for a
successful franchise. Milk it for all its worth while you have it, start
planting the seeds for the sequel while you're still counting the money, and
get used to the idea that most of your user base is going to make a move
away from the original product at some point and hope that the move they
make is to your sequel.
-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Elder Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie





