From 3485278106755195544
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,981e81e366b35715,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-29 06:44:56 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <885a3d7edd628d94652318a551992a82@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!central.cox.net!east.cox.net!peer02.cox.net!cox.net!news3.optonline.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Wed, 29 Oct 2003 14:40:46 GMT
Lines: 100
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 6: The Chancellor of Di'Zok
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:4931

Chapter 6: The Chancellor of Di'Zok

Loral was enraged by the loss at the hands of Lady Vox. Watching his 
friends crushed and clawed like ants was more than his mind could take. 
He vowed to find what lead to this treachery and destroy it. He would 
help rescue Fironia Vie and avenge the deaths of the heroes he fought along.

Months later, while assisting in the war against the Kromdek, great 
giants who battled the Antonican armies, Loral found a clue. A Sarnak 
knight had struck at Loral's party and was quickly cut down by the 
blades of Shagnaz, the ranger, a long time friend of Loral. On his body 
they found a note signed by the circle of scale. Loral gave the note to 
Dinirose, Shagnaz' wife, a highly skilled enchanter and expert of dragon 
lore. She translated the note for Loral.

The note was from the Chancellor of Di'Zok to his lord. It stated that 
the circle of scale gave a reward to the lord for his help in protecting 
Lady Vox. This reward was in the possession of the Chancellor and he 
would be expecting Di'Zok's gate commander, Korasal Klyseer, to come and 
pick up the key. Loral had heard stories of this commander, a 
shadowknight who delighted in reanimating his victims and using them to 
fight for him later.

Loral had no intention of it ever being retrieved. He traveled back to 
the Lake of Ill Omen, a land he had traveled when first coming to 
Kunark. The young warriors of the Elven outpost continued their battles 
with the Sarnak at a fort deep within the area. Loral met up with the 
armies of Vie and found out that a small infiltration team had made it 
inside the fort but had been routed within. They were trapped inside the 
Chancellor's dining hall. Loral asked a near by wizard to cast the spell 
of invisibility on him and he slipped past the guards near the rear of 
the complex.

When inside, he heard the snarls of the beasts all around him. They 
passed him by in groups of three or four all heading to the outskirts of 
the fort where the battles raged on. Loral continued deeper within the 
fort until a Sarnak spellcaster, an extremist, sensed his presence. As 
soon as Loral heard the familiar chant of the Sarnak he countered with a 
wave of power that blew the spellcaster on his back. Another chant to 
Tunare drew roots through the stone floor and immobilized the 
unconscious beast. Loral open his hands and prayed to Tunare to release 
her wrath on the creature and a ball of magical energy blew the Sarnak 
into pieces. Loral smiled at his own power, noting how often he had to 
battle with such beasts with far less desirable outcomes.

Loral continued into the Chancellor's dining hall, sliding past those 
Sarnak legionnaires and recruits who guarded the place. Inside he found 
the small band of adventurers that had been trapped within. He healed 
and cast magical protections on the party who began their preparations 
to escape the room. As they finalized their preparations to leave, the 
Chancellor stepped into the hall.

The Chancellor of Di'Zok was physically large for his race, standing at 
almost two and a half meters. A spiritual wolf walked in with him, it's 
Grey eyes hollow and lifeless. In his hand he carried a massive spear 
inlaid with jade runes that glowed with a magical light.

Loral wasted no time. The band had already cleared out the Sarnak guards 
who the Chancellor had expected to protect him, so their time to strike 
was at hand. Loral called a wave of force, which slammed the Chancellor 
hard. The Chancellor was not as easily defeated as the extremist Loral 
had battled earlier, but the stunning blow still slowed him down. Loral, 
hit him with the retribution of Tunare. While the damage was mighty, the 
large Sarnak took it in stride. The Chancellor's wolf started charging 
at Loral, running at inhuman speeds. Loral expected the dog to knock him 
down and probably begin to tear him apart. He gritted his teeth and took 
comfort in the fact that he would die in the name of Tunare and 
Felwithe, when the armored barbarian, Tinyfeet, slammed the wolf with 
his shield, sending it sprawling just before it hit Loral. Loral ignored 
the cries of the wolf as the party cut and blasted it down, 
concentrating on calling spell after spell upon the Chancellor. The 
Chancellor's own magics were mighty even without his wolf companion and 
Loral felt the sting of electricity soar through his armor and into his 
bones. Loral stood his ground through the onslaught of spells and 
finally the Chancellor fell to the ground dead, smoke rising from his 
eyes and mouth.

Loral whispered a prayer to Tunare and his wounds faded away. He walked 
over to the smoldering corpse and picked up the jade spear. The party 
finished off the wolf and cheered at each other and at Loral. Loral only 
looked at the spear and wondered whether this was the reward that cost 
the lives of so many.

After regrouping and preparing for their escape, the party made it's way 
back out into the sunlight and into the ranks of the army of Vie. Unlike 
the rest of the party, Loral found little comfort in their escape. 
Instead he found his rage building even more, telling him to travel to 
Chardok and give this necromancer the reward he so richly deserved. 
Loral ate silently before his journeys, imagining what rewards he would 
give the shadowknight, Klyseer, for the deaths of his friends.


-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



