From 2593600308627689950
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e40176f6c72c604a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-07 07:56:51 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <a550c8b38ec2177cac2d8bad85982f78@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!pd7cy1no!shaw.ca!news3.optonline.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Fri, 07 Nov 2003 15:52:05 GMT
Lines: 138
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 17: The Claws of Veeshan
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6354


Tales of Loral, Chapter 17: The Claws of Veeshan

No creature is as feared and admired as the mighty dragon. While the 
younger races of Norrath battle for lands, titles and treasure, the 
dragonkin have evolved as slowly as a mountain. Their power and their 
wisdom is the greatest known on Norrath. The following theories are 
taken from the loose scriptures of ancient texts. Our people have only 
just begun to understand the true power of these mighty beasts and it 
will be centuries before we stand a hope of truly discovering their 
mysteries. Our greatest hope is that we may one day stand side by side 
with the scaled children of Veeshan.

During the first days of Norrath, there was nothing. An entire world had 
been created capable of sustaining all life but it stood naked. The 
greatest of the Gods, the crystalline dragon Veeshan, swooped down from 
the plane of Sky and tore open the lands of Velious with one mighty 
swoop. She deposited upon the land the first of all races, her children, 
the dragons. For a millenia they ruled all of Norrath. Their mighty 
wings beat through the air, their great wisdom and intellect studied the 
mysteries of the land. They built great monuments to their goddess. They 
built a society of honor and justice. Thus began the Age of Scale.

Soon after, the other gods began populating Norrath. The mortal races 
were born, grew up, fought and died all in the blink of an eye to the 
dragonkin. The dragons evolved like Norrath itself, their children 
coming only within centuries and living thousands of years. While the 
other races scrambled to survive from the dangers of the worlds and from 
each other, the dragons spent their time learning what powers and wisdom 
the earth held. Then the races met. The younger children of Norrath fled 
in fear from the mighty dragonkind, spreading rumors of hate and murder.

It became known to the dragonkin that though they were much more 
powerful and wiser than the younger races, that their small numbers put 
them in danger. Two factions of the mighty dragons split apart. One, the 
Ring of Scale moved to the towering mountains of Veeshan's Peaks. The 
other stayed within the icy claws of Velious, isolated from the rest of 
Norrath.

The Ring of Scale began getting involved in the interactions between the 
younger races. The betrothed dragons, Lord Nagafin and Lady Vox built 
lairs within the lands of Antonica and sent out their goblin and giant 
armies upon the world. They were the first to have contact with the 
younger races who spent years hunting them down.

In the tropical lands of Kunark, the Ring of Scale sent forth a race of 
scaled humanoids, the Sarnak, to do their bidding. Along with the 
Sarnak, four dragons were sent out from the Peaks into the lands. The 
mightest of these four, the dragon Trakanon, had his spirit ripped from 
him by the earliest and most powerful necromancy. He took vengeance upon 
those who stole his life and ruled from within the ruins of their 
mightiest city. Another of them, the red wyrm, Talendar, stood guard 
outside the gates of Veeshan's Peaks. The other two, Gorinare and 
Solandar, wandered the lands learning what they could and sending back 
information of the races progress within the land. Within the Peaks, the 
mightiest of the Ring of Scale still commanded their agents and legions 
of troops within the societies of Norrath.

Back in their home of Velious, the Claws of Veeshan led by their 
mightiest, Vulak'Aerr, began construction of the Temple of Veehsan deep 
within the Western Wastes. Here they build the halls of testing, a place 
where mortals could be tested in order to prove their worth in the aid 
of the Dragonkin. The hall also became their place of worship to the 
goddess Veeshan and their place of work, unleashing the mightiest 
artifacts and spells ever known on Norrath. One such spell even unlocked 
a doorway to the Plane of Mischief, home of the insane god BristleBane. 
The protection of the temple itself was entrusted to Sontalak, a great 
wyrm known for his might and ability to sniff out the smallest attempt 
of deception. For centuries the children of Veeshan lived in peace. Many 
of the dragons wandered the Western Wastes, filling the breeding grounds 
with eggs that took centuries to hatch. The isolation of the land 
afforded them a protection even their own magic couldn't provide.

As the mortals grew stronger, reports of their expansion into the lands 
of Velious grew. Knowing that they could not remain isolated forever, 
the leaders of the Claws built a great city and entrusted its well being 
to one of their children, the dragon Yelinak. His minions, including 
great wyverns, wurms, drakes and their creations, guarded the city and 
established a level of commerce with the outside world. Though separated 
by the mighty giant city, Kael Drakkal, the Coldain dwarves and the city 
of Skyshrine shared a mutually beneficial trade for stone and metal. 
Deep within the city, Yelinak and his closest advisors continued to 
research the powers of Norrath. The city served well as a layer of 
isolation for the Claws of Veeshan and their home within the Western Wastes.

For a millenia the oldest of the Claws had kept a dark secret from even 
the younger members of their brood. Apparently the Claws had known of a 
great power, one darker and more powerful than any ever discovered. It 
was a power that could threaten the lands of Norrath itself if 
unleashed. Little was ever known about this power except that it was 
locked away inside of a tomb centuries before the dragonkin migrated to 
the Western Wastes. The tomb was sealed by the power of the mightest 
dragons, the Dar Brood, and sealed inside were the most powerful dragons 
ever to have lived. These dragons, the Warders, sacrificed their lives 
to help keep the danger locked from the rest of the world. To die for 
one's cause is considered noble. To be locked inside of a dark pit for 
an eternity is something above honor. This great danger was only known 
as the Sleeper.

As the mortals began to migrate into the lands of Vellious, some of the 
dragonkin felt that the sacrifice of the Ring of Scale was not enough to 
protect them, they felt that only a clensing of the planet could keep 
the children protected. One of these spoke louder than all the others. 
Zlandicar the Black felt that unleashing the Sleeper would wipe clean 
the planet from the menace that would surly come inside of their homes. 
Zlandicar had felt loss at the hands of the mortals and took a far 
stronger view than many of the others. One of the high council, a great 
and wise wyrm known as Jaled Dar attempted to calm Zlandicar and spoke 
against his theories but to no avail. In a horrible event that shook the 
very structure of the Claws of Veehsan, Zlandicar killed Jaled Dar and 
was outcast deep within a dark land known as Dragon Necropolis. There he 
would reside among the carrion that fed on the dead wyrms of old. But 
recently, rumors have heard a voice, that of the ghost of Jaled Dar 
whispering of revenge in their minds. Though nothing more than a spirit, 
it plots to destroy Zlandicar by using his own weapon against him.

These days the dragons have begun to recruit mortals into their fold, 
offering artifacts of power greater than any ever held by mortal in 
return for service against those who would hunt them down like dogs. 
They continue to research the most powerful lore ever known and share 
pieces of it with those they deem worthy. Their testing halls stand open 
to those who believe they have the strength to endure some of the 
greatest wrath ever felt. Those that survive are given great treasures 
those that don't are offered the void.

There is no creature on Norrath that is as mysterious as the mighty 
dragons. While once thought to be a scourge upon the lands and a menace 
to her people, history shows that these creatures have as rich a culture 
and as wise a mind as any society that has ever lived. It would be one 
of the greatest adventures for any people to gain their trust and open 
up the wealth of knowledge and resources that this noble tribe has to 
offer. To turn our backs, or worse yet our blades, upon these mighty 
beings is to throw our mightiest books, spells and weapons into the 
fires of Hate. To side against the dragonkin is to side against Norrath 
herself for they are the first children to walk upon the earth. Any that 
seek a union with the noble children of Veehsan would see the smiles of 
the Gods upon them.



