From -2916614183317358285
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,18171235e3c93565
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-12 11:47:49 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: il128@my-deja.com (il128)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Transcripts of the Brad McQuaid VS. Conquest banishment
Date: 12 Jun 2001 11:47:48 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 184
Message-ID: <c1d12700.0106121047.49d4547e@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 12.34.19.249
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 992371669 21344 127.0.0.1 (12 Jun 2001 18:47:49 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-support@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 12 Jun 2001 18:47:49 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:84794

-----Original Message-----
From: Gtath [mailto:gtath@home.com]
Sent: Sunday, June 10, 2001 3:57 PM
To: McQuaid, Brad; 'Itzlegend'
Cc: Butler, Jeff
Subject: RE: Response to your letter dated 06/06/2001



>1. We both agree that you used 2 exploits

Not exactly. Yes we now consider them 'exploits' since you have
explicitly defined them as such. At the time, one of them had been
sanctioned by SOE employees, in our minds rendering it a 'tactic'
versus an 'exploit'. The other we were not aware of, was minimally
beneficial in our battle, and which you have agreed that you believe
we were not aware of it. "I can only conclude that what you did in
your minds wasn't exploiting a safe zone."

>2. You didn't think they were a big deal, and felt you get mixed
messages from us on how serious or not serious these exploits are
perceived by us.

Definitely. To reinforce this statement, I provide you with a quote
from the message boards on this topic at www.lumthemad.com:

"We killed 3 warders over this past weekend. Our Lead GM was present
for the fights against #2 and #3, and he watched us place our clerics
under the platform to heal safe from the AE silence from Tukaarak. He
also watched us "buff" each and every member of our raid with Ensnare
by dueling each other, because we knew that Stream of Acid could not
take hold over Ensnare due to SoA having a lesser movement speed
reduction. We then proceeded to kick Hraashna's ass with one death,
and he congratulated us and went so far as to suggest that we go ahead
and try Ventani before we left. It was very late, and we didn't feel
like going through the motions of using res effects to kill her, so we
just stuck the clerics below and charged to see how bad she was. Got
her to about 85% and all died. We rezzed in and the GM was again
laughing with/at us about how quickly she decimated us.

At no time did he ever say that we were doing something that we should
not be, and in fact he said that his supervisor was watching at least
some of the time, and he also seemed to think nothing of our tactics.
I don't see why this isn't the standard attitude Verant takes--watch
us, take note of things we do that they don't consider to be intended,
and if necessary, nerf those tactics which are deemed too cheesy."

Comments similar to this are what we use when we research tactics for
high level encounters.

>3. We feel that the context of the exploit (who is doing it, where
they are doing it, and to what end) should influence the severity of
the punishment. You don't, and think it should be uniform.

You are accurate in this statement. As is stated in nearly every
management and discipline class that has ever been given: "To be
effective, discipline must be firm, swift, and consistent." While your
discipline here was certainly firm and swift, we believe your
consistency leaves a great deal to be desired, and it is this fact
that has caused public opinion to be heavily against you in this case.
Simply stated, the punishment does not fit the crime.

>4. We feel several things said in guild chat imply that it is often
your modus operendi [sic] to use exploits. You feel we are
misunderstanding/taking out of context what was said.

Yes, you are taking our guild chat more seriously than we do. If you
listen to the guild chat of any high level guild for a given length of
time, you will find banter very similar to ours, and if you watch long
enough, you will find plenty of "reasons" to disband said guild. It
does not mean that illegal activities are rampant in those guilds, nor
does it mean it is rampant in ours.

We agree to you using whatever excerpts from our conversations that
you wish, with the sole condition that you also make the entire
transcript of our dialog available for review.

With all due respect, we find your offer to reinstate Conquest in
exchange for treasure won from the last warders lacking. Accepting
your offer would imply that we agree with the punishment that has been
rendered, and this is not the case. We would be willing to accept your
offer to reinstate Conquest with the following amendment:

1. You reinstate Truk and Sticks, and after the suspension period is
over, you remove the suspensions from our accounts, replacing them
with the warnings that we feel are more appropriate given the
circumstances.

If this is not acceptable, we would also be willing to accept your
offer with the following amendments:

2.     You disband and make an identical offer to every other guild
that has killed the other warders in Sleeper's Tomb since the last
buff of the warders, since they also used these identical tactics in
those victories.
3. You disband and make an identical offer to every other guild that
has killed Nagafen or Vox for the past three months, since they use
these same tactics every time they defeat these monsters.

All we're asking for is a little consistency - Either in the manner in
which we are punished, or in the manner in which all others who have
used these *identical* tactics are dealt.

Best regards

-Gtath


-----Original Message-----
From: gtath [mailto:gtath@home.com]
Sent: Monday, June 11, 2001 1:53 PM
To: McQuaid, Brad; 'itzlegend'
Cc: Butler, Jeff
Subject: RE: Response to your letter dated 06/06/2001


Brad,

We respectfully request that you include the rest of the dialog in
your Guild Statement #2, including the supplementary statements I
provided, and the last few emails. They are directly related to what
happened, and are an important part of the dialog. We feel that they
are so important that if you choose not to publish them, we will feel
compelled to do so.

-Gtath


-----Original Message-----
From: McQuaid, Brad [mailto mcquaid@verant.com]
Sent: Monday, June 11, 2001 2:05 PM
To: 'Gtath'
Cc: Butler, Jeff; 'Itzlegend'
Subject: RE: Response to your letter dated 06/06/2001


If you'd like to, that's fine, and I might as well once this is all
resolved. My thoughts were that the remainder didn't really add much
and
were primarily focused on whether we could reach a point where you'd
return
the items from the other encounters in exchange for reinstatement of
the
guild. To me, this is another issue, and not one I wanted people to
focus
on (it just confuses things). And I felt compelled to make a statement
soon.

In any case, I consider the exploit issue closed, and the guild
reinstatement for items that I suggested and something we could talk
about
still open. If this isn't true, please let me know.

thanks,

--

---------------------------------------------
Brad McQuaid
Vice President, Premium Games
Sony Online Entertainment/Verant Interactive
---------------------------------------------



-----Original Message-----
From: Gtath [mailto:gtath@home.com]
Sent: Monday, June 11, 2001 2:16 PM
To: McQuaid, Brad
Cc: Butler, Jeff; 'Itzlegend'
Subject: RE: Response to your letter dated 06/06/2001




>In any case, I consider the exploit issue closed, and the guild
reinstatement for items that I suggested and something we could talk
about
still open. If this isn't true, please let me know.

We certainly consider that option to be open, and we are awaiting your
reply to our counter offer.

-Gtath


