From 2589914382549173020
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5e16d88ff46f55c2,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-09 08:13:28 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: J Fred Muggs
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Shaman questions and comments needed, please, and a minor bitch or two.
Date: Tue, 09 Apr 2002 15:15:49 GMT
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <3cb2fe4e.2391000@news.empacc.net>
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.21/32.243
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 45
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:184373

First ten levels a snap to do. My Ranger was built before the new way
was put into effect,much easier now. It has it's good points and has
some bad things to it as well.

Ok, not really much for the range slot as I see it for the Shaman, but
I've decided to put stat boosters in there. For now I have a chill
dagger. Am I missing something here? I mean is there a range weapon
that is worth the effort? Ammo slot pretty much the same, but can't
afford anything for it yet. Eggs would be nice for my ammo and range
slots tho, I think  ;-)~

Weapon skill leveling, what a struggle. This is the most frustrating
part of my Shaman so far. Now my Int is on the low side, would I skill
faster with this boosted? My Wis is high, but doesn't seem to help.
Maybe I'm still thinking in terms of how fast my Rangers weapon skills
go up. Is it built into the class by design? I root, dot, nuke, sit,
and then attack either when root has broken or my dots have worn off.
When the mob has turned to run away, I'm chasing the fucking thing
half way across the zone trying to finish it off. Needless to say this
can get me into trouble.

Are there any up to date sites for Vah Shir shaman? It almost seems to
me like the EQ sites have run outa gas. Like the hay day is over and
they just don't care anymore. But yet some want you to pay money to
subscribe to them, hah, cold day in hell.

My questing in EQ is nil. Most of the time what you get just isn't
worth the effort. Those quests that do offer something good are way to
high for me to do and I'm beginning to suspect that by the time I can
do them, the items will no longer be of much use. I'm beginning to
think the designers fucked up with many quests. Which leads me to
another bitch.....

Making money to buy things (trade skills, class skills) this is sooo
screwed up it isn't funny. The whole thing needs redone. Verant knows
full well what classes can make money with their skill (class) but yet
choose to leave other classes with no money making class skills at
all. this is fucked, Trade skills, there is no skill to trade skills,
it just boils down to money. If you have the plat to skill level,
you're golden, if you don't, well too bad. Think, Verant, think!! It
ain't to hard to see.
         J Fred

     Hackle, Wood Elf, Ranger, level 22
     Seizer, Vah Shir, Shaman, level 17


