From 3768972567088750105
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9322a0f724df585c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <teapray@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Ping: AGE -- FAQ Update
Date: Mon, 20 Sep 2004 12:54:24 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <414F1950.14596E5F@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <414E1D2D.3EEED67B@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com> <7cf28864.0409200551.1d1b5fcc@posting.google.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 60
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17425

    This is just a quick note, jotted off before I jog off to work.  I'm
going to be addressing what I see as general concerns about the FAQ, rather
than specific issues that have been mentioned.

    To Lance:  Yes, I am aware that I am being arbitrary in discussions as
to what does and does not get in the FAQ.  I have loose mental guidelines
as to what I put in there.  And since I am using such loose guidelines for
my arbitrary choices, I will not be 100% consistence in my application. 
The FAQ is, by my estimation, about 3 or 4 times large now that it was when
I took it over.  It could easily be 3 or 4 times larger than it is now. 
Would it be better if grew to this size?  Certain, in some contexts.  It
could be a virtual Encyclopedia about EQ, and that could be a good thing to
have.  But I would prefer to keep it at a size that it could be read in one
or two sitting, not over the course of a couple of weeks.  If the members
of AGE think I have some parts in there that are fluff, I can easily take
them out.  And I will add things that I think will truly help newbies, such
as your post about autospliting (I know that for me, this issue first came
up for me as I was fighting bandits in Ro very early in my career).

    This is the guideline I am using... is topic something that a newbie
might really have a question about?  Flurry and enrage make the cut because
while they might not encounter them, they could easily hear about it and
wonder what the deal is.  An in depth discussion about how animations
differ from pets?  I think this is something that is a little out of the
depth of the FAQ.  Again, there are probably many examples of where I might
have wandered from this standard, but this is the general drift of what I
was trying to do.

   I know it is a line drawn in the sand, and there are probably convincing
arguments as to why I placed the line there as opposed to over there a
bit.  But it is my line, and I had to put it somewhere.

To Faned:  Less editorializing sounds great.  Now you maintain a living
document the size of the FAQ and keep your writing voice out it so you can
show me how it's done, please.  Yea, I know, that's a snarky reply.  I
(obviously) don't think I do too much editorializing in the FAQ.  I've
posted it several times, made many many changes based on feedback posted,
and post the updates so that they can be critiqued as well.  There hasn't
been a great outcry that I'm expressing my own view too much.  I do put my
thought in from time to time, I think it gives the document a "was written
by a person" feel rather than the "This was generated by cut and pasting
stuff from the internet" feel.

   That said, since I know longer play EQ, I am more than willing to pass
the FAQ to anyone else that feels like maintaining it (and feels like
posting it to the web like I have done).  Any takers?

-- 
Annie

AGE FAQ:
http://webpages.charter.net/lenny13/age.faq.htm
http://tinyurl.com/yvud6

Mirrored at:
http://www.derfy.net/agefaq.html

_______

If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


