From -3578738758276675651
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ee69614e9c44811a
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-01-29 10:57:27 PST
From: "Ronny Cook" <ronnyDELETETHIS@ronnyDELETETHISTOOcook.org>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <4017221D.7E59F8CE@stopthevoices.yahoo.com> <sZ%Rb.1078$GO6.46@newsread3.news.atl.earthlink.net>
Subject: Re: Firiona Hates Clerics
Date: Fri, 30 Jan 2004 04:00:55 +1100
Lines: 135
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: 220.244.116.222
Message-ID: <40193b7c@dnews.tpgi.com.au>
X-Original-Trace: 30 Jan 2004 03:57:32 +1100, 220.244.116.222
NNTP-Posting-Host: dnews.tpgi.com.au
X-Trace: news-syd 1075395697 dnews.tpgi.com.au (29 Jan 2004 12:01:37 -0500)
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!news.tele.dk!news.tele.dk!small.news.tele.dk!news-peer1.sprintlink.net!news.sprintlink.net!news-syd!dnews.tpgi.com.au!tpg.com.au!not-for-mail
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17269

"hughes" <hughesiv@earthlink.net> wrote in message
news:sZ%Rb.1078$GO6.46@newsread3.news.atl.earthlink.net...
> >    So, what do you all think?  Is Firiona Vie the only one that hates
her
> > clerics?  Is this just a temporary outbreak of insanity?  Or is this
going
> > across all the other servers as well?
>
> Cleric hate is pretty standard everywhere . They are one of the most
> powerfull classes needed for raids and groups in very large numbers.

That's true, although "cleric hate" varies a bit. Usually people who
have played a cleric to high levels themselves are fairly considerate.
The cleric role in raids is no bed of roses either - it's a pivotal role
and the clerics often get blamed for failures when the problem is really
elsewhere. (Please mister tank, stay in range of my CHeal, as when I
cast it my feet are nailed to the ground...)

And of course cleric soloing ability is very poor - cleric DPS is low,
so we solo by out-surviving the MOBs. That translates to very slow
experience. So if nobody needs a cleric right now, you might as well
switch to an alt.

> Clerics also tend to suck at their class.

I don't really know to what extent this is true as my main is a cleric.
There are a lot of botted clerics out there, and botting a cleric is easier
than doing it independently. That may explain it to some extent.

I get told occasionally that I play fairly well. Since I don't think I play
all *that* well - I do get party deaths occsionally during moments of
inattention - I probably have to agree that there's a fair number of
poor clerics out there.

> They ended up as clerics because they
> could not handle the stresses of any other class and clerics are just
plain
> easy and well rewarded.

I have to say this assertion boggled me. The only classes with stress levels
comparable to that of a cleric's usual role as main healer are bard and
enchanter.
In both cases because botched crowd control can lead to a party wipe.

A cleric's role is to keep the group alive. As main healer, you usually
have to watch health bars one hundred percent of the time. Ninety percent
does not cut it, as during the remaining ten percent the group gets an add,
damage to the MA increases, and you *have* to cancel that CHeal to start
spamming fast heals or the party will wipe. If you miss it the party
frequently dies.

So basically you need an attention span on the order of *hours* to play a
cleric well. You can't go AFK during that interval; while you're AFK, the
group typically shuts down. Your downtime is their downtime.

You also need to balance health vs. mana consumption of course. If a cleric
can call a med break whenever they like the job would be much easier.
However,
in practice your most mana efficient heal is Complete Heal, and to make the
most of it you have to cast it when the MOB DPS times ten plus a reasonable
buffer equals the MA's current HP.

You need to know when and how to avoid grabbing aggro (which is usually) and
when
you *want* to grab aggro (usually when your CC person is being beaten on).
You need to watch out for poison/disease effects and be ready to cure them.
If there is a multiple pull, you have to know who to heal and how, in order
to avoid deaths - toss a HoT on the tank to keep them alive, spam fast heals
on
the chanter to keep them alive and pull MOBs off them, keep your back to a
wall
to cut interrupts.

You need to know when *not* to heal, when to let somebody die because
somebody
else has to stay alive, or because healing will pull a swarm of MOBs.

You need to watch out for caster MOBs and mem stuns well in advance. (The
61+
cleric stuns have a 60 second recast.) But don't stun too readily or you
will
draw aggro... Similarly you learn to recognise the MOBs with damage shields
so you can cast Mark of Karn/Kings when they are incoming.

If you're doing the battle cleric bit - which at 56+ you should probably be
doing,
as it's your most mana-efficient form of damage - then you also need to know
all the things that a melee knows, get your positioning right *and* cover
healing
and perhaps some nuking on the side.

If your mana isn't keeping up, you need to know when it's safe to sit
(and where to sit - i.e. close to the MOB - if you *do* draw sitting aggro).

Having managed to do all this, 90% of groups will give you exactly the same
split as everybody else in the group. Never mind that you paid 20 or 60 plat
to buff the group up front, plus whatever recasts were needed during the
life of the group. As such the assertion that clerics are "well rewarded"
is... thin. Very thin. In my mid-50s I was routinely farming green MOBs for
loot to cover my peridot expenses and on occasion turned down groups because
I couldn't afford the peridots to buff a group in a loot-poor zone.

Now there *are* loot-whoring greedy clerics around. No denying it. In some
cases it's a reaction against the classes who are loot whores but don't
have to cover costs. In others they're just plain greedy... there are
bad apples for every class.

There are also clerics out there who think that their only job is to punch
their CHeal key when the tank hits 40% HP. But a competent cleric is doing
a heck of a lot more.

> This has lead to an extremely large number of
> secondary and twink clerics that show exactly how bad the situation is. I
> would generally rather be grouped with a twink cleric being played as a
2nd
> account on a machine in another room than be grouped with a real cleric.
>
> p.s. there are good real clerics. On my server there must be 20 or so of
> them aout of thousands.....
>
> p.p.s oh and i never hold it against anyone for denying the use of their
> time. If I want a res I res myself with my twink cleric :)
>
Try playing a cleric non-twinked, non-botted, starting at level 1. Then tell
me it's a task that's stress-free and easy.

/rant off.

        ...Ronny

-- 
Ronny Cook - gro.koocynnor@ynnor (read backwards)  -- www.ronnycook.org
Yes, the domain is sad, but effective. :-)




