From -7537768629411991049
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f47d750baaeaf0f4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-22 09:28:32 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: The Focus Items Changes
Date: Fri, 22 Mar 2002 12:09:20 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C9B6540.BF1C708F@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 136
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:178760

This just in from Absor:
****************************
With all the excitement and concern that focus items have brought up
lately, we wanted to take a minute and talk about them. For those of you
unfamiliar with them - focus items are armor, items, or weapons that
enhance an aspect of spell casting for the character that wears them.
Focus items can have a wide variety of effects, including things like
increased damage or healing, lowered cast times, decreased reagent use,
increased spell range, and decreased resist rates.

Focus items are a new and exciting concept for EverQuest, and one that
we expect to change the game for spell casting classes. These items will
allow casters to see the same level of improvement from earning items
that melee characters do from acquiring better weapons and armor. For
too long it's been the case that an item for melee classes is a much
bigger upgrade than an equally hard to acquire item for casters. As more
focus items make it into the game in the near future, casters of all
levels should be able to obtain a number of useful focus items to
improve their character.

We recently introduced focus items as Magician spells - this was done
for a couple of reasons. First, it allowed us to get the items into
circulation fairly rapidly and into the hands of players. This let
casters get a look at the new focus abilities and give feedback on them.
Second, because it was such an important feature, putting the first
batch in as No Rent summoned items made it more painless to players if
we needed to make
adjustments to the specific details of each item. Because the items were
easy to acquire and didn't require anyone to lay out a great deal of
time or effort to try them out, it was the best way we could introduce
them at this time, and we think it worked out fairly well.

We certainly considered leaving the focus items on the Test Server for a
couple of weeks to try to work out all the little details of item
balance and presentation before rolling them out to live servers. But we
decided to go ahead and include them in the recent patch so we could get
a broad range of feedback, show casters that we recognize some of the
issues bothering them in game, and because we were pretty excited about
focus items and expected players would be too.

We understand that adjusting things after they have come into the game
causes people some concern. As a rule, we try to not make changes to
existing items when possible and to recognize the impact this may have
on players when we do make changes. We will always try to notify our
customers of changes of this type when we can, unless we want to keep
something a mystery. Discovery is an important part of the game. This
change, however, wasn't something we were trying to keep hidden, and it
wasn't something we could have kept hidden had we tried to. We apologize
for failing to mention
these changes in the patch message.

We understand that every player isn't going to agree with every change
to the game or decision we make regarding game balance. However, the dev
team makes each decision with the best interests of the game in mind. No
decisions are ever made to antagonize players or characters of a certain
class, or any players at all for that matter. When we make a change to
the game or add a new feature, we do it with the intent of making the
game better and keeping EverQuest running as an interesting and
challenging game for years to come. As EverQuest continues to evolve and
develop, more things will change.

We'll continue to add new content and things to do. Things will continue
to change for the better, but in a game of this size and complexity we
need to have the option to change things that are too easy, too
powerful, or too great a reward for the effort. At the same time we need
to continue to fix and upgrade any part of the game that is too hard,
unenjoyable, or inadequately rewarding. We're working on that each day,
and we appreciate your patience and understanding. We want EverQuest to
be a game you enjoy playing, and keeping the game balanced is crucial to
this goal.

On to the case in point - focus items. After we introduced focus items
in the patch two days ago, we began to get a lot of very valuable
feedback from players about the items. Some people loved them, some
people hated them, and many people had suggestions for specific ways to
change the items. We read over the suggestions, paid attention to the
points they made and then decided to make some changes to the Magician
summoned items we'd introduced. There were good points about the items
made by people on both
sides of the issue, and we feel we were very objective about the changes
we made.

Here are the changes that we introduced in last night's patch:

- Jedah's Choker items - This item gives a chance of not using a reagent
when you cast a spell that normally would use a reagent. The items were
modified so they no longer effect Enchant Metal spells, or Imbue Gem
spells. The goal of the item was to save reagents used for summoning
pets, casting buffs, or using Translocate fragments, not to give people
a chance at a free platinum bar every time they enchanted one. 

- Naki's Ring items - This item decreases spell cast time when worn.
Initially, it worked on any spell. As of last night's patch, it works on
spells between 4 and 9.5 seconds casting time. We are currently working
on a feature to allow us to exclude certain spells from working with a
focus item, and when we get that in we will alter this item to not have
a max casting time limit for spells it works with. 

This item was altered because the decrease in casting time for Complete
Heal proved to be too powerful, and was potentially unbalancing to the
game. Complete heal is already an incredibly powerful tool for the
Cleric, and was not in need of improvement. The 4 second minimum time
was added to prevent some very fast casting spells from becoming even
faster. We'll continue to evaluate fast casting spells and may improve
this focus item in the future if it's needed.

- Gallenite's Bracelet items - This item increases the amount of damage
done by direct damage spells. This item was changed to not give
additional damage on Wizard's Bane spells. Bane spells are already very
efficient and are not in need of further improvement.

Overall, the focus items in game now are well balanced and just needed a
couple of minor tweaks so far to bring them in line. Once you see how
the summoned focus items fit in with the ones that will be gotten in
other ways, we're sure you will find they fit in nicely.

We feel that these changes were fair and that it is reasonable to adjust
new items that are added to the game in this way. We appreciate your
patience and all of the very insightful feedback that players sent in. 

In the coming weeks, we'll be adding more focus items to the game as
quest rewards, trade skill items, and as loot off of monsters. There is
a high chance that we'll be upgrading many existing caster items to
include focus effects, to keep casters from needing to start from
scratch with their gear selections. When the process of working focus
items into the game is done, we feel that casters will be quite happy
with the results.

- The EverQuest Team

-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"For a list of all the ways technology has failed to improve the quality
of life, please press three."
- Alice Kahn


