From -3369084180664861764
X-Google-Thread: fb739,12aa39aab42ecd6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <teapray@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: One short group (my first foray into Natimia)
Date: Sun, 15 Aug 2004 10:47:42 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <411F859E.7A251854@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <_fudnZfF9ND77IDcRVn-ug@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 75
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13492

Lance Berg wrote:

> So I send a tell and get an invite, run over.  From POK thats Hallas
> stone, magus to Nediara's Landing, Magus to Natimbia.  PITA, more of
> classic Verant era time wasting, if I'm going to Magus why not just
> straight to my destination, instead of a change of bus?
 
   For what it's worth, CoH also has this time wasting stuff.  Talk to a
contact, they tell you to talk to a security chief in another zone.  Talk
to the chief, the send you to kill x number of baddies in a different
zone.  Kill them, then run back to the contact to be sent to a mission in
yet another zone.  Sometimes you can "call" the contact on their cell
phones, but they are pretty stingy about giving out the numbers.

   I guess that makers of MMORPG just figure they have to slow players
down?  I dunno.
 
> So I'm chatting with the group about how that worked out when the cleric
> pulls the rug out from under us, announcing he's leaving.  Explains,
> when pressed, that we had too many tanks tanking mobs, spent his mana
> too fast.  I'd already been commenting that if we had adds again I'd
> kite them instead of trying to off tank; I'm flabbergasted that he's
> pulling out after a single try, before we have any chance to adjust
> tactics based on what we learned.  But off he goes.

    Sounds to me like he might be damaged goods.  As a cleric myself, I
didn't group with many others of those, but I did have the fortune to group
with enchanters.  And most of them did excellent jobs.  But there were a
few who seems overly wary.  One seemed to think that if she didn't pacify
and root every target the puller might likely get as an add, we'd get
swamped and all die.  Wanted to spend 5 minutes on every pull on a LDoN. 
Normal.  When we told her about the time restraints, she started to fume
about how we were all going to waste her mana, and get her killed.  I told
the puller to pull, using my pacify at his discretion.  About twenty
minutes in, he made a misjudgment and brought back three.  Three.  With a
CH capable cleric and enchanter.  Should have been cake.  But she refused
to mez, stood back, didn't cast any spells at all that I could see, even
when I (the leader of the group) told her which ones to mez.  Still, three
isn't that bad, and I did manage to keep all alive, even though a hybrid or
two did get a bit low.  After the fight, she said "See, I told you!  I told
you that this is exactly what would happen!"  I asked why she refused to
mez.  She returned with "Wasting my mana and getting me killed" line. 
Naturally, I countered with, "Unless anyone wants to put up a strong
defense for her, she's getting kicked.  Any takers?"  After a short,
pointed silence, she disbanded just before I clicked to disband her.  We
finished the dungeon with no deaths, no troubles, with plenty of time to
spare.

    This happened when we were in the mid to high 40's, though I don't
remember her exact level.  I would doubt that someone would buy a mid level
enchanter like this.  All I could figure is that she had run into a few
idiot groups, and could only handle groups went exactly the way she thought
they should with no surprises.  I've been in many groups like this, hunting
in areas so well that that I could basically operate on autopilot, chatting
it up in serverwide.age:age to keep from being too bored.  But I do believe
she, at least, was damaged to point that she could only handle groups like
this. 

   As a cleric that has had to suffer through a few idiot groups myself, I
can see how another cleric might get this mindset themselves.  It's too
bad, though.  Learning new ways to deal with less than ideal situations was
one of the things I liked best about the grind.

-- 
Annie

AGE FAQ:
http://webpages.charter.net/lenny13/age.faq.htm
http://tinyurl.com/yvud6

Mirrored at:
http://www.derfy.net/agefaq.html
_______

If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


