From -2869764200394491315
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,efd275933cdd7df8
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-03-03 02:20:37 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newsfeed.icl.net!newsfeed.fjserv.net!diablo.theplanet.net!newspeer1-gui.server.ntli.net!ntli.net!newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "-Martin" <villa@atcheerful.dotcom>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <b3o7ia012kl@enews1.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: Monual is an ungrateful little wretch
Lines: 201
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Message-ID: <U%F8a.190$mA2.45419@newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net>
Date: Mon, 3 Mar 2003 10:20:27 -0000
NNTP-Posting-Host: 213.105.44.17
X-Complaints-To: abuse@virgin.net
X-Trace: newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net 1046686836 213.105.44.17 (Mon, 03 Mar 2003 10:20:36 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 03 Mar 2003 10:20:36 GMT
Organization: Virgin Net Usenet Service
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:268723

"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:b3o7ia012kl@enews1.newsguy.com...
> Finally, we moved in.  Knowing that they would be able to stay up late
today
> (Friday) and that they'd use that to clear VT, we instead decided to clear
> it in one go.  And we did it in seven hours, a guild record.  We adopted a
> new dual-tank strategy, where half the raid assisted one tank and half
> assisted another, helping us to clear faster.

Just curious... but how does half the guild assisting 1 tank, and the rest
assisting another tank make it any faster than "the whole guild" assisting 1
tank on each mob?

Lets say 1 mob takes 5 mins to kill with 60 people hitting it, so 10 mins
with 30 people on it

2 x mobs in the camp..
everybody assists tank 1
5 mins later, mob 1 dies
everybody assists tank 1
5 mins later, mob2 dies
total time: 10 mins

half the raid assists tank 1, half the raid assists tank 2
10 mins later, mob 1 and 2 both die

How exactly did you gain noticable time from doing this? :)

> And in all that clearing, with all those drops, I didn't get a single
piece.

Just like 45-50% of the raid didn't, I imagine.

> This is getting tiresome.  I haven't won a drop in six weeks, and that was
a
> "minor uprade" thing - I replaced my neck piece with a slightly better
neck
> piece with a focus effect that reduced mana use on buffs.  Very nice,
don't
> get me wrong - but not a major upgrade.

Wow 6 weeks!   /comfort Monual.. NOT.

I see this quite a lot with people... just last night somebody was bitterly
dissapointed because they didn't get an Aten earring, because they haven't
gotten loot in 4 weeks now!

Lets ignore the fact they already have 4 VT loots, the other person had
waited just as long for a loot item (and had 1 vex loot to his name), the
person thought after waiting xx weeks, they had automatic rights on a piece
of loot.  well it doesn't work that way.

This person in question was 1 of few of his class raiding for a period of
time, so for that duration he was constantly getting loot (a loot per week,
and I mean high end ssra/vex stuff) - its easy to get attached to that level
of rewards, but don't kid yourself it doesn't last.

Another person joined a little while ago (few months), had solod all the
way, shit gear as you'd expect.. in his first months (as applicant and
member) he could get multiple loots per week, stuff that nobody sent a tell
on and would otherwise rot (twink time) was a boost for him, that dried up
eventually though.

As a very active officer, raid leader, full time main puller, I think I
worked my ass off as hard as anybody possibly could for a guild, but I still
had periods of 2months+ between loots.  Sometimes I got 1 item in 3 months,
othertimes I got 2 items in 1 month..

I wasn't greedy, I made sure it was a real upgrade (aka fitted into my
mapped "progression plans", I didn't whine when I went a long time without
something (afterall, its my fault if I don't put a /tell in) and in the end
it paid off.

One thing you've lost track of.... Your guild needs to gear you up if they
are to progress, looking at Magelos James has 1k and 700(ish, I looked at
the magelos a few days ago)mana extra, some of it is because of his player
style (hp cleric), the rest is because hes considerably further in the game.

If you're guild is going to get to that stage (which im sure you will.. you
wouldn't be in you're current position without ambition) then it is only
going to do so by having clerics with James' guilds mana...  you're warriors
with the HP of James' guilds warrs

Its in their best interests to gear you up, along with every other active
member of you're guild.  Sometimes people get overlooked, rightly or
wrongly, Im sure as hell it isn't deliberate.

As a loot officer I have to hold my hands up and say I've made some
screwups, we all have.. sometimes there is a huge rush, sometimes our minds
go blank, sometimes the Loot DB isn't up-to-date, sometimes we make (bad)
assumptions...  but from my experiences I can tell you, you wouldn't be
where you are without you're officers hard work, effort and dedication.

Just know there is no effort to screw you... often when people complain, its
a complete shock to the officers... in most cases when they know the full
story (the list, why we saw it as "xx class loot", why we discounted each
person until we had a winner) they realise why a call was made, they even
agree with it.

Btw for you're "minor upgrade" I call bullshit...  you have one of the best
necks in the game.  +125 mana, focus effect: mana preservation, what more do
you want?  Ft10 on it also?

> shield in the game.  That was awesome.  Since then, here's what I've
gotten:
> Ring of Living Ore - Not bad, an FT II ring with stats.

I think you began to lose track of reality...  you're progression in the
guild was kindof recent, and quite rapid, correct?  Its very easy to get
used to HP, Emp, Vex loots, but think where you were 6 months ago, 1 year
ago etc.  Any ring with FT2 and stats is not "not bad", its not "ok" or
"decent", its damn nice

> Good stuff all, but nothing awe-inspiring also.

Probably the best cleric shield in-game.
One of the best cleric necks, a bracer which you won't replace any time
soon, a weapon that is nice, just not especially for clerics.. you asked for
it though, you used your merit on it.

> Awakenings - a really really nice uber item that adds five ticks of mana
> regen that stacks with FT 15.  I went in on it, full of expectations - but
> it got awarded to another cleric.  Which was fine and good, he had gone
even
> longer than me without loot.  He deserved it.  But then he mentioned that
he
> would using it to upgrade his Eighth Shawl.  I couldn't help feeling
> frustrated - here he was upgrading an ultra-uber item with another
> ultra-uber item, and I was still stuck with my Herladic shoulders.

Lets say 1 year ago I got a shadelock amulet, 100hp and complete shit stats,
from Va'Dyn.
You joined my guild 4 months ago, you're neck sucks...  I have more merit
than you (gone even longer than you without loot, whilst still being 100%
active), and we both go in for Aten Ha Ra's neck (the essence).

Should I be punished for working my ass off 1 year ago to earn a shadelock
amulet, whilst you were taking it easy/leveling/didn't even exist then, and
have a crappy 40mana neck?

I agree somewhat, the 8th shawl is kindof a "wtf" moment.. but if he had the
merit, if he deserved most, why should he lose out because somebody who over
the years put less into the guild, and subsequently had a lesser item?

> It's been growing more and more on my mind, making me feeling unsatisfied
> and unappreciated.  I show up darned near every day.  I'm on every raid.
I
> do lots of smithing for my guildmates, making Heraldic for them or their
> alts.  I help people farm shards.  I run all over the planes providing
> rezzes.  And I haven't gotten any really uber loot since my Shield of
> Ssraeshza.

But so does the rest of you're guild.  You raid with 50+ people, and those
50+ aren't different people every day.  You have to contend with people who
a) raid even more than you
b) raid as much as you
c) social players, who you still throw a bone to every now and then

> Meanwhile people who attend fewer raids than I do have been
> awarded multiple drops during my current drought.

You asked for 2 items, from a night of of 30-40 loot drops...  for those 2
particular items, the list was likely massive, and hotly contended.. you
said yourself, you wanted an "uber" item...  well either set you're sights
lower (3 100hp/mana items is better than 1 hotly contested 150hp/mana item!)
or accept you're going up against the creap of the crop.. and you will lose
more often then you win.

The officers will find it kindof difficult to award you loot, when you don't
even ask for 99% of the drops in a night.  1 thing I've learnt, snubbing
loot, and pinning all you're hopes on 1 rare ass item (and not getting
anything for months in the process) doesn't benefit or progress you're
character anywhere like the above method would.

> I haven't mentioned my frustration in guild or to any of the officers
> because I don't want to come across as some kind of loot whore.  But I had
> to whine somewhere, so I came here.  =)  I'm also struggling with my
> self-image - I must, indeed, be a loot whore if it's so important to me.
I
> need an uber piece of equipment put in my hands periodically or I become
> unsatisfied.  Sounds like a loot whore to me.

I don't think you're a loot whore.. I think you just got too used to being
spoilt when you first joined, and when that ended you feel unrewarded or
unwanted.

Talk to you're officers.. don't bitch or whine (either about youreself or
others) just say you feel a bit unloved.  Give them dates of loots, and a
comparison (loot totals to the various priests in you're guild etc), and
where you feel particularly lacking.

If they werent reasonable, approachable and understanding people, they
wouldn't have lasted 5 minutes as a guild officer.   Remember up until now
you haven't said a word... as far as they are concerned, there is no problem
and everybody is happy.

So don't delay and let it turn into a problem...

-m




