From 7256076644650842703
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,507f85881518bccf
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-07 10:47:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newsfeed.news2me.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.speakeasy.net!news.speakeasy.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 07 Nov 2002 12:47:07 -0600
From: "Singsang" <Singsang@nospam.removethis.andthistoo.mail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <r-OdnSfZnv7NYFqgXTWcqg@speakeasy.net>
Subject: Re: Another Thief Warning - POVAR Server FOLLOWUP, PLEASE READ
Date: Thu, 7 Nov 2002 10:47:06 -0800
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <XqqdndtO_be2KFegXTWcqQ@speakeasy.net>
Lines: 89
X-Trace: sv3-4CoWWam/88X4s174AhdCdk0Gi1SEdqgVil0DELAk76CGrlyonldyu5Gd8FtvELIVpj4B6AwQ2k7px+f!z1hV/3duINCsoRZu61gfHUKeO2vifbmZqtL+1t3Z2mnyFiDy0+QIKrTsSLZE91l6ky0bfRmlTBc1!yvWNg/vCP9xlpZmAWw==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@speakeasy.net
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:243989

Should have posted this yesterday, but didn't have news access, so I'm
posting now.

Consider this issue solved to my satisfaction, though there are others from
that night that Arelia is still trying to track down and make peace with.

I found Arelia online again the following evening. I got into the same zone
with her and used /guildstatus - she belonged to Fellowship of the Sword.
She ported out of zone before I caught up to her on track. No officers as
reported by guildmagic were on, so I dropped a tell on someone picked at
random asking for an officer, and they had one contact me. We had an
exchange (again, the question about a report - my bad on that, I'm way too
experienced of a player not to have gotten to that in time). I was told to
go ahead and send her a tell, and that she was expecting it. I did a /tell,
and again got no response. A guildie found her in the nexus, and I was there
using PoP in about 3 minutes - just in time to hear that same guildie accuse
Arelia of scamming someone else just then (this sounds bad for Arelia, but
hang on for a few). I also /ooc'd about dropping me a tell if quesitons
about my experience with her, and tracked and hailed her.

I got one of those "Who are you and why are you doing this to me!!!" kind of
responses. This was, in no way surprising to me for reasons I'll get to in a
sec. The report from my guildie as to the scam that had just happened was
that Arelia had taken a donation for a port to EK, but had dropped the Iksar
in question in NK. This seemed an "honest mistake" to me (even though my
issue was still unresolved) since the druid rings are in NK and not far from
the EK zone line. My guildie friend (who is a 55 Preserver) and another 55
Preserver in my guild both had the same response about this: Nope, there is
an evac to EK, and dropping someone unexpectedly in any wrong zone is
dangerious due to KoS issues. Arelia assured me that she asked the port
recipient if it was OK (unfortunately, not until they were in NK already),
and offered to take them back to the Nexus. The toon stayed in NK, but had
also just become aware of the previous night's issues, so may have been
scared.

Arelia and I grouped up, an ported out to Butcher Block to discuss things.
She heard my story, but indicated that she was not on the previous night
when she supposedly did all these bad things. I listed off the offenses that
I was aware of, gave her the list of peeps she needed to talk to (including
the guildie friend who ported around to clean up some of the mess for
people), and it was quite definitely her. I got one of those "OMG!!! OMG!!!
My little brother!!!!" followed by a "He's DEAD!!!! OMG!!!".

The skinny looks like this:

Arelia almost quit the game that night (or at least appeared to be thinking
it hard). She has a lot invested in her then 33 toon (that's right, never
could have done the spell in question - wasn't even close), and she was
gathering that her toon's reputation was completley distroyed (it was). We
ran off to GFay to do a little penance time. I got my 20 plat back, and we
had a little game of "first two newbies to find me get 10plat each" at
Arelias expense as a penance for my little issue. She did this quite
willingly while basically bawling in group chat. I hooked her up with a few
other people for apologies and such. Helped her figure out /anon vs. /role
and understand why there would be a difference in credibility due to that.
Of course, she also left her guild that night for supposedly unrelated
reasons (guild is apparently falling apart - too bad, that was a good guild
from what I know of it).

Basically, I know a few folks that don't believe her story, and never will.
Personally, I do. All I could think about during the day before I caught up
with her was "Why would someone destroy a toon like that?" Only two things
made sense to me: That they were deleting the toon or leaving the game
anyway, and were just screwing around in a rather mean way to end their EQ
life, or that someone else was playing the toon and screwing over the real
owner. The second story seemed to match pretty well. Apparently her little
brother had a toon on the account, but decided to mess with hers that night
(he's now not playing EQ anymore - imagine that).

Arelia offered to give me all her equip and stuff when she thought she was
going to drop the toon. I suggested she wait a day or two on a heavy
decision like that. I was happy to see her ding 34 last night (nice she took
the time to send me a tell, and we chatted for a while afterwards.
Basically, the tone of her in conversation after things were resolved would
seem to fit her story all the way through).

Believe her, don't believe her, but he names cleared in my books, and I was
the original one leading the charge. I would suggest that peeps don't stray
from the normal precautions, but she otherwise seems to be a pretty good
person - I actually like her. lol.

Basically, call off the dogs as far as I'm concerned. If you were harmed by
her, drop her a tell, and I suspect she'll try and find a way to make it up
to you. If not, post it here or send me a tell in game - we'd all like to
know.

Sing




