From 7652768023855601794
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ba7bb63fc76ae956
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-12 06:18:58 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!news-hog.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!newsswitch.lcs.mit.edu!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3DD10B6D.B4D82EB2@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Trains revisited (PoN)
References: <3DCFFC89.E447C9C8@dejazzd.com> <EM2A9.84$Om4.32958@newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 274
Date: Tue, 12 Nov 2002 14:15:05 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.36
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1037110505 66.109.234.36 (Tue, 12 Nov 2002 09:15:05 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 12 Nov 2002 09:15:05 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:244941



-Martin wrote:

> How about learn to just DIE rather than kill half the fucking zone with a
> huge ass train.
>

There is, as I point out, no reason for anyone to die.  Not anyone.  Not the
person running for his life, not the people hunting elsewhere in the zone, not
the people hanging out near the graveyard.

The person running needs merely run to zone, click the thingie, and he lives.
If he's reasonably responsible, he doesn't touch any other hunting group, and at
any rate is calling train to give people a heads up.  IF they get trained by
accident, they either deal with it or they too run away.  Running away is an
excellent solution to something you can't handle, it is the better part of
Valor.

People hanging at the GY need to move up the hill.  People who just zoned in and
are incredibly unlucky need to be ready to run to the zone out.  People who just
got rezed... well I'll grant you that for 30 seconds or so they might actually
get trained and die.  But there really aren't trains every minute or so, the
odds of this happening are about 20 to one even if their rezzer paid no
attention at all to whats going on around them.

>
> Its rude, its downright fucking selfish, and its straight out of karnors
> type zones.
>

Training other groups in the hopes of scraping off your mobs is heinous.
Running to the zone, shouting train warning, is simply good common sense.  If
you insist on standing around on a train track, you are GOING to get run over.
Even if Person A is so wise and self sacrificing as to die quietly out there in
mid zone, Persons B thru Z aren't going to be, so person A is doing nothing but
help teach you to keep standing on the train tracks.

Hanging in KC at the zone in is A) a mistake like hanging at the GY.  B) harder
to avoid, because there are trains on the other side of the zone line C) similar
to the PoN situation, in that one side is safe... but only if your server has a
firm rule as to which side you should train to, so that people can safely med on
the other side (on MT, for example, everyone trains to the right, so you can sit
on the left, and even zone in on the left... which meant that you trained right
coming IN)

>
> I truly wish PoP mobs summoned.  i wish people would wisen up to the fact
> there are no lengthy difficult CR's, simply wait 10 mins and your corpse is
> at the gy, and I wish players had some simple damn respect and decency for
> others and just die rather than killing innocent people.
>

Summoning mobs can still be outrun, as there's about 15 seconds between summons,
and they follow you as you flee, if you didn't root them.  I ran from a scourge
hobgoblin to the maze exit just last night, got summoned 7 times.  Its a little
like Groundhog Day, have to keep running away over the same ground, but you move
at at least the speed of the summoner.

10 minutes to body, plus lose most HP and all mana and all buffs, some often not
replaceable by your group, heal up, buff up, med back to FM... we are looking at
20 minutes or so per death, not to mention the loss of exp  (because over 60
with a rez, I really can't see the loss of exp at all)

Versus 30 seconds to zone out, 30 seconds to zone in, good to go.

What innocent people?  You mean the numbskulls who were hanging out afk in the
graveyard, which everyone knows gets trained more often than grand central
station?   Evolution favors those with better sense, and doesn't give a rats
tail about their "innocence," so wise up and get your asterisk up the hillside,
and if you are planning a long AFK, zone out!

CR in PoN may not require an invasion in force, or a FD dragger or Rogue dragger
or Necro/SK summoner, but it does have its hazards, and requires a little care
and thought.  Rezer checks for trains, visually and by reading the /ooc
channel.  Rezed keeps eyes open on zone in, and runs up the hillside immediately
if nothing is on him but a train is coming, or runs to exit if its too late
already.  Best if rezzer stays, targets rezed, and fast heals him on arrival.

Looting up so you are encumber rooted to the ground is a mistake unless you are
sure its all clear.

>
> >I'm reasonably considerate, but I"M not going to stop.  That zone
> >line is the difference between living and dying sometimes, for
> >me, and dying means losing all my buffs, all my mana, and... well
> >an imperceptable bit of exp
>
> No, you'd rather 1-10 INNOCENT players get mowed down, lose mana, buffs and
> exp, because YOU fucked up.
>

No, I'd rather noone die.  But if they do, after I warned them I was coming, and
concientiously went out of my way to minimize their risk by taking a "back side
of the hut" approach... well I put it to you that they might have been
innocents, but they were fools, and I don't suffer fools gladly.  I'm happy to
rez them afterwards, however.

And I did not necessarily fuck up.  Things pop unexpectedly.  Other people die
and their mobs add.  You get a bad string of resists.  Mob lands an unusually
lucky string of hits on your MA or partner and kills him.  Shit happens, and
having a plan as to what to do about that is part of the game.  There are places
where that plan is to die in place, because that will make the CR easier.  PoN
isn't one of those places, as you so vocally note, no CR is going to be all that
hard there, where in 10 minutes your body will pop to the GY.  So dying halfway
accross the zone in the middle of some of the worst stuff out there is no more
than a minor inconvenience, about the same as dying where you stood.

>
> In PoV ive been in a wastelands group that got trained 4-5 times in a 2 hour
> or less period, I've had my group trained in the castle (moving to the
> camp/buffing etc) god knows how many times, I've done castle guards and had
> the vessels trained on my group, I've solod by the corner of the water and
> had rude bastards train me, I've zoned in and my shaman been killed the
> instant I loaded, Ive had kiters come running to me every 5 mins with a mob
> at less than 50%, yelling "help help!" running the mob all through my camp
> (but obviously they get the solo exp cuz hes less than half)
>

Since I've never been to PoV, I can't say much about most of this stuff as it
applies specifically to that zone.  BUT>

If you are standing on a one way route to the exit in a zone where people are
known to run to exit frequently, you have to realize you are at risk and act
accordingly.  Buffing on the train tracks is... silly of you.

If the people training the vessels on you are following the route to the exit,
and you are standing in their way, shame on you for not paying attention, and
perhaps (don't know the zone) for not choosing a better place to fight.  If they
are going out of their way to get to you, shame on them, thats reprehensible.

Same for your "corner of the water"

Death at zone in is something you are little to blame for, at least if its
instantaneous.  Were you afk on zone in, though, or if you had time to run back
to exit but chose not to so so, its on you.  Oh, and as you prepared to zone in,
did you notice an influx of naked people and dressed but low HP people?  I don't
know if PoV zone out puts you at the zone in from PoT, but this can be a clue
that its not the time to go in.

>
> Tell me why I should have to be inconveniened or suffer because your
> incompetent at pulling, and/or because your selfish and rude?
>

Because its one of the hazards of a multiplayer game, other people are going to
act in their self interest, or even foolishly, and you are going to have to
interact with that.  They shouldn't act so as to deliberately involve you when
its not necessary... but if you are legitimately in the way, and especially if
they can't avoid you by going a little out of their way, then its not incumbent
upon them to die because you are being foolish and stubborn.  Camp a better
spot, or be prepared to run when the inevitable train comes rolling down the
tracks.

>
> If I went out of my way to get KEI for my soloing sessions, why should I
> lose a valuable buff and my donation because of you?
>

Why should I lose mine because of you?  Especially since there's no need for
either of us to lose it in most circumstances; just get out of the way, or run
to zone ahead of me.

This is what you are really losing, you shouldn't die, but you may have to move,
even zone.  For that you can blame me.  However, when its a choice between 30
seconds wasted on your part, and 20 minutes and some hard to replace buffs on
mine, well, I'm not THAT nice.  I'm very very far from unique on this way of
thinking, though, so its prudent on your part to EXPECT people to act as I'm
suggesting they will.

>
> If you can't get to your camp safely then
> a) Get invis / an invis item
> b) Get your group to meet you at a safe spot/the zoneline
> c) Find a new zone
>

What if I can get to it 19 times out of 20?  The game is about risk, not about
guarantees.  I'm willing to risk the occaisional aggro to get where I'm going.
When I do, I try to minimize the negative effect by getting away alive, so I can
try again.

>
> If you can't pull without getting adds in numbers that require training,
> then
> a) Get a puller with a clue
> b) Find an easier/safer spot
> c) Find an easier zone
> d) Suck up the death and learn a lesson from your train
>

Again, its not an isolated incedent that causes people to have to run away.
Often a group can be fine for a couple hours, then things stack against them and
suddenly they are facing a wipe.  Put twenty groups (some as small as one
person) in a zone, have each encounter trouble once every hour, and you average
a train every 3 minutes.  Lets say half of them die instead of training, some
because they were overwhelmed, a few because they think, as you do, that its the
better part of valor to do so.. thats still a train every 6 minutes.  GET OFF
THE TRACKS, because trains are inevitable.

Finding an easier/safer spot, or an easier zone, are flawed plans for several
reasons.  One, until you've tried a few times, you can't tell its too hard for
you.  Two, even if you CAN do it, it may take you a few tries to discover a
successful strategy.  Three, the game isn't only enjoyable when doing things you
can handle in your sleep; for many of us its fun to try to do things that are
hard, and rejoice in our victories and run like scared rabbits from our
failures... heck, I even enjoy the "success" of making it over that zone line
when things go south!

You suck up the death and learn a lesson about where not to stand, or what not
to do when trained... I'll be busy spending the next 20 minutes fighting while
you med up and congratulate yourself on how brave you were not to run away when
warned, and how smart it was of you to not pick a spot off the tracks to work
in, because after all people SHOULDN'T do as they do.

>
> I cringe when I see 60+ players acting like the dumb fuck retards I saw at
> level 50 in karnors, or level 40 in DL.
>

Did you hang out at the zone in in KC and shout about people training it?  Did
you hang out at the KC zone line in DL and complain about people training it?
Don't you ever learn?  Ask not who the dumb fuck retard bell tolls for, it tolls
for thee.

If you are talking about people training other people deliberately, hoping for
help or just to scrape off the mobs, then you have every reason to be upset.
However, I wouldn't point to KC for this sort of crap, I think of it as Oasis
behavior.

Trains are a fact of life and zone geometry, unless you are alone in the zone
you need to work them into your strategic thinking.

>
> Probably more-so because I left noob pickup zones a long long time ago (or
> just raided every single day) and didn't bump into them.
>

Sadly, PoN is a newb pickup zone, the next logical step in the exp gravy train
progression, and its possible to get there without learning anything at all,
because if you just keep plugging away at it, you gradually tend to level up.

>
> Call me an elitist if you want, but I dont fuck other people over, and I
> dont expect it from them, least of all every 5 damn minutes.
>

If it happens every 5 minutes in the first hour you are in the zone, then not
expecting it every 5 minutes the next hour is.... well Elitist isn't the word
that comes to mind.

>
> (ps if you didnt figure it,  trains are one of my top 3 peeves)
>
> -m

Trains come in many flavors.  Train to zone strikes me as an inevitable fact of
life which you must simply learn to accomodate.  Training a group or person NOT
on the tracks, on the other hand, is indeed one of my pet peeves too, although
I've experience it little since leaving Oasis.

In the middle ground is high levels training lowbies in places like Dawnshroud,
because they are headed to ME and are just running faster than the mobs in the
way.  On the one hand, I deliberately try to avoid any bands of lowbies working
the area when I do so, but on the other hand, I do go straight in to ME without
any consideration for the people hanging at the zone line other than warning
them a train is coming (I do so upon zoning in from NL, since I know full well
I'm going to pick up an add or ten).  They have to learn not to hang out there,
its as simple as that, because the geometry of Luclin means that this is going
to keep happening.

Bergh 'Take those specs to SRo, not to the docks!" Brelltender




