From 8708699092633343713
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bcb27ff5c4fe4847
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-01-27 18:30:23 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <anniebenlen@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Cleric Playing tips
Date: Tue, 27 Jan 2004 20:27:51 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <40171E27.ABD7B150@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <101aq4622crq3a5@corp.supernews.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 64
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17008



Chris Stolworthy wrote:
> 
> Hiya all,
> 
>   Being a new cleric I was wondering what advice you would give to me to
> help make me one of the "better" clerics out there?


    I see that you've been given lots of good advice so far, I'd take it to
heart.

   For my part I will say that the biggest favor you can do yourself is to
disabuse yourself of the notion that it is the cleric's job to keep everyone in
the group alive.  I know you've said nothing to indicate that you feel this way,
but from what I've seen so far most young clerics do.  I know I most certainly
did.

   It is your job to do the best you can do to prevent a total party wipeout
when things get rough.  In most cases, this means healing the main tank,
yourself, and the enchanter if you are lucky enough to be grouped with one.  If
the wizard should happen to get agro, don't blink an eye.  You can always rez
them back in.  The druid goes out of mana and is screaming for a heal?  Too
bad.  When things aren't rough, then by all means, heal the other members of the
party if you can do so with jeopardizing the tank, rezzer, or mezzer.  If
someone gets pissy because they died, let them know where they stand in your
list of healing priorities, and stick to your guns.  If they don't agree with
you, ignore them.  They will not make it very far into the game, or they will
learn to change their attitude.

    If the party does wipe, even if it was your fault that you could and should
have prevented it, don't beat yourself up too much.  Almost everyone makes
mistakes.  When the puller makes a mistake they might bring back 3 instead of
one.  When the mage makes a mistake, they might send their pet against a lulled
creature instead of the one that Main Tank has selected as the current target,
resulting in adds.  When you make a mistake, everyone can die.  Do what you can
to minimize mistakes, of course, such as not watching tv or or giving your kid
brother his very own homemade tattoo while you are also on healing duty in a
rough situation.   

   I've know a couple of young clerics that have re-rolled over these issues,
and it saddens me when I hear of it.  We really do play one of the bestest, most
funnest classes in Norrath.  

   Just for the record, I still consider myself to be a young cleric also.  I'm
pretty sure that my currant level is an oversight that will be corrected soon as
Someone realizes that I'm not in my 30's.  

--
Annie

To join the alt.games.everquest chat channel type /join serverwide.age:age 
If you want to stayed joined, then after that type /autojoin serverwide.age:age

Currently playing:
Teapray-- 51 High Elf Cleric on Firiona Vie

Teamort-- 16 Dark Elf Necromancer of Lanys T'vyl

Lentea-- 33 Ogre Beastlord On Firiona Vie

--
If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


