From 9113709133184427668
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2fcba11f503f140e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <teapray@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: OT (very): Lunchroom Justice Question
Date: Mon, 08 Nov 2004 13:09:59 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <418FC487.60A82859@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <418C7EBB.EBB7FCC@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com> <418E6CCD.F548E335@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com> <j2Bjd.3937$_J2.2283@newsread2.news.atl.earthlink.net> <L9Bjd.25675$K7.21105@news-server.bigpond.net.au> <vXCjd.35472$ye4.22944@twister.rdc-kc.rr.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 110
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:22511

toolstech wrote:

> The best thing to do would be to speak with your employer, human resources,
> or if it exists, the companies legal department.

   No doubt this is true.  But to be honest, this thief isn't exactly
bringing out the best in me.


>  Voice your concerns and
> ask for opinions on how you may legally go about identifying the culprit.
> Such activity could very well result in said culprit's termination of
> employment if caught. 

    See, the problem here is that I can't think of a way that the
management could catch the person, short of putting in a hidden camera and
then watching to see.  This person is not stealing from the company in this
case, just from other employee's.  The company isn't losing a dime.  Sure,
they'd rather not have a thief about, but in the end it's not costing them
anything.  I am very certain they are not going to spend the money for a
camera system, plus paying someone to scrutinize the tapes, to check to see
if the person taking the tv dinners out is the same person that put them
in.

   When I was in Jr. High, I wasn't very focused (It was in the 70's, use
your imagination).  I wasn't very popular, I do remember.  I was chunky,
nerdy (way before it became fashionable), bookish, shy, dressed in clothes
from a 2nd hand shop, and just plain icky.  As a result, I was Target Prime
for all the local bullies.  I got shoved around alot, and threatened
often.  I would always run away to the office, to complain to my counselor
that I was being picked on so horribly.  She would be sympathetic, but say
there really wasn't anything she could do.  The bullies, of course, laughed
at my tattletale ways.

   One day, as I was putting on my raggedy coat to leave History class, one
Up and Coming bully who happened to be in class (forgotten her name, but
let's call her Thugerella) came up behind me and calmed informed me that
she was going to beat me up after school, then strode out the door with a
big smile on her face.  I was thrown into a panic of course.  I knew that
going to office would do no good.  I was sweating bullets all through my
next class.  Then an idea began to take form.  If I had to get beaten up,
wouldn't it be better to have it happen during school hours, where it might
be broken up faster?  In fact, wouldn't the perfect place be in the hallway
in front of the Principal's office?  I was trembling at the thought.  But I
somehow knew what to do.

   It was after lunch that I behind a pillar right in front of the office,
waiting for Thugerella to walk by.  When she did, I stepped out and threw a
weak punch that caught her in the face.  She gasped, and then descended on
me with full fury.  I closed my eyes and failed wildly with my own fists,
not connecting again of course.  A crowd of delighted students formed
around us to watch me get beat.  After what seemed like a few hours, a
posse of school personnel bust out of the office and pulled her off of me. 
We were then both hauled into the principal's office.

   He gave a long speech about how awful our conduct was.  He expected
better behavior from girls!  This simply would NOT be tolerated.  He then
asked us if this would ever happen again.  Thugerella said no.  I said yes,
it certainly would, the next time she threatened me again.  They both
gasped at this.  The principal gave us another long speech.  Same question
at the end, same answers from both of us.  I said I was sick and tired of
being bullied, the office was no help, and I was now taking matters into my
own hands.  They both were in shock.  Thugerella tried to reason with
me..."C'mon, we'll be in here forever!"  That's fine, I have no intentions
of either lying to the principal or taking threats from you anymore. 
Thugerella was almost right.  We were in there for a very long time.  It
had to have a been a couple of hours before the principal finally accepted
my concession that "If she leaves me alone, I will leave her alone. 
Otherwise...." .  Thugerella was feverently promising she would leave me
alone by this time.

  We both got suspended.  Me for three days for throwing the first (and my
only!) punch, her for punching back about fifty times instead of going to
office to complain like a good little girl.  When we both got back to
school, and were getting ready to leave history class, I stood up right in
front of her, and looked her in the eyes without saying anything.  She took
a step back.  She never bothered me for the rest of time in school
together.  And you know what?  No other bullies did either.

   I didn't learn much in Jr. High.  I did learn that sometimes if you want
something fixed, you have to do it yourself rather than running crying to
office about the injustice being done to you.


> But doing anything without employer approval could
> just as easily result in *your* termination of employment.

   Sure.  But as I am certain they are are not going to put in a camera
system to catch someone taking a tv dinner out of the fridge, I am certain
they are not going to put one in to catch someone putting one in.

-- 
Annie

AGE FAQ:
http://webpages.charter.net/lenny13/age.faq.htm
http://tinyurl.com/yvud6

Mirrored at:
http://www.derfy.net/agefaq.html

See the amazing Powerset Faq project now underway at
http://p079.ezboard.com/fcityofheroesunofficalforumsfrm10

Come visit the Unofficial CoH forums at
http://p079.ezboard.com/bcityofheroesunofficalforums

_______

If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


