From -5271869745394742248
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,68edfbcd8bcb794d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-06-20 02:43:29 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news.tele.dk!small.news.tele.dk!194.8.194.95!news.netcologne.de!newsfeed01.sul.t-online.de!t-online.de!newspeer1-gui.server.ntli.net!ntli.net!newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "-Martin" <villaat@cheerfuldot.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <ugijiut02hbec@corp.supernews.com> <wTqP8.18080$Aa4.1066649@news0.telusplanet.net> <3d0f8461.20378010@news.world-online.no> <jaXP8.214$mg3.29543@newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net> <AK4Q8.33908$vo2.1341697@news2.telusplanet.net>
Subject: Re: Ragefire
Lines: 196
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4910.0300
Message-ID: <2thQ8.677$XC2.35208@newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net>
Date: Thu, 20 Jun 2002 10:40:31 +0100
NNTP-Posting-Host: 213.105.44.155
X-Complaints-To: abuse@virgin.net
X-Trace: newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net 1024566206 213.105.44.155 (Thu, 20 Jun 2002 10:43:26 BST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 20 Jun 2002 10:43:26 BST
Organization: Virgin Net Usenet Service
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:205902

"James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca> wrote in message
news:AK4Q8.33908$vo2.1341697@news2.telusplanet.net...
>     You have missed the point of what we've done, as did many clerics.
>
>     There is no "list" that you join, then go somewhere else and do
> tradeskills while waiting for your turn. If you want to be part of "the
> list", you go to Skyfire and help keep the clerics there company. You
cover
> for them when they need to sleep. And then, and only then, you will have
> earned the right to be "next" after the clerics already there.

Its certainly the best solution I've heard so far for ragefire... but I
don't think its flawless, nor is it totally fair.   Im pretty weary of
rotations nowadays, after everything that happened on prexus (and what we
had to endure as a guild, as we got the 'blame' for pushing FCFS)

Scenario --

Quiet people have a habit of not standing out when stood next to 'loud'
people..

So what happens when you think Loud_funny_cleric is next in turn, because
you've noticed him a lot.. but me, quiet_as_a_mouse_cleric hasn't really
been noticed by anybody - even tho I've been there longer than the other
cleric?

What if somebody had put butt time into the camp.. but then started giving
excuses like "my youngest child was ill and I had to rush him to hospital"
for the ever increasing times they were slacking off...

> It should tell you something that every major guild on our server has
endorsed this, and
> even the "rogue" guilds have come around (although not without the threat
of the
> "big stick" there).

Well it tells me one of 2 things.  Either it really is a good thing for your
servers clerics (/cheer if thats the case)

Or you guys are a bunch of bullies, your community is a bunch of sheep, and
people are being forced into this whether they agree or not ("although not
without the threat of the "big stick" there")

I know on Prexus, whatever a select few people think/say becomes like gospel
there (whether its true or not) and the other 95% of the server (being the
good sheep that they are) follow this, whatever it may be, whether its
actually true or not, right or wrong.. whatever.

> the
> "active" cleric is phoned and logged in (or a guildmate who knows the
active
> cleric's password is contacted).

tut tut, thats breaking Verant rules, you know :)

>     If those clerics are all willing to sit in Skyfire every time they log
> on, for as long as they're on, or can get someone to sit in for them, then
> they get slotted in.

What if I start camping Rage (or helping to camp) on Monday... I can only
play 3 hours per day, and spend 3 hours per day (100% of my game time) in
SF.

Another cleric starts to camp Rage on the Wednesday,  he can play EQ 10
hours a day, and spends 5 hours every day in SF.  That means hes spending
more time in than me, but hes only actually spending half of his game time
there - wheras im spending *all* my gametime there.

After 2 weeks rage pops.. who gets, me or him?

The problem with lists is it takes so much cooperation and agreements to get
established, and only 1 lazy/rude bastard to fuck it up.

>     Contest every gnoll they want killed. Given the sheer number of
manaburn
> wizards the top guilds on my server can muster, that is no idle threat.

That made us stronger.  We were sanctioned by the top 2 guilds (although
members in both guilds agreed with us and what we were doing) and pretty
much every middle sized guild sanctioned us.

No rezzes, no ports, no groups, attempts to beat us to mobs, and what did it
achieve?  We learnt more then ever to be fully self-sufficient, we learnt
what we had to do to compete, we had 1 chance on mobs before they would step
over our corpses.. and that spurred us on to new heights.

We werent a bunch of assholes who wanted to fuck with everybody in-game, we
just genuinally opposed the rotations (which were proved TIME AND TIME again
to be biased, and a load of bullshit).. and we refused to be bullied into
backing down.

What doesn't kill you makes you stronger.

We carried on with our game, we didnt harass other guilds, we didn't steal
mobs ever, we didn't train anybody ever, we were the ONLY guild to give away
(yes give, zero charge) items from mobs we FCFS'd that we had no need of.

In the eyes of the server *we* were greedy assholes.. yet the top 2 guilds,
who at this time were raiding nToV and ST, were STILL on the trakanon/VS
rotations and every time, selling the bp's/epic MQ's/legs.

Bear in mind these rotations had grown soooo large, you got a shot at VS
once every 2 months or so (pathetic).   Trak wasnt much better, and at the
time raiding VP was a *big* target of ours.   On the rotation back then (and
not counting newer guilds who would have joined) it would have taken between
2 and 3 years to have enough VP keys to make a raid.   Im sorry but thats
pathetic.

Sleepers Tomb keys (similar deal to Trak teeth) were NOT on a rotation, and
the server uber guild *refused* to put them on a rotation.. it was bullshit.
A bullshit system that was horribly flawed, horribly biased, and horribly
corrupt.

We were trained, our corpses stepped over, trained and trained more, spoken
to like shit and the like.. but we just kept cool.  We didn't step over
corpses, we didn't train EVER, we just got on with our business.

Just think, whilst half the server was busy flaming us on the boards, we had
an even easier race to killing mobs :)

> Read Graffe's - one server is on the verge of taking down Sontalak with a
dozen
> Manaburn wizards.

Update: its been done already (prexus too :) )
http://pub23.ezboard.com/fgraffeswizardcompilationfrm1.showMessage?topicID=1
7752.topic

>If my guild sent two groups to do what a mid-level guild
> wanted to do, and the other big guild sent two groups, and some of the
> smaller guilds sent three groups, that rogue guild would not win any

Well, maybe.. if you read that post about Sontalak downed (it was done on
Prexus) you will see the following names though-

"Livec, Aleolin, Silenced, Teledon, Elyia, Naldiane, Fendyan, Linxs, Silje,
Felgard, Elyia, Silverlight as the manaburn squad!
Thanks also to the help of Zompal, Hazzleberry, Aariss, Hata, Nakilos,
Crucyble, and all the assorted others that showed up to help "

Livec, Aleolin, Fendyan, Zompal, Aariis, Hata and Crucyble are all Stasis -
so thats one thing we won't really have to worry about :)

> they'll get exactly what they deserve for making the game miserable.

You mean they disagree with your version of how the game hsould be played,
so now your going to harass and bully them.

> > Why would that really worry people anyway?
>
>     As I said, we aren't a small guild. We can spare the 12 people
required
> to shadow another guild and kill anything they want. So can the other big
> guilds on the server.

You mean if they disagree with YOUR way, you will bully and harrass them?
You will generally go out of your way to fuck with them, because they refuse
to accept your way of thinking.

My guild has some of the most honest, decent, helpful, talented people in
the entire game.  Because we saw something wrong (which many people saw
wrong) and actually stood up against it, we became lower than second class
citizens on my server.  I guess thats what happens when you cross the uber
guilds (corrupt) system.

It reminds me of a TV show I saw once, a fictional documentiaty about a
smallpox outbreak in NY, which soon engulfed the whole world.

In England, in some housing estate, when one person finally caught it (a
ladies husband, who was an ambulance driver) even tho her entire family was
vaccinated (which the whole estate wasn't) her neighbours, former great
friends, boarded her doors and windows from the outside.

They trapped her in her house, painted skull images on the boards, as if
somehow she was cursed and it was HER fault.  How people turned on each
other, communities thinking ONLY of themselves.. and god forbid that should
ever happen in real life.  because I have no doubt thats how things would
turn out in reality too.

And for the record (perhaps the most ironic thing of all) the first large
scale FCFS was done by our servers number 2 guild (who sanctioned us)

When we went FCFS, 2 other guilds immediatly followed us.   One of these
guilds ally guild sanctioned us, while continuing to raid with their FCFSing
allies.. lol.

Horribly off topic (and loooong) but this should show why im cautious to the
idea of rotations now - and why I think bully tactics is fucking bullshit.

No offence of course, James :)

-m
sensei grandmaster
prexus




