From -8456154238732259677
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2028319f93615098,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 01 Sep 2004 07:15:22 -0500
Date: Wed, 01 Sep 2004 08:15:19 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Scryer's Trespass part one
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <G6-dnZSJoqDGIKjcRVn-jA@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 157
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.78
X-Trace: sv3-BPEcC+RjJwRqBbc4AfsyqhL5fsdn8RSvDQDrAnRa0CFU/uLxgYFiHntYYCggzQMWocNHm519KRw8fg5!W8Qt111pbAJYDpW2wtm653e5Bcozux2WtR/DSg2/MuGKk1Ndll95eg+jczktcbCCwf9QpM6LqKg=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.13
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:15178

After finishing an LDoN run last night (to a disspointing 2 blue and 15 
points, must have been a low average level in group... but it was fun to 
be MT again) I checked /who all friends and saw my enc buddy online.

Well, she'd just dinged 53 and needed spells.  Took her to Firiona 
Vie... where she'd never been.  Which suggests to me she managed to get 
all the way to 29 without breeze?  But that makes sense, come to think 
of it, I met her at around that level and she was an abandoned PL 
victim; some friends had PLed her up that far but then quit the game, so 
she had level and a small fortune (they gave her most of their droppable 
goods and cash when they quit) but hardly any skill in the game at all.

Anyway, remaining spell she doesn't have is Scryer's Trespass, which 
bugging the AGE channel tells me is LOY quest.  She checks into it a bit 
  online (for some reason I'm unable to window out ever since the DX9 
shift) while I run to Gunthak, then she gates to POK, and stones to 
Gunthak to join me, talks to the erudite lady to start quest, and we 
take off in search of her Gleaming Ore.

LOY map of the zone doesn't show Torrigan's Mine.  Neither of us have 
ever been there.  Hmm, she finds something saying you go thru Nadox to 
get there.  We also haven't been there (in fact we've only been in 
Gunthak and Dulak... spent -tons- of time in both zones but never went 
further) but thats on the map.  Twice; one down in part of Gunthak I've 
never been to, thru what looks like a fort; one in the caves.

Well the caves one looks easy to get to, we lev across the water and hug 
right wall on beach so no undead, its the invis route.  Of course as 
usual my invis drops, I don't know why I even bother with it.  So I end 
up training half the caves, but the little damage I take doesn't keep up 
with my regen, so I'm FHP when I zone into Nadox, fortunately not quite 
in range of the fire elemental mobs floating there in front of me.

Chanter zones in, and I get a fresh invis and take off to scout the way; 
LOY map shows only one zone line to Torrigan's Mines, and the way to it 
seems clear but has a Mechanical Trapdoor which might be in the way.

Well, I have to move up some red water to get to the bridge area, where 
a Safe Spot is marked on the map.  Oddly I'm not levitating anymore, and 
the water is lava, though not as orange as I'm used to for lava.  Well, 
its only 24 hp a tic, so I shrug it off and go upstream anyway, find the 
bridge area and climb up the banks into the Safe Spot for a breather. 
Later looking back I took a total of 1008 damage more or less.

Mobs I could see from here, and later as I roamed about, did not see 
invis.  Went to the Mechanical Trapdoor and couldn't figure out how to 
open it, moving forward under it my head poked thru and I could see the 
mobs on the other side, but was stuck.  Invis dropped, I ate cloudy 
potion and went exploring some more, chanter had reports of some way 
thru a bonfire.  Well I found Nadox himself (is that a raid target? 
Should I have alerted guild and tried to get him killed?)  and some 
guards and such but none of them saw invis, so I ignored them and went 
poking around, couldnt' find any illusory wall or anything like that 
which would get me to the Torrigan zone line.  Annoyingly, the spot I 
needed to get to was just past the Evac line, too, a porter would have 
made this trivial.

Well, finally I went back to the trapdoor, pushed forward so my head was 
showing, ducked and unducked and slipped right thru the cracks. 
Exploit?  Working as intended?  You tell me.  On the other side of the 
trapdoor, more non see invis guards, so I was able to move right past 
them and over to the zone out.

Then followed some discussion with the enchanter.  Leve wouldnt' take. 
Air Elemental wouldnt' take.  Thats when I calculated the damage I'd 
taken swimming; 1008 should work with her 1700 hp total... but she's 
nervous.  Finally just before she goes for it I have a thought, and stop 
her, asking what her swim skill is.  Its 50, versus my 116.  This 
suggests she's going to be a lot slower than me... and she doesn't have 
2400 hp to spare if her speed is proportional to our relative swim skills!

I zone in to TM just to check it out, again DB mobs which don't see 
invis, and seem to be the sorts we need.  But looking at the LOY map, 
there's another entrance, from Dulak!

OK, I zone back in to Nadox, which unfortunately is indoors so no 
replacing my faded SOW.  Use another potion to invis up, run back to 
trapdoor, where there's a big lever, clicking that doesn't break my 
invis but does raise the trap door... lot of help that is for getting 
from Gunthak to TM though!  Anyway, run back, drop back into the lava 
area but try to stick on walls.  That doesn't get me far, I estimate 
that at best it would save about a third the damage for someone trying 
to go the other way without getting hurt.

We zone back to Gunthak, invis up, and run it.  This time chanter invis 
drops, so she trains Dulak like she's seen me do a hundred times, no 
biggie... she's never seen the times when one of the casters in the 
village there at the end manages to stick snare on me and the massive 
train behind me kills me just before I reach the zone line.  And I don't 
tell her.

In Dulak the map has a zone line to Torrigan's Mines marked, though its 
not clear how to get there.  But I'm aware of the illusory entrance into 
some caves that look like they might do the job, so off we go, find the 
spot, move in.  Undead looking mobs inside don't see invis.  Down, 
right, to a cavern room area next to the TM line marking... but no way 
to get there, try moving thru walls and such, no joy.  Oh well.  Looking 
more, there's some sort of tunnel marked from the armory.

Well, back out, over to the armory, where there's a ladder up, then a 
catwalk over to a short tunnel which ends in the zone line.

Zoning in to TM from the far end, this puts us in some mining area, we 
move in a bit with invis on as nothing seems to see invis, just to get 
the lay of the land; mobs seem to come roughly in pairs which look to 
need paci to single pull.

Back to zone line, enchanter tries to move up and Paci a guard thats 
part of the first pair; both mobs aggro the second her invis drops.  I'm 
trying to pull them off her while she tries to do who knows what, but 
finally she gets the picture and zones out... I can only tell because 
her body isn't lying there, she was down under 7% when I last noticed.

Well, I tried tanking down both mobs, but we'd neglected to haste me (my 
self haste had run out long since too, so I didn't even have my 30% 
backup I'm so proud of!) and they weren't slowed and berzerker mock slow 
(chain stuns) only hits one target...well, I clearly wasn't going to 
win.  But I took my target down to 90% while getting down to 75% myself, 
so it was plain to see that better prepared, singles were doable by the 
pair of us.

Zoned out to see enchanter at 1%... she'd apparantly hit 0% for the 
first time ever without dying.  Started to bandage her up, then for the 
heck of it tried my Wrath Hat... wow, no Virtue, it worked.  Short work 
to get her up to fully healed clicking hat.  Applied all buffs to myself 
and had her haste me, then in we went again.

This time she pacified the miner, who was visible from further away, and 
so no problem; she'd prox aggroed the pair trying to hit the guard 
because to get a sight line she had to get too close.

I pulled the guard, she slowed him, and we took him out leaving me at 
95% hp.  As a duo I'm always very pleased with chanter/berserk, I've got 
enough regen that between haste and slow and her ability to generally 
turn situations into one on one for me we rarely miss not having a 
healer, and the difference in what I can kill with her versus solo is 
pretty amazing.

Pulled the miner, also no problem, wandered in to the mine a bit and 
pulled more pairs one at a time with paci, no problem.

Sadly it was late, so we had to stop before I got keyboard tatoo... but 
we'd figured out where to go, how to get there, and how to handle 
things, for next time.

Checking on Allakhazam this morning, I see that this area should work, 
and that its just a matter of keeping at it till two gleaming ore drop, 
there's no other difficult part of the quest; it can even be MQd.

I don't see anyone talking about getting to TM thru Nadox, no idea where 
she was getting her directions; the Dulak route we ended up using is the 
only one mentioned on Allakhazam!

Well, its late enough now that I can go make swords without disturbing 
the neighbors, so I'm logging out to go pound hot steel

Grage, 55 Berzerk, Luclin


