From 6906657781085567566
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ba375a7641fa4863
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-28 07:56:16 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <anniebenlen@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Tea hits the big time.  Sorta. (Long.  Rambling.).
Date: Sun, 28 Dec 2003 09:56:10 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <3FEEFD1A.98D64DB6@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3FEB7484.2403354E@stopthevoices.yahoo.com> <bsi7od01o0p@enews4.newsguy.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 154
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13468



Richard Lawson wrote:
 
> Bah.  I hate attitudes like that.  There's roleplaying, and there's being a
> jerk to someone who's trying to be helpful.  The only worse thing is being
> asked for a rez, agreeing, then being asked if you have a 96% rez, and being
> told "never mind" when you don't.

    I don't really like this guy.  He's considered to be something of a, I don't
know, a mascot or something to the hard-core RP element of the server.  But to
me, yah, he's just a mouthy little jerk.  But this is FV, and the attitude that
dark elves can be as big a jerks as they want to be as long as they don't
actually violate the PNP is fairly prevalent.


> That fact that you are active, not afk, and care immediately puts you in the
> top twenty percent.  =)


   Heh, you might be right about that.  There has been a fair amount of activity
on the FV community boards about clerics gating out at the first sign of
trouble, clerics telling others to chill out, it's just a game and sheesh!...
maybe you should get some fine bud like I got to calm you down.... things like
that.  I did one LDoN where things went pretty smoothly.  I had KEI, we had
plenty of DPS, and I basically just coasted by casting nothing but HOT spells. 
Sure, nobody got below 60% ever, but I wasn't doing any stunning or nuking
(well, small nuke when I was pacify pulling).  The leader raved about how great
a job of healing I was doing, and the others agreed.  It _really_ made me wonder
what kind of clerics they were used to grouping with.
 
> Just as an aside... do you have your Pure Blood spell yet?  If not, it might
> be worth farming the places in LoY where you can get your Pure Blood
> drops... the fort in Gunthak, the Luggalds in Nadox, etc.  Pure Blood is our
> best disease cure and is handy for curing slows and malo's.  So if you're
> gonna be leveling Lenny up, it might help to do it in a way that benefits
> you, too.  =)

    Never even heard of this quest.  I guess I should run over to alla's. 
Thanks for pointing me in the right direction.

> Do you *like* to wipe?  My goodness, may as well just use /shout to ask
> everyone to immediately train you!  =)  Nothing the Wipe Gods like more than
> to be invoked with such innocent phrases like "One more pull" or "This camp
> is easy" or "About to ding".

   Heh.  As you can tell, I'm not an especially superstitious person.  Though
things like this are making me wonder about this policy.  Maybe just a *little*
salt over the shoulder wouldn't hurt anything.


> *Always* have DA and DB memmed.  The only only time I don't have both up is
> when I'm power-leveling my alt in some very easy place and I want to have an
> extra spell gem for roots and MoR and stuff.  The rest of the time, DA and
> DB are up.

   My problem is that I'm having a hard time paring down my spell line up to
just 8.  I mean I always always always have Celestial memmed, and Superior and
Complete heal, and also root.  I usually have my biggest nuke memmed.  Then we
throw in pacify, and a couple of stuns.  Or, in this case, it was one stun and
gate (forgot to unmem it from earlier).  I do use all of these spells fairly
frequently, and wouldn't be real eager to give any of them up.
 
> It's not just a way to run away when a group wipes... I admit that DA's
> seldom useful for that, especially since you'll not often find yourself
> close to a zone line.  It's best used as an aggro management tool... when
> you land a CH and the mob begins to pound on you, use DA to get aggro back
> on the tank.  This may not be a big deal now, but as you start tackling mobs
> that hit harder and harder, you'll find yourself less able to stand there
> and take a few rounds of hits while the MT tries to draw aggro off.

   Yeah, I know.  The thing is that up to and including right now, I rarely ever
get agro, and when I do, I just back off and root.  This is my first character
that I've ever gotten above 40, and I am used to the lower game strategies.  I
do know that I will have to, in all probabitity, but it isn't going to be second
nature to me.

> So get in the habit, now, of having DB and DA up and using them to drop
> yourself down the mob's hate list.  Oh, and also learn that DA and DB are
> spells you can click off in case you need to land a heal quick.

   Ugh.  Both?  BOTH?!  That's *two* spell gems.  What, lose the nuke?  The
stuns?  I can't see me dropping any of the others.

 > Hehehe... you must do like I do, and play EQ without any sound.

    I do.  It's always been somewhat distracting to me.  And even more so, since
Lenny's computer and mine are right next to each other's.  There's been a few
times when he's heard sounds comming from my computer, assumed it was his, with
hilarous results.  

> Yay Teapray!  The level achieved during the heat of a tough battle is
> sometimes the sweetest.

   I was more excited about this particular promotion than I had been about
several others.  For one thing, I never really thought I would get to the point
where I would have a level 90% rez.  I mean, that's something real high level
people get!  And it really did feel like we had snatched it from the jaws of
defeat.  It was one of the more exciting times I had had playing EQ in a while.

 
> =)  That's always always nice to hear.  And should lay to rest any doubts
> you had about your clericking skills, young miss.

   I admit, I'm paranoid about this.  To me being a cleric is one of the
easiest, and yet fun things to do.  And yet, I keep hearing about so many in my
proffesion who manage to screw it up.  Heck, in other incarnations I've grouped
with clerics who were always OOM, getting agro, missing heals and having people
died when they really shouldn't have, and other various blunders.  I'm not
saying that I'm perfect, of course, but I rarely get agro unless I want to for
CC purposes, and don't often have to rez groupmates unless I've decided that
they were expendable to avoid a group wipe.  I keep waiting for the other shoe
to drop, for it to get hard like I keep hearing others saying it is.

   But I have made it to level 49, and I keep hearing from others that I do a
good job, getting on numerous friends list and several repeat requests to rejoin
former groupmates.  Maybe I not worry about this so much.
 
> Grats Tea.  ^_^

Thanks Richard!

    As a postscript, Lenny and I have decided that I don't really have to stop
leveling, since I can start dumping exp into AA's in a couple of levels.  He's
level 45 now, so we can easily group together, and it turns out that he'd rather
group with me than some random_cleric_023.  He says that there are alot of very
good ones out there, but more than a few pretty bad ones.  He's just as soon not
take his chances and group with me.

   Heh, the other day he did a dungeon with a full group, alot of DPS, one dwarf
cleric, and no backup healer.  The cleric declared "Hey, there's no other healer
here!  I have a very bad feeling about this."  Lenny said in group that he could
heal himself with lifetaps.  The cleric replied "You're going to have to."  I
was puzzled when he told me about this.  I mean, when I am the main healer, I am
the the _main_ healer.  If there is a backup, they are there for emergencies. 
But usually, they get to do their other jobs.  I am cleric after all.  Clerics
are *good* at healing.

And thanks to everyone else who has sent me grats!
--
Annie

To join the alt.games.everquest chat channel type /join serverwide.age:age 
If you want to stayed joined, then after that type /autojoin serverwide.age:age

Currently playing:
Teapray-- 49 High Elf Cleric on Firiona Vie

Teamort-- 16 Dark Elf Necromancer of Lanys T'vyl

Lentea-- 33 Ogre Beastlord On Firiona Vie

--
If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


