From 4286414963205318599
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8c9881c493285ed2
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-04 07:23:10 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!newsswitch.lcs.mit.edu!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.232.MISMATCH!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3DEE1B7E.1ED1FBCC@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Hardest class to play?
References: <3ded4fff_1@news.vallnet.com> <UjcH9.37585$fk5.3514891@news0.telusplanet.net> <asjk3j$eil$1@woodrow.ucdavis.edu> <3ded5c85$1_5@Usenet.com> <hs0suuknqei2pkq5tps6r2vjh3fa1ea7kc@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 122
Date: Wed, 04 Dec 2002 15:20:15 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.235.239
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1039015215 66.109.235.239 (Wed, 04 Dec 2002 10:20:15 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 04 Dec 2002 10:20:15 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:250366



Shrom wrote:

>
> Melee - plate class, about 60% of warrior damage, can hold agro

Although capable of donning plate armor, like clerics, bards don't count as
plate class since they are on a different, less effective, damage mitigation
table.  Bards wearing excellent plate still take a beating like a ranger.
Oddly, my main is a cleric and my alt is a bard... guess what one of my biggest
complaints is regarding EQ?

60% of warrior damage... but warrior damage sucks insofar as the "melee damage"
category goes.  Not that this isn't a contribution to a battle, but its not
really an important one.

Hold aggro... well I've yet to see that, my bard is only 49 though and has
mostly soloed, and I've rarely seen a bard TRY to hold aggro in all my
clericing days.  When I've tried to hold aggro, the only success I've had is to
charm the mob then release it.... now it has a wiped memory except for me, and
I'm up pretty high in hate.  Now that I'm using a charm that takes mana and
lasts a good deal longer than 18 seconds, though, I don't think that would be a
very effective approach over the long run.

> Puller - speed buffs , invis, lev, charm pulling, lull songs, can cast
> while moving, Track

Aye, an active bard can make an excellent puller, although relying on the zone
line for FD purposes can be annoying, and of course its more difficult indoors,
where the move speed buffing requires regular access to a zone line to
outdoors.  Happily, all of PoP appears to be outdoors!


>
> Healer - Regen type only

And first aid; bandaging while strumming healsong gets the lower half of a HP
bar up quick.

>
> Manna Regen

Tier one is cantata twist, which also fills the HP regen category, this is
particularly handy for a shaman, necro, or party with mod rods available.

Tier two is pulse mana song, only really effective sung full time, not twisted
in as part of some other strategy.

Tier three is cantata with pulse mana, sadly this can't be done while taking a
break.

Tier four is cantata with pulse mana and amplification on occaision, requires a
third song slot for the project (although amp is of benefit on some other songs
as well.

Tier five involves the use of rune type songs to ameliorate part of the damage
caused by cannabalize or modrods... more useful on lower canni spells than on
the big chunk ones.

Mana regen, then, can eat up to four song slots and keep a dedicated bard
singing continuously (at least one click every 6 seconds) straight thru hours
long camps with no breaks at all.

>
> Magic damage - Dot, AoE, DD

And no one of these songs is really particularly powerful on its own, its only
thru twisting several at a time that you start to rival the DPS of other
classes... even then, only the fact that no mana is consumed in doing so puts
the class in the running at all... for Sustained magic based damage bards might
have the edge in the long run.

>
> Buffer - AC , Haste , Damage shields, Resists, ect, etc
> DeBuffer - slow , snare, resist , AC, on and on

One happy surprise is that slow and snare are a single song, two such powerful
effects eating just one part of a twist and taking just one song slot, its not
surprising that this one is almost always memmed.  The chant line of DOTs also
serve as resist debuffs, which means that these too do double duty... the new
PoP disease and poison chants are a nice rounding out of this song line because
of this function.

>
> Crowd control - Second only to chanters and not really by much since
> they are never oom unless swarm kiting.
>

Or when freshly rezed... takes forever to recover from a rez.  But other than
charming, OOM bards don't suffer as far as crowd control options go anyway.  In
fact, one amusing strategy is to melee a mob till the bard is almost dead, then
mez and heal up to half (healsong, mez, bind wounds, repeat) and dive back in
to the fray.

Short duration on bard mez, though, means that its only suitable for
controlling small overpulls, sadly AE mez has a very high resist probability,
such that its best use is as an AE taunt rather than as an actual CC plan.  Its
this, rather than any other factor, that really puts bards in second place for
mezzer.  At best with no resists a bard is only going to be able to CC 5 adds
(charm one, have pet "tankmez" second, chain mez remaining three) with any sort
of reliability.

>
> The list is long and is only limited by your imagination. Now consider
> its possible but not likely to do all those things on the same pull )

Well lets see.  Run off and pull (heck, don't need any songs to do this but
lets assume for the sake of arguement pull with DD, for the "magic damage"
category)

Return with two mobs, charm one (CC)
Main tank melees mob (why, we don't know, I guess they feel useless not
tanking... but I'd rather see the pet get hurt!) so bard charges in and melees
as well.
Sing cantanta (healer and mana regen) snare/slow (Debuffer) and haste (buffer)

yep, thats only 5 songs, too, still three slots open to do other stuff with.

Llyric




