From 1580073781816346035
X-Google-Thread: fb739,eec3783fd26d20c7,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 30 Jul 2006 06:44:59 -0500
Date: Sun, 30 Jul 2006 07:44:56 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: White lady down
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <RbWdnQnhS4YmBlHZnZ2dnUVZ_rqdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 204
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.56.7
X-Trace: sv3-Lkz1jI6yQsKI4lfmwaZ1brjioSD5yRRqx8Ocxvs09ARSGGr/VBaGwXyIGQ3QpDGz1NkTpDluRh7peej!KD2DNFIUJzDTnzc2qyKKWnNRHl0RnXLD8j+fwGTs5o7lNE9IoQ4kbbkEOfqHNiPQVq8Np49P1b8a!uGCoF28w
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3422

Sometime yesterday morning, before I logged on, my guild took a run at 
Lady Vox, and wiped, apparantly sufficiently that they had to give up on 
the effort, with bodies scattered in her room and giants repopped to the 
point where the recovery people weren't up to the task, so it was a 
matter of coffins and summons.

One of my perenial complaints about SK is that although we get a summon 
corpse spell, its only good for bodies 35 and under, I'm not sure when 
we get a better one, but its been a long time since I could summon even 
my own body, much less those of others.  I ended up just running around 
soloing and playing with a partner for a while, listening to the CR in 
progress, and logging back out later to get some work done.  Went to 
Dreadlands and pulled roamers to the north wall, getting a couple blue 
tics per kill... and when I added a 37 cleric, kills per hour went way 
up while I hardly lost any exp per kill.

Logging back in in the afternoon, I got in some more play time, ran to 
Overthere, where it turns out I can bind and shop... but none of the 
missing sub 50 spells are there (combine server has some spells that 
were introduced in later eras, but is missing tons, some of which are 
eagerly awaited).  Then I head for City of Mist, where the exp is even 
better but where trains and just plain difficult mobs make kills per 
hour more difficult to come by solo.  I got a group for a little while, 
and even though we couldn't find an actual camp and just rolled around 
killing yard trash the exp rate was astonishing... and among the "yard 
trash" was a Mighty Golem who popped on me as I was pulling something 
else, he dropped a MOSS for me, very nice of him.

When a couple people had to log out, though, the group collapsed, which 
strikes me as silly since even gimped we could kill at a better rate 
than me solo... and the warrior and monk who dropped out proceded to 
spend the next hour LFG doing nothing while I continued to solo mobs and 
rack up another yellow despite all the troubles involved therein.

Then I got a request from a guildmate to come tank for them in DL... 
which meant reversing my long run, but off I went.  Almost to the ZL to 
FOB, though, suddenly the call came in to form up and go take Vox on 
again, as she was still alive.  Kunark has worked a heavy number on the 
Old World.  After a little discussion, I headed to TT (where the druid 
who'd left when we lost CC had gone) got raidinvite, and went for a ride 
around the port spots of Norrath picking up stragglers.

Finally we arrived at SFG, I got him to bind me there, and off we went 
to Permafrost, where we sat around a while at the Zone line, then ran to 
the King room; nothing aggroed on the path, at least that I noticed, 
perhaps the lower level people were invis.  Mass slaughter in the king 
room, then pulling of giants commenced and we worked our way thru them; 
it was really no contest despite our being unbuffed and somewhat 
disorganized... until someone announced she had Vox aggro.  Clerics were 
ordered to camp, and the rest of us to keep killing giants, ignore Vox, 
which we did.

I was feared a couple times, and I'm sorry to say I don't really know 
what my duty is in a case like this, I FD'd at one point since I'd been 
feared to out of range of her AE and the clerics were all gone... but 
the order was repeated in the raid channel to get those giants killed, 
so I went back in and grabbed aggro on one that wasn't being tanked, 
chewed on it pretty good for a while till I ran OOM just about as my HP 
bar ran out of room.  Should I have stayed FD to help clerics when they 
logged back in?

Well I ran back from SFG and arrived to find there were just two giants 
left standing, one right at the door and one in Vox's room.  Rezzing had 
already begun, but there were bodies with a giant blocking the way.  A 
paladin and I were the only tanks ready to go, but we pulled the giant 
and took it apart in fairly quick order.

Well once everyone got rezzed up there was some clumsy buffing (it 
wasn't organized, we knew we were supposed to stack all the dummy buffs 
we could find on, and then get critical ones... but who was casting 
what, and on who, was a mess, I really missed some guild days of the 
past.  So this took about three times as long as I'd have thought, but 
eventually we were ready to go.

Pullers managed to find a few more giants (perhaps some repops already, 
had it been that long?) and terrors (a prickly pear dropped and I 
managed to get it from the looter without having to spend DKP on it) and 
some spiders and of course the elite goblins from the king room several 
times (also got a frost goblin skin to MQ a quest for my son's mage), 
and then the Vox pull time came.

We decided to pull to just inside the doors, rather than fight in her 
room, an unusual approach but given the long and expensive CR the guild 
had gone thru in the morning (jade inlaid coffins are a noticable 
expense still on Combine, with old world money levels) one that had its 
merits... and we knew Vox would travel to there and even into the King 
room, as she'd just come and chewed us up while we were finishing off 
the majority of her Giants.  Healers were positioned where they would be 
shielded by a wall but in cast range of the combat, Casters hidden away 
as well to wait the Burn call, and the tank corp positioned just outside 
the door, to await the assist call.

Vox was successfully pulled to our desired spot, the MT went in and held 
her alone for a while, then the rest of the melee charged in and started 
to work.  I got feared a couple times, got no healing at all, but 
managed to stay alive because when the command to Burn came, I started 
chaining Lifedraws, which were adequate to keep up with her AE, as well 
as significantly increasing my DPS.  The kill went fairly cleanly, we 
lost a monk and a shaman (I'm guessing puller and crippler), nobody 
during the bulk of the fight (no sacrificial ranger, despite time 
honored custom)

Drops were bid out, a white dragon scale, white dragon skin, eyepatch, 
some bracer which seemed pretty lame, nothing I was interested in, but I 
hadn't come for loot.  The kill was also announced globally, because 
Combine has a system in place where kills on the Key mobs for opening 
the next expanion are announced, not just initially when they matter, 
but every time.

Someone commented in a global channel that this was equivalent to 
announcing the death of a level 5 gnoll, and of course in a way it was; 
Vox has died a dozen or more times in the past couple weeks, and only 
the first time mattered as far as opening the next expansion; heck, this 
kill didn't even happen till after that expansion was over!

On the other hand, we did it mostly under 50, and no over 50 buff squad, 
in almost entirely pre kunark gear... its the least geared and buffed 
I've ever been for a Vox kill, and I was happy about how smoothly it went.

Then we went off to Hate, where I got a lesson in what I'd feared in 
deciding to play a tank; my near utter uselessness.  Two warriors, a 
paladin, and a higher level SK were all ahead of me on the totem pole, 
in fact the SK, Paladin, and I were grouped together with a druid.  We 
had no role really, thru about 99% of the evening, mobs were killed, 
wait for assist, go in and melee without getting aggro.  At one point 
the higher level SK and I were competing to see who could do more damage 
without casting; he got 119 points and I beat him out with 125.

The other SK and I did have a great deal of fun talking about a wide 
range of issues in tells, and we saw a good couple dozen drops spread 
out among  guildmates (very little drops in Hate for SK, the one piece 
that did was for DE SK of Innoruuk only, and had what looked to me like 
terrible stats for an SK... something or other of Rot, and I said the Of 
Rot part was appropriate anyway)

At one point, though, there was a significant overpull with several 
unmezzable mobs, and suddenly we got our chance to shine, we each 
grabbed one and tanked it for a couple minutes; I recieved some of my 
only heals the entire evening, and burned thru the bulk of my mana on 
lifedraws, until the focus of the raid got around to me and my golem... 
I'd gone thru about a third of its HP in that time, and of course in 
twenty seconds it was gone.

Well we killed much of tier 2, including some named like Maestro and 
that irritating hand, had a couple Evac moments and went back in before 
eventually calling it a night.  In that time, including the one 90% 
rezzed death in Perma, I net one blue in raid exp... the equivalent of 
killing two mobs in DL or COM.

Went to join some guildmates in LGuk who were trying for the FBSS, got 
my one remaining blue to ding 58 in fairly short order (it had been 
tantalizingly close for many hours by this point, watching the raid 
kills incredibly slow creep of exp), killed Frenzy several times but no 
joy on the drop... and felt much much better about an SK's utitily, 
serving as Main tank and tagger and at some points as sole healer (well, 
only of myself, but lifedrawing sufficient to stay alive till the target 
died when our shaman wasn't around)  My DPS was still astonishingly bad 
compared to the two monks, wizard, and shaman pet... but I'm aware that 
this isn't my job.

My problem is, as the raiding experience showed, that the job of MT goes 
to one person in a group, which is fine as I'm generally the only tank 
in a group... but it also goes to one person, and perhaps to a backup, 
in a raid, while there are probably 6+ tank class people there.  Beyond 
that first couple tanks, the rest are there to contribute DPS (poorly) 
and on the off chance that need will come up for off tanking (once the 
whole evening this time) or that something will chew thru the principle 
tanks and we'll fall back on the motly remainder.

Are there other roles for the SK in raids?  Should I have been pulling? 
  There were a couple times where the monk puller died and a substitute 
was called for, I stayed quiet because I don't know the zone and didn't 
really know if it was a job I should be up for... cast FD sucks compared 
to monk FD and I can't say I've acquired the player skills for the job, 
generally when I'm puller I'm just dragging whatever I can find back to 
my party, where the adds are mezzed and we mow them down.  I've only 
FD'd off a pull a few times in 48 levels of play while in a group (I've 
done it a lot more often solo) and in particular have had significant 
difficuly in figuring out how to use FD to split mobs (the one I dot 
seems to generally walk off first, leaving his buddy behind to watch 
over me in case I move)

Without finding some kind of niche, though, I'm looking at this 
experience as comfirmation of my fears in taking a tank class; I'm a 
good pick for a group, capable of soloing (if not spectacularly, at 
least decently), good partnered with most classes (almost anyone is 
better than solo... and only Warrior and to a lesser extent Paladin 
strike me as not a big improvement)... but a huge Also Ran on a raid, 
both because Warrior is the preferred MT class, but also simply because 
Tanks don't seem to stack well.

I could go back and reroll as a warrior... but then I'd be significantly 
behind on levels and the no drop gear is starting to roll in, so I'll 
also be undergeared, by the time I catch up with the guild to become a 
51 warrior, which is what the current MT is, he'll doubtless be 60 and 
with much better gear; I'll never get to the point where I'm the top 
pick for MT tha way either.

My only other hope is that if I can really apply myself I can outlevel 
the other SK and the paladin, and get to the point where I'm a good pick 
for SA or TA, if not MA, relying on the superior aggro grabbing 
abilities of the SK to beat out Warrior #2 and Warrior #3 for the job.

Berg, 48 SK, Combine


