From 2032149961157007650
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,eb2fc0c01fdbe94d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-30 17:00:11 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!cpk-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.gtei.net!newshub2.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Day two on Firiona Vie
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <0cbfrtsrbah3nkhlq7kfeucup597atu0s6@4ax.com>
References: <1jperto0modnknf00k2qck5s7e6dniocfe@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 106
Date: Mon, 01 Oct 2001 00:00:09 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1001894409 24.3.225.40 (Sun, 30 Sep 2001 17:00:09 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 30 Sep 2001 17:00:09 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:122163

On Sun, 30 Sep 2001 14:45:35 -0400, Impatiens Pallida
<pallidanospam@bellsouth.net> wrote:

>I really hadn't planned on playing on FV today,
>but the login server apparently crashed, so off
>to Test we go. The newbie zone in Kelethin was
>insanely crowded,especially with
>non-roleplayers. 

WELL COLOR ME SURPRISED. In case you don't know probably less than 5
percent of the people on an EQ server roleplay much, that won't change
on this one since the rules have nothing to do with roleplaying or
making you roleplay. 

If you have to silence most of the server, cutting out ooc and such,
so you see less non roleplaying you will also see less roleplaying.


>They were noticeable by their
>abuse of the auction channel. This is likely to
>be a temporary problem that will be resolved
>when the log-in server comes back up.

They will "abuse" any channel they are able to since OOC was
eliminated. See, on your regular server if you want to roleplay you
can turn OOC OFF. Is it possibly starting to dawn on people that
limiting what you can do is probably not the best way to foster
roleplaying and in fact may work in exactly the opposite way? I hope
it is.


>The hunting grounds were so crowded the mobs
>were being swamped after two futile attempts to
>kill bats, I switched tactics. (I don't think
>anyone was kill-stealing, it's just with six
>toons per mob, they mobs were getting swamped as
>soon as they spawned by multiple players).

When the server is acutally up it will be far worse. Everyone goes to
a  news server. The new rules set and seeing it work is an added
attraction. The ability to opitimize and get ahead of everyone else
knowing what you are doing and starting with several friends from a
guild on another server is another attraction. Trying to predict if
people will roleplay or the hope that they do is really not a reason
to play on such a server at all. You can't predict behavior.

Someone gave a pretty good figure that is probably about right. They
said only about 5 percent of the players of EQ you ever encounter on
any server are interested in roleplaying. Even if you take ALL that 5
percent from other servers, due to loggin in at different times and
such and not always being on, you probably won't end up with much more
than 5 percent on this server.


>Off I went to the Bards guild. One hour later, I
>was flush with 5 pp and an intimate knowledge of
>the track between kelethin and felwithe. The exp
>that way is slow, but the money is nice at my
>level and the road was being kept clear of mobs
>by the other players. 

Ahaha that is exactly what I do if a wood elf on a new server, welcome
to the land of optimization.


>I only saw five or six
>other people doing what I was doing. Are we so
>used to pl-ing our characters to get them
>quickly through levels 1-5 that we have
>forgotten alternative routes to getting exp?

No, in fact what you were doing was more of a power gamer thing than
PL'ing. Which is why I do it. Did you know you can get the mail from
TWO places in butcher to bring it back to gfay?
Once you can gate you are really loaded ;)


>The mail quest is a very simple quest suitable
>for very low levels. Once the population of the
>server returns to reasonable levels, it will be
>a lot less viable, but right now it is probably
>the fastest way to get to level 5.

Yep, on a new server I can have a wood elf druid pretty rich and
making her own patchwork armor in no time. Basically my thing to do is
do that then about the time that some hobbit has PL'd to 14 in misty I
take the boat over and pay a plat for a bind and escape the gfay
ghetto since misty on new servers in the off hours that I play is far
better than Gfay.

Of course iksar land with an iksar would be the best place to start of
all, but god they are ugly and you can't even tell the female one is a
female =/

I think when the FV server is really up I might try a dark elf cleric.
It will be a fun challenge to be on the evil alignment team what with
no druids to help port and what not. All the porting and evac chores
will be on the wizards and all the druid type abilities will be on the
shaman while the shaman will still have to slow.. boy, evil will be
about the hardest. 

Good of course should be the easiest.. with all the class including
druid and shaman but what about corpse summoning? HMm I think Ill get
on test and see how they have it split up.

Email: dstephenAThomeDOTcom


