From 7345923553021981281
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f6d9754333c72261,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!news.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 07 Aug 2005 22:41:37 -0500
From: Seeq Endestroi <seeq@nospam.co.uk>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: EQL Building Deepwater Knights Faction
Date: Sun, 07 Aug 2005 22:41:35 -0500
Sender: Seeq Endestroi <seeq@nospam.co.uk>
Reply-To: Seeq Endestroi <seeq@nospam.co.uk>
Message-ID: <sqkdf1l7ecrsnglkj0uhufjd5o4r5fn4st@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 2.0/32.652
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 89
X-Trace: sv3-vEp27tRRMz4l9NmRtFwJNxS6Ja8X7iWvifsUxazfpfC/GI0JfHY2JwDnoc28OnUpC6g/bQi8EsqheXB!MliM+nKM6bS27rrSn58CMUMqIndkG2EczhdYiqllHN7QQoZU2v2wVqPPFSZdz4ekjBRPZw==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:5180

Gretha Vangrath of The Rathe clued me into a cycle that took my Deepwater Knights faction
from apprehensive to ally in about 2 hours. I imagine that any Paladin of 35 or over could
achieve similarly speedy results.  There may be other ways to do this, but they probably
can't be safely done by younger Knights....still, if you know of another way, post it in a
reply so it might remain in the public bitstream forevermore. 

Here's Gretha's secret recipe: 

Kill Kobolds in the Warrens (level 2 through 24), grabbing all of the Kobold Molars that
drop. When you've collected a dozen to 15 teeth, head out to Erudin (you'll be really glad
if you have JBoots, TBoots, Run3, SoW potions or the holy pony). 

As you pass through the Paineel newbie area, kill Noclin Saah (level 15, +15 to Deepwater
Knights faction), whom stands to the right of the tunnel which leads out of the newbie
area. 

Then, just inside the tunnel, open the door in the South wall, run up the stairs, and kill
Azzar Habbib (level 25, +10 to Deepwater Knights faction) at the top of the stairs. 

Do not attack Duriek Bloodpool (level 55), the SK Epic 1.0 mob whom stands close to
Habbib. Bloodpool is an Epic 1.0 hand-in mob and as such is very difficult to kill, and
besides, he doesn't generate Deepwater Knights faction. He'll leave you alone if you leave
him alone - he's non-social and will not assist Habbib. FYI, if Bloodpool is not up, it
means that an SK has recently done a hand-in for his Epic 1.0 - the hand-in script kills
Bloodpool. 

Run out to Toxxulia Forest, and head North-west out of the Paineel zone-in. Just North of
the little dock around 0,1000 you'll find Elial Brook (level 7, +20 to Deepwater Knights
faction). Kill him dead. 

Continue running, but now head North-east to the Erudin zone-in. Avoid a nasty suprise by
conning the guards before you approach the tunnel. 

Inside Erudin, run to the teleport pad and hop on. When you pop out, run to the stairs. Go
up and enter the 2nd building on the right. This is the Erudin Paladin and Cleric guild,
home of the Deepwater Knights. Go inside, make your way to the back of the main room, go
out the door, turn right, and you'll find Tiam Khonsir waiting patiently for your Kobold
Molar hand-in. 

Con Tiam Khonsir (level 61). You must have at least dubious Deepwater Knights faction to
do molar hand-ins. If he's scowling or threatening you'd best leave and go kill Elial
Brook many many many more times before giving up your precious molars to Khonsir. 

If you're dubious or better, hand Khonsir those Kobold Molars, one at a time, for +1
Deepwater Knights faction, some other faction adjustments, a little cash, and an
occasional piece of Kunark-era newbie gear. Con him after you've handed in all your
molars. 

(Curiously enough, between the Kobold loot and the rewards from Khonsir, I made well over
a kiloplat in the 2 hours I spent on this excercise. Sure, sure, it was in copper, silver
and gold, and I was extremely encumbered towards the end, but there are banks in Erudin
and Knowledge for this sort of thing.) 

If you're not yet ally to the Deepwater Knights, run back out to Toxxulia Forest, kill
Elial Brook again - he'll be waiting for you because he's on a 6-minute spawn timer! Then
run to the Paineel newbie area and kill Noclin Saah, who is on a 6-minute timer as well.
But Azzar Habib won't respawn for 30 minutes - so unless you've been really slow on your
round-trip to Tiam Khonsir in Erudin, Habib won't be there for you to kill. 

Back into the Warrens. Kill more doggies, get more molars. Head back to Erudin once you've
got another dozen to 15 teeth. Don't worry about grabbing more than 15 teeth per trip. You
need to get back out into the world regularly to catch the higher-faction spawns in
Paineel and Toxxulia Forest. 

Kill Noclin Saah, he'll be waiting for you. Kill Azzar Habib if he's up. Kill Elial Brook,
he'll be waiting for you. Con Tiam Khonsir. Hand in your molars. Con Tiam Khonsir, hand
him your doggie teeth, one at a time, and con him again after giving him all of the Kobold
Molars that you have on you. Head back to the Warrens if necessary, killing Brook and Saah
again as you go. 

Rinse, wash and repeat until you've earned ally faction with the Deepwater Knights. 

Thanks a million, Gretha!

Best regards,

Tim ==
(substitute 'tcsys.com' for  'nospam.co.uk')
_________________ 

Seeq Endestroi
Paladin of Mithanial Marr, The Rathe
http://www.magelo.com/eq_view_profile.html?num=507035

My EQ Blog:
http://seeqoftherathe.blogspot.com

Grave Wisdom / Grave Intentions - a Rathe Guild
http://www.gravewisdom.com


