From -7463208463143162566
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7a01708e1cf528ad
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-05 05:34:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!supernews.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Forget AO, Shadowbane, DAOC, SWG etc, Blizzard tosses in the gauntlet(world of warcraft)
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <4c5cpt88ik14repib8mqgv1qtnj5go7dh2@4ax.com>
References: <0gt6pt4gbomp9k9vu5e57j3hg5at3c5k2u@4ax.com> <ih6l7.226$Jx2.246114@news.uswest.net>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 136
Date: Wed, 05 Sep 2001 12:34:41 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 999693281 24.3.225.40 (Wed, 05 Sep 2001 05:34:41 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 05 Sep 2001 05:34:41 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:115096

On Tue, 4 Sep 2001 09:18:28 -0600, "Nospam@killspam.com"
<nospam@killspam.com> wrote:

Stuff cut

>Now listening to the interview and looking at the info, it would appear that
>WoW is STILL not going to be as serious as a RPG as EQ is now, course that
>could change, but I don't think so. Look at why SC and D are successful,
>they are easy to learn, fast to get into and fast to get out of. Sure
>learning how to build carriers in SC is vastly different from building
>tanks, but you still have to build the correct buildings to climb the tech
>trees to get there. SC is like chess, the individual pieces are easy to
>learn (attack, mine, build), but its putting them all together into a
>complete strat that will crush your opponent, now that's the fun part to
>learn.

Yeah I get what you are saying but I think that World of Warcraft
would be even easier to get into.


>EQ doesn't have that "learn the build order or die" mentality. You can take
>it at the pace you are comfortable. If you NEVER want to melee, you can do
>that. 

Well, not really. The only way you can do that is by standing around
and never leveling. I mean, to progress you have to melee. If you mean
standing around and never leveling you can do that in Warcraft online
as well I bet, or any game ;) Even a spellcaster in EQ has to start
out meleeing some.


>If you NEVER want to learn a trade skill you can do that. If you want
>to play every race/class combo possible, you can do that. 

Yeah but you can do that in Warcraft online or any game also. No game
makes you learn a trade skill from what I've heard. You could play
every race class combo also that it had, why could you not???


>WoW is going to be
>about fighting "...you won't be able to read a book while playing..." It's
>going to be about fighting this or that pure and simple. 

I think you kind of mistook that quote. That quote means that it won't
purposefully slow you down like the downtime in EQ. You won't be
taking a 45 minute boat ride in WoW and reading a book IN REAL LIFE is
what that means. You won't be soloing and medding and reading a book
in real life. The reading a book while playing EQ became a running
joke, anytime you see a quote like that they are mocking EQ. You could
go over and stand in the corner in WoW and read a book in real life as
well as in EQ though, its just saying its much more active playing.

I HAVE read a book WHILE playing EQ and NOT with my character
purposefully sitting in a corner, so I know exactly what they mean.
I've read books while actively playing Everquest.


>Fast paced action
>from start to finish. I didn't even hear anything about quests. That's good
>if you like that sort of thing, not everyone is into that.

Yeah but "Everquest" really has few "quests." Its got a few real good
ones (very few) and a few newbie fodder quests like give the bone
chips. Its been called a misnomer many times though. It certainly has
never lived up to that name. In fact, now with Luclin and trivial
combat code for quests it will even less. For a person level 55 or
above I bet Luclin gets nicknamed "Neverquest." 

Some companies are just careful about what they say. Besides, quests
are really no longer something you talk up about this type of game
because they go in by default. Hmm now that I think about it I do
remember hearing about quests in wow anyway. Or at least from the
gamespot article:

"Regardless, the game will be different at its core: For instance,
questing will play a more major role in World of Warcraft than in
Warcraft III. Blizzard demonstrated a rather involved quest even at
this early stage in the game's development. Read on to learn about it,
and the quest system in general.

Questing in Azeroth 
Like the other aspects of the game, the quest-generation system in
World of Warcraft has been purposely created to be straightforward.
Quest goals, rewards, and relative challenges will generally be made
clear--you'll have a sense of whether you'll be capable of completing
one of the multi-staged quests that the game's non-player characters
might offer you. To demonstrate just how accessible World of
Warcraft's quest system will be to new players, Blizzard's Bill Roper
created a human male character named Lothar in a matter of seconds,
and quickly set off on a starting quest. "

".... Antaris' story was short and to the point, and upon choosing to
seek out the tree beast, Lothar's minimap instantly displayed an arrow
pointing him in the direction of his next goal--another character who
could provide additional information on the matter. This feature of
the minimap will constantly convey a sense of progress and maintain
the overall pace of the game every time you receive a new quest goal"

" Blizzard did not disclose how the game would deal with multiple
player characters attempting to take the same quests, but did make it
clear that World of Warcraft would not involve players having to
compete for quests or wait in line for them, or wait around for
monsters like Ironbranch to respawn. "

http://gamespot.com/gamespot/stories/previews/0,10869,2809173-6,00.html

(etc)

Also from the official site:

"Enjoy hundreds of hours of gameplay created by a rich and dynamic
quest system"

http://www.blizzard.com/wow/

Sounds very well set up for quests to me, in fact more so than some
"other" game. 


>So bottom line, I am going to wait for another MMORPG that can give EQ a run
>for its money. Until that time, I'll be learning as much about Norrath as I
>can. I've only been playing for 2 months and I have a LONG way to go. I will
>be hoping that Blizzard will make a more immersive game, but looking at
>their past, I don't think they will deviate from their tried and true
>pattern.
>
><scrape scrape> I'll get off my soapbox now. Sorry for the length of the
>post.

Hmm Actually I did not go and read more of that gamespot thing until
you mentioned not hearing about quests. Now I'm even more excited
about this game. Its weird, from going to not even being known to me a
week ago this is now the game I'm thinking will be it more than swg,
horizons, daoc or shadowbane.

ydstephen@yhome.ycom   remove y's


