From -6136263358093121251
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cac31be5088cc5ae
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-13 03:19:05 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: New Necro
Date: Sun, 13 Jan 2002 06:21:09 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C416DA5.BFAC3632@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <Rpd08.265327$WW.13445888@bgtnsc05-news.ops.worldnet.att.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 69
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:156018

WBrownlee wrote:
> 
> Ok, never been an evil race. Yeah, I'm only lv 2 as a necro, but I'm
> thinking ahead.... I'm soooo used to Misty Thicket (that's where I run all
> my gals to begin with, cause there's just so much going on there!) that I'm
> kinda having a hard time with Nektoulos Forest. I KNOW that this has got to
> be a different mindset, but it's giving me a hard time getting into it. Can
> anyone give me some "rules" or... something... to get me into the right
> frame of mind? Or if I'm not already, should I even be attempting an evil
> race? I'd really like to get some xp as an evil race, after playing "good"
> races for so long. I just don't know how to go about it. Anyone got any
> hints? I'd appreciate anything anyone would like to send/post... any info,
> help, suggestions, etc. Oh, and I really want to solo!

Heya, Darklet. Welcome to the dark side.
MUA HA HA.
[gasp, sputter, choke]
Ah, well.. ok then. Playing an evil. Yes, I too started out my eq career
playing nothing but those goody-goody light-n-fluffy types. Until I
started my Troll. It's a bit of a different world, and you get to see
and play in, different places than you will with the other folks.

There's two ways you can approach this thing. First, like so many people
sadly do, you can try to play your DE Necro like a good type. While far
from easy, and in fact quite tedious, it can be done. There are a slew
of factions you'd have to fix that you used to take for granted, and
none of them repair easily. You have the whole enchelada of things
against you.... race, religion, and ... err ... occupation. As a
necromancer of an evil race worshipping an evil god, you've got a LONG
way to go on most factions. So why bother?

The other way to be evil is to just say fuck it and BE EVIL. Embrace it!
Revel in it! As a dark race, the lighties are there for your amusement
and destruction. Plus, as a necro, you have a moral obligation to see
them off into the next world at any opportunity. The beauty of it is
that, if you don't care for some of the other evil folks, Gank them too!
Death is your domain. Deal it out!

To the real mechanics of the game... EQ was set up so that all of the
dark races would have an area they could call home, and some close by
areas where they could grow through their early levels in comfort. Try
to stick with those at first. Later on you may want to adjust some
factions for ease of shopping and banking far from home, but by the time
you hit 29 (which won't take a necro long) you'll be off to Kunark and
none of that will matter a bit anyway.

How to get there? Well, you do your first twelve levels hanging around
Nek forest and Lavastorm like everyone else, doing the normal rats,
bats, bugs and bears formula. Until you can get bind affinity. After you
can reset your bind point, the world is your oyster. At 12 go to Ocean
of Tears. For a number of levels you can do either the Alluring Sirens
out at the spires, or the goody goody Sisters of Errollisi (sp?) on
Sister's Isle. Outstanding xp for a soloist and the loot on the sisters
is pretty good also. Plenty of free weapons for your pets as well. Once
you make 18, stay right in that zone and move to the haunted isle to
solo the gargoyles. They took my necro to 24 in no time and racked up
nearly a thousand plat over that period. (Gargoyle eyes sell to
merchants for roughly 180 PP per stack.)

Post 24 you have lots of options. I'm camping the annoying Miller
siblings in Qeynos Hills, but there's plenty of other lighties out there
to be slaughtered.
Good luck and good hunting, young dark one. 
he he he
-- 
jaZZ md
*******
"Someday we'll look back on this moment and plow into a parked car."
-- Evan Davis


