From 9153376565243699745
X-Google-Thread: fb739,270a5dee6586857
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!news.moat.net!pln-e!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!news3
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Paging Monual / Richard Lawson.
Date: Mon, 2 May 2005 14:03:10 -0500
Organization: http://newsguy.com
Lines: 78
Message-ID: <d55thf02g1@news3.newsguy.com>
References: <4271c106$0$27863$61c65585@un-2park-reader-01.sydney.pipenetworks.com.au>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-265.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2527
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2527
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Response
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:35199

Hey, all.

I've been on an EverQuest hiatus.  I servermoved from Drinal to Quellious to 
join a guild there, only to have it dissolve underneath me.  I joined 
another guild, and saw that it, too, quickly went into ruins.

That took a lot of the wind out of my sails.  Everyone was leaving in 
droves, and I just couldn't find a good, stable guild.  I decided to try the 
Matrix Online, and currently I have a level 35 Arbalest (think Wizard).

MxO has serious game balance and content issues, but you'd expect that for a 
brand-new MMO.  My Arbalest has a Stun spell that seems almost completely 
unresistable and renders a mob completely unable to attack of defend for ten 
seconds, which is plenty of time for me to get in some very serious damage. 
I routinely kill mobs that are ten levels (or more) higher than me.  The 
spell is so unbalancing as to make the game boring - but then again, I'd 
hate to think of life without it, either.  It's the Complete Heal of MxO.

I tried playing another class, a Spy.  Alas, a recent change made the class 
completely useless.  And I do mean completely; it currently has no viable 
function within the game.  Think of a Rogue and taking away backstab and 
SoS.  The developers have acknowledged that Spies have a problem at the 
moment and have promised a solution - eventually.

My biggest complaint with MxO is the clunky interface makes talking to other 
people a chore.  All messages - NPC emotes, /ooc messages, tells, says - go 
to the same box.  Quite often people will send me a tell and I'll miss it 
completely.  Currently there is no way to customize the UI, although that is 
apparently on the horizon.  Meanwhile, I feel completely isolated.  I solo a 
bunch of missions and have no one to talk to, ever.  Yes, I could join a 
"crew" - the MxO term for guild - but I have no means to discover which are 
the good guilds and which are the bad ones.  Someone from a guild with 
alternating capitals in the name - HaCkErS oF ZiOn or something - tried to 
recruit me but I wasn't interested.

It's also quite obvious that the game could have used a few more months' 
beta.  Oh, it's playable, but there are a ton of annoying bugs out there. 
For example, when you do a mission (much like an LDoN), bodies never decay. 
And if you kill several mobs in the same place, you're unable to loot any 
except the "top" mob, and often mission-critical items are on a mob at the 
bottom of the pile.  I've had to learn to "spread out" my mob kills, but 
that's the kind of bug you'd think they'd've worked out before release. 
That's just one example of a list of bugs.  The developers are obviously 
working quite hard to fix all these; they just released a massive patch that 
fixed a ton of issues, but there's still a ton more in the hopper.

A couple of days ago I got an Instant Message from my former guildleader on 
Drinal, saying hi.  We chatted for a bit and I asked him about the status of 
the game.  He said that server populations appear to have stabilized at this 
point - while people still leave, it's not the flood of a couple of months 
ago.  He's doing well in his new guild on Povar, and they're making good 
progress in the new expansion.

That encouraged me, so I logged on Monual and did a /movelog to Povar. 
Playing a new MMO like MxO makes you really appreciate how well-aged EQ is. 
There is a definite advantage to playing a game that's got the major kinks 
straightened out and has made major balancing efforts over the years.

I tried to check the EQClerics forums to see the current state of the 
cleric.  Alas, those forums appear to have disappeared somewhere.  Anyone 
know where?

Anyway, when the movelog is complete I'll probably give EQ one last go. 
I'll check the guilds out and try to join a good one.  I'd love to 
participate in some good high-end raiding once again.  I just was strongly 
discouraged by the mass exodus of a couple months back.  If that is indeed 
mostly done with, I'm willing to try again.

I'll let y'all know how it goes.  =)

-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Prelate of Rodcet Nife
<no guild>
<no server> 




