From 8662244652232113765
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,fd91dc113cafba82,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-05-22 09:51:55 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newsfeed1.earthlink.net!newsfeed2.earthlink.net!newsfeed.earthlink.net!news.mindspring.net!not-for-mail
From: "John M Clancy" <jmclancy@ix.netcom.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Lum's interview with Gordon "ABASHI" Wrinn, interesting stuff
Date: Tue, 22 May 2001 12:52:48 -0400
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Lines: 517
Message-ID: <9ee5f4$gq1$1@nntp9.atl.mindspring.net>
Reply-To: "John M Clancy" <[nospam]jmclancy@ix.netcom.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: a5.79.d2.7b
X-Server-Date: 22 May 2001 16:51:48 GMT
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:77084

From:

http://www.lumthemad.net/news/2004.php

EQ: INTERVIEW WITH GORDON "ABASHI" WRINN ON SHADOWS
 OF LUCLIN EQ EXPANSION
2001-05-20 12:30:00 [Filed by Lum the Mad]
Here's a transcript of our discussion with Gordon "Abashi" Wrinn, Asst.
 Producer for the new Shadows of Luclin EQ expansion, on the
expansion itself, as well as the new PvP server about to be introduced,
 and a few other topics.

Gordon "Abashi" Wrinn (shows two new Luclin models, a human and a
 troll, with a kerran ("Vah'Shir") guard standing in the background.

Abashi: .and here the troll has his huge two-handed weapon (the idle
 animation shows the troll pounding the ground with his hammer using
 an overhanded swing every five seconds). Because of that animation
they don't scratch their butts anymore.

Lum: I heard you put in a BUTT-SCRATCHING EMOTE.

Abashi: Um, it's amazing how rumors start. I told one guy yesterday.

Lum: I heard that Brad was bragging about it! "Yeah, we can't have
them scratch their butts when idling, so now they do it on command."
So we won't see legions of butt-scratchers marching across the
landscape?

Abashi: Hopefully not. Of course, that pounding the ground every ten
seconds can get annoying too. OK, here's the same guy with his armor
on. When we talk about the new detachable armor, that lets us do things
like visible shoulderpads. We can use different textures, show pieces of
armor that wouldn't show before, these shoulderpads being one of them,
we'll probably have cloaks assuming we can get the polys under control.

Lum: I know you probably don't know yet, but would they be flowing as
you run or remain static?

Abashi: That's the thing, cloaks look like crap unless you can make them
flow correctly. To make them flow correctly takes a ton of polys. So we're
really looking for a new way to do the cloaks. And what form that takes, it's
hard to say.

Lum: So is that the troll's new idle animation? I mean, that would get REALLY
OLD. He's pounding his stick all day!

Abashi: That's his new form of butt scratching.

Lum: Oh god. That can't stay. (laughing)

Abashi: It's fun for the first five minutes. Maybe the first five seconds.

Lum: It's like we now have trolls with raging attention deficit disorder.

Abashi: Let's see if he can sit down correctly here. (He makes the troll sit;
showing a new animation with the troll visibly setting his hammer down beside
him.) Yeah, it still penetrates the ground. (gets up and moves). Programmers
have some strange things every once in a while. Right now, to sit you type /sit
and to stand up is /sit off.

Lum: You're lucky it isn't /sit 0.

(The troll moves to some flatter ground and sits, where the weapon now
smoothly aligns with the ground as he sets it down.)

Abashi: OK, that works. It gets a little ornery when you have a larger weapon
that always penetrates the ground right now. Let's go look at the world now.
We're upping the poly count in the world. Probably the biggest thing that we're
doing is fading in a detail texture, which fades in in a radius around you. We
have much more realistic looking grass. We also have grass that stands up in
a radius around you.

Lum: Is that configurable from the client?

Abashi: We will make each setting configurable completely. You'll be able to
turn it off completely, or change the distance that goes out. It's just an immersion
thing, it won't have any impact on gameplay. We may even make them sway in
the wind. (laughs) But we won't make the wind change direction.(Reference to
the Star Wars Galaxies demo - ed.)

Lum: You gotta admit, that was impressive.

Abashi: Yeah. Those guys are just amazing, they really are. OK, at higher
elevations, the grass is shorter then at lower ones. So you go down into a swamp
area and the grass gets pretty tall. Up over here, an example of one of the new
NPCs. We've got new model designers and texture designers for Luclin. The other
guys went on to different projects. This is an "underhulk", not to be confused with
an umber hulk.

Lum: Looks like a big crab.

Abashi: Here we have a gromling, we're not happy with him yet at all.

Lum: Looks like an evil Halfling or something.

Abashi: Nah, those are more like the orcs of Luclin.

(another NPC flies past, a bright blue, um, flying thing.)

Lum: That looked almost too colorful.

Abashi: Too saturated. It's not quite what you're used to seeing in Everquest.
We're not sure if we're happy with that or not, being that it's set on the moon.

(the NPC flies right through a nearby tree)

Lum: That's a good question there, are we going to see any better collision
detection?

Abashi: The tree's an object, and that's what they do in Everquest. The objects are
not considered even there.

Lum: I understand that, I was just wondering if it was going to change.

Abashi: Were that world geometry, he probably would have been standing on
its side. Probably not, no, we don't plan to put in anything for collision detection
with objects. So much of the world is objects, the CPU load would be hell for us
at this point.

Lum: What kind of system requirements are you shooting for?

Abashi: We know they're going up. We don't know how far up yet. We won't
know how far up until we get all of our performance enhancements in. They're
not really in yet. We've added hardware T&L, high level DirectX support. We're
even playing with, although that's more an aesthetics thing than a performance
thing, N-patching. basically that's a way you can offload the tessellation of the
world geometry to the video card. You can take a peak, which is like a triangle,
and round it off for you in displaying it. I personally don't know if I like the rounded
off thing we're seeing everywhere. The engine/art displays everything very
smoothly, or displays everything sharply. We probably need more of a middle
ground.

(He zooms the landscape out, showing a huge vista of smoothly rolling hills.)

Abashi: Before, the textures would be applied individually to each polygon. What
we're doing now is one huge texture.

Lum: Yeah, it looks a lot smoother, there's no more tiling.

Abashi: With some of the higher contrast texures we occasionally see some tiling.

Lum: It's a lot harder to see, though.

Abashi: Yeah, it doesn't go on forever.

Lum: Let's talk a little about the gameplay enhancements coming with the
expansion. I know you've been talking some already about the new class coming,
the Kerran Beastmaster, what else do we have coming?

Abashi: In addition to the new class, we have the new race, the class will be
able to..

Lum: Are they a hybrid shaman, like shadowknights were hybrid necromancers?

Abashi: That's not really one hundred percent accurate. They're going to have
components of several different classes. They'll be primarily shamanistic, but
they'll have a host of their own spells.

Lum: Are they going to be much more of a tank-mage then a hybrid?

Abashi: No, because their combat skills, they will be higher than a shaman
but not as high as a shadowknight or a paladin. They'll be skilled in unarmed
combat, so they'll be a little monkish that way. They are a leather armor class,
and they will be fairly dependent on their pet.

Lum: So shamen actually get better armor than beastmasters then.

Abashi: Yeah.

Lum: What would you see their role as in a higher level group?

Abashi: That's really hard to say right now. Probably more variety overall.

Lum: Kind of a generalist, like a druid, then?

Abashi: Yeah. I certainly wouldn't want to call them "The Masters Of" anything.

Lum: My monk is the master of dying!

Abashi: We no longer want to call any class the master of anything, because we
just get SLAPPED. "We're no longer the master of this!"

Lum: Do they have a. like, shamen are really, at higher levels, sought out for
their slow line. They can buff and heal to a degree, but really, they are popular
in groups because of their slow line of spells. Do they have something that
would make a group say "hey, let's get this guy"?

Abashi: I, I'd hate to say right now.

Lum: OK

Abashi: I think the actual answer is "no more than most of the other classes
out there". The ones that have something like that, I really tend to consider an
oversight, where we make a class a be-all and end-all requirement. I don't
necessarily agree that we should have required classes. There's other people
who disagree.

Lum: Like clerics.

Abashi: Right. They [beastmasters] will be soloable.

Lum: How soloable compared to necromancers or druids?

Abashi: I wouldn't compare them to a druid, more so to a shadowknight. I
wouldn't say as soloable as a shadowknight, because they don't have fear,
and reverse-kiting is part of what a shadowknight does. But they will have
several other things that they can do. They will be able to buff their pets up
quite a bit.

Lum: Are their pets going to be more powerful than shamen pets?

Abashi: Yes. Their pets will actually be more powerful than shadowknight pets,
which is the tradeoff for less armor. We still need to balance the class out. We
have a list of things that we want to give them. We have to balance them, see
how it ends up. Something specific, like "We gotta have a beastlord, because
if we don't have a beastlord we can't do.!"? No. Not unless we put in some
content specifically for that purpose. Which we've been known to do. We'll see
what happens. As far as other content - non-level based advancement.

Lum: What does that mean.

Abashi: It describes something subtle enough so that people don't say "you
need to be 63 to be in this group, you need to be 68 to be in this group". But we
wanted to add some way for people to advance their characters without it being
seen as a necessity that they do so. That's what happened when we raised the
level cap with Kunark. People were perfectly happy running around at level 50,
having all kinds of fun, and all of a sudden we forced them to level. So we want
to do something that gives people the option to further advance their character,
without being required to do so. Some of the mechanisms we're working on
include trading in experience. So that you trade in some of your experience in
60th level for something special, maybe an increase to a base stat or a percentage
decrease in casting time. They will be relatively small percentages, not so much
that you would absolutely say that "we won't take someone in a group unless
they've traded in ten bars of 60." But it will be something that makes you a bit
better out there. Maybe you're a slightly faster damage dealer. Maybe your spells
do slightly less hate. Whatever we come up with for that.

Lum: That will be something easily quantifiable, that characters can see what
benefits they have for doing that?

Abashi: Yeah. We put one of the designers to work on this, and he came up
with a ton of ideas, and we frankly like them all. We could basically do them
all without making the character a ton more powerful. What we want to do is
avoid making characters more powerful, because then we would have to make
everything else more powerful to compensate. And then you'd have people
complaining that "you need forty people to do anything in this expansion".

Lum: Like Sleeper's Tomb in Velious.

Abashi: Well, that one we actually intended to require forty people to do that.
And we failed, because there are groups of six farming the protectors now.
What can you do?

Lum: Never underestimate the players!

Abashi: We're doing some UI changes. Nothing really special. (calls up the
old default non-full screen display) We'll be getting rid of this wonderful thing.

Lum: Just losing it entirely?

Abashi: Yeah. We couldn't make it bigger, or prettier. But we're really getting
to like the idea of a very unobtrusive interface. My only hope is that we make
it easier for a new user to get into and understand.

Lum: What about meditation? Are you getting rid of that completely, or having
some other method of obscuring the screen, or what?

Abashi: With the spellbook coming up and covering the screen?

Lum: Yeah.

Abashi: What we're looking into is a.. and this is something we're looking into
for the whole game, not just as part of Luclin, but we're considering making a
way of restricting view that doesn't restrict the whole view. So that you would
call up the spellbook and it would come 2/3rds of the way up the screen. So
you can peer over the top of the book.

Lum: Like a gnome? Nice visual image there! (laughs)

Abashi: We decided to leave the spellbook thing in, for lower levels, because
it's been seen as like a rite of passage. I finally get to the point where I don't
have to look at this goddamned spellbook.

Lum: I think that's a direct quote from my wife.

Abashi: And it also helps a character to learn how to play. Casters learn to
back up against a wall and not to leave their backs unprotected. It also encourages
them to get into groups, grouping, because it's better to have someone to protect
you. We're looking at reducing the impact of it though. Like you can glance over
the top of your book and see straight ahead, but that's it.

Lum: What kind of PvP stuff do you have going in with this? I remember reading
that you basically have two factions with this world, have you done any
development on that yet?

Abashi: Uh, the PvP stuff that's been mentioned with Luclin was actually a
misunderstanding.

Lum: Well, I remember the rumor that the whole thing would be arena-type free
PvP zones. But I mean aside from that, are there going to be any PvP enhancements?

Abashi: Not as part of Luclin. We are doing a new PvP server in the near future.
It will probably come out in two to three weeks, maybe a bit longer. I can give
you the skinny on that new rule set, it hasn't been announced yet.

Lum: Sure.

Abashi: There's still a couple of aspects that are a little bit tentative, but this
is the general direction that we're going for. A Deity-teams server. It will be
based on your religion. We'll have good, neutral and evil as the split. Which
team they'll apply to, we'll release that later. We're going with full PvP. You
can kill anyone at any level. A level 60 could kill a level 1 if he wanted to, or
a whole slew of level ones could.

Lum: What's going to keep a level 60 warrior from harvesting the newbie spawn?

Abashi: The question would be, what would be the point?

Lum: That's a good question with a lot of things about PvP!

Abashi: Loot rights will apply still for plus or minus five levels.

Lum: So you can attack someone, just not loot them.

Abashi: Right. We're leaning towards coin-only for that loot for right now.
There will be experience loss when dying to someone plus or minus 5 levels.
It was the only way we could think of to address the naked mage syndrome.
There has to be some way of inflicting loss.

Lum: Would there be some timer on that, to prevent corpse camping?

Abashi: No, players will have to learn when that occurs, and learn how
to get out of that situation. In the case of the level 60 camping the newbie
spawn, sooner or later word will get out and other 60s will come and get
him. We will have ways of promoting PvP. I haven't talked yet about any
of the advantages we're adding, which I'm about to get to. Also, as part
of this, by the way, we're getting rid of all the customer service rules
associated with PvP. So training, rules against training, rules against bind
point camping, zone camping, all of that will go away.

Lum: So those become strategies, basically.

Abashi: Those become strategies. People will engage in them as they see
fit. Snaring the kiting druid, which right now could get you suspended or
worse, will be a very legal strategy. The only thing that customer service
will get involved in is real-world harassment situations. Common decency
things. For advantages for PvP. We're not going to do experience gain.
We've ruled that out completely. We are talking about what we call an
insignia based system. Where when you loot the coin off a fallen foe you
will get an insignia of your deity. And we're talking about turning that in for
a faction boost, and once you get past a certain point you get benefits,
open up quests that were no longer available to you, that type of thing.
The other thing that we're talking about doing, and actually working on
implementing now, is logging all the PvP kills. And then we're going to
parse that log and keep a leader board on the Station. People will be able
to see where they stand in their guild, where their guild stands overall,
where their team stands overall, that type of thing. So back to your original
question, the level 60 guy harvesting the newbie log in Nektulos is going to
sooner or later get some person on the opposing team to cap him, because
that 60 guy is worth some good points.

Lum: Is there going to be any kind of story line, events that the GMs are
going to run with this?

Abashi: I don't know. It's really.. this is being entirely driven by the
development team right now, specific dynamic quests will become more
of a reality. I can see us sending dynamic quest people on there.

Lum: Things like mass invasions, that type of thing.

Abashi: Yeah. I hope to see a lot of that. Basically what we're looking for
is a way to encourage PvP in Everquest, and fix some of the problems that
people are experiencing. By the way I want to mention that with the new
server, the teams will be locked down. You will not be able to cast
beneficial spells on opposing team members.

Lum: Can different teams group together, can they send /tells to each other?

Abashi: We're talking about completely eliminating cross-team grouping,
but we aren't going to stop tells.

Lum: I've heard one rumor that you were even thinking of getting rid of
Common completely.

Abashi: That's what we're looking at for the next server down the line,
we're calling it the RP server, for lack of a better term, which will probably
involve the Deity Team model but without PvP.

Lum: So there would be no crossteaming but no PvP either.

Abashi: That would basically be the model, yes. We are using the new
server as an experiment, to see what we can implement. I've mentioned
the rules to a number of people at the show, and even talking about
experience loss and all of that, it's actually getting a good reception so far.

Lum: It sounds interesting so far.

Abashi: We sat down and talked about it, and one thing that Everquest
really lacked is the way to inflict losses on one another. That might not be
a politically correct thing for people to do, but that is one reason why
people play PvP.

Lum: Behavior modification.

Abashi: Yeah. I hope to see this new server as kind of the ultimate
RP server. Back to Luclin, here's a new indoor zone. We've got a
much higher polygon count, more curved surfaces. Polys that we used
to do with textures. Gratuitous use of polygons, at least for this city.

Lum: It looks a lot bigger at least in terms of area.

Abashi: It's not really bigger, what it is is more grand, I think.

Lum: I don't know of any other city with those huge town squares.

Abashi: This city actually has several of those. The city right now is in
three parts, three zones.

Lum: Another thing about Luclin is the bazaar zones, designed for trading.
how is that different from just using an auction channel?

Abashi: Really in functionality we're not talking about anything different.
What we're talking about is creating a crossroads type of zone, that is easily
reached by everybody. And is built for that purpose. The zone will be
primarily a huge room, we'll have vendors there, bankers there, one zone
away from the teleport into Luclin, and the teleport to Luclin is no farther away
than 5 or 6 zones from anywhere in Norrath. East Commons right now is popular.

Lum: It's a safe zone for any faction.

Abashi: Yeah, and that's what we wanted to do here, a safe trading area.
One of the things there where if they needed something and we didn't provide
it, they created it on their own. East Commons. Hopefully we can create a
better East Commons. The main factor is a banker in the same zone, bankers
and vendors and the fact that it's closer to everywhere in the world than
East Commons. Hopefully we can get people to use it. I don't know. We'll see.

Lum: Any trade skill enhancements planned for the expansion?

Abashi: Ah, your wife has been at work I see.

Lum: Well, I would be slaughtered if I didn't ask.

Abashi: Well, tradeskills have been expanded a lot lately, like the
food-oriented stuff we did recently, which suddenly made baking a viable
trade skill. There was absolutely no reason to do it before, there is to do it now.

Lum: Well, my wife did it just to give cakes and brownies to people.

Abashi: We've put in a whole bunch of recipes for that stuff. Trade skills
will be primarily an EQ Live component as we move along. I don't see
anything specifically associated with Luclin, unless we have Luclin-only
components.

Lum: But no new craftable armors like we saw with Velious?

Abashi: It would be premature to say that. There may be components in
Luclin that allow you to build new items. There will no doubt be new trade
skills that use Luclin components. But if I were putting out a bulleted list of
Luclin features, I wouldn't want to see "Tons of trade skills enhancements!".
That is something that falls more under constant development.

Lum: Any new really really high level zones like Sleepers?

Abashi: Oh, we'll have high level zones.

Lum: Is there going to be a new zone that everyone's going to die at?

Abashi (laughs) It's been kind of a tradition that the hardest zone in the
world moves to whatever zone we're doing. That tradition will continue.

Lum: And will the tradition of Furor complaining about the loot continue? (laughs)

Abashi: Somebody will no doubt complain about the loot. (laughs) One of
the thing we're focusing on item-wise. we really can't make people more
powerful. It really happened in Kunark. It made people way too powerful. It
happened again in Velious. What we're focusing on with Velious is making
new classes of items. Trying to really get into situational type stuff. Yeah this
sword makes me immensely more powerful given a foe of this type, but it does
not make me more powerful overall.

Lum: Are there any new spells going in for casters?

Abashi: We are going to do new spells for all casting classes.

Lum: Are they just enhancements, or entirely new lines of spells?

Abashi: We do have a developer that is working on new types of items, new
types of spells. Right now we can do a lot with spells. We have, I believe, a
hundred and thirty different effects that a spell can have on it. We have to kind
of focus on things that don't make the player more powerful. As much as the
player may want to be more powerful, if we make the player more powerful,
then we have to make the zones more powerful. Then we're back to the
complaints you see with Velious. I have to have forty people to do anything.

Lum: What about faction issues. Is there any possibility that due to faction
choices that players made in the old world or Kunark, that they'd have problems
in Luclin?

Abashi: No. We're going to try to keep it so that only your actions in Luclin will
affect your faction in Luclin. We could make it so that your actions in Luclin
affect your real-world faction. Like if once the teleport opens up, the Vah'Shir
form a relationship with the Kerrans back on Odus, then you might have an issue
there. But no choice you've already made should affect your faction.

Lum: I know in game there's the ingame fiction of the conflict between the
Erudites and the Kerrans. Are Erudites going to have a problem in Luclin?

Abashi: I don't want to answer that question. The reason I don't want to
answer it is that we have dynamic events planned that will explain all of that
between now and Luclin's release.







