From 1808226770064103785
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5c3020b577e35a4c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!news.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 20 Dec 2004 17:04:59 -0600
From: Khosh <test@test.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Tired of EQ2 already -- wondering if WoW has these same problems...
Date: Mon, 20 Dec 2004 15:04:59 -0800
Message-ID: <hfles0t0li8b009c7u5nha2qih3raojr0r@4ax.com>
References: <c939s0pt7lse1fkrhotl2jttrlcbs1q9ja@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 2.0/32.652
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 107
X-Trace: sv3-i9hdEj1w2bONi8a15xTobCBUE2Cuqty0np4qDUcfCbkVxoJ67b6f0777LQ/haTCCviO2Sr6y85VEyWU!e+uV7ex4R6Klef5T5iw8KKG4Pzz3G5mGo6+vzMbuXtjdGhWUpk4VpYAmxAbnAWKvhpY=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:27401

On Sat, 18 Dec 2004 20:33:52 GMT, Graham Zaretsky
<grahamz@ameritech.net> wrote:

>I like EQ2.  I really do.  Sure, unless you have a decent machine to
>run it on (I don't and can't afford to upgrade), the graphics on my
>machine is worse than CoH or EQ1 ever was -- 

WoW has much lower system requirements. It looks great on mid-level
systems. If your system chokes on EQ2 it will most likely run WoW just
fine.

>BUT the community feeling is just not there.  The quest system
>actually gives incentive to people to drop from groups early, leaving
>fellow group members without healer, tank etc.  

In WoW you can share quests with people (if they are elligible). So if
you get in a group and you are working on a quest or they are, you can
share them between you. This does wonders for keeping pick-up groups
together and giving everyone a common purpose. If you see a couple of
people standing outside of a cave or other mob area, it is common for
them to group you up and share the quest with you if they need a
little more muscle to pull it off.

>The tradeskill system gives incentive to people to not produce trade items that other
>tradeskill classes need, and instead create alts that can use them.

You are still reliant on other players for tradeskills in WoW, but so
far from what I have seen the system has more incentives to get people
to work together. Auction houses allow you to sell finished goods on
consignment (meaning you can go hunt or log off and still sell your
goods). It works just like ebay for the buyer and seller and the
"house" takes a cut which should help keep mudflation down. As an
example I need leather for some smithing recipes, but my primary
skills are mining and smithing. I can bid on or "buy now"  leather in
the auction house and then go and collect the ores and other items I
need. After a couple of hours I can sit down at the forge and anvil
and craft the weapons or armor that I want.

>Elitism and intollerance are so rampant that when I appologized to
>another group for accidentally pulling a mob that another group was
>camping (we didn't know they were camping it) I got grief fro our tank
>who proceded to drop from the group a minute later over nonsense.

Spawning in WoW seems to be based on the number of players in the
area. The more players the faster the respawns is what I have seen.
Named quest mobs spawn within 10-20 minutes from what I have seen and
if you drop them with a group, everyone gets the quest drop. This
eliminates the need to camp/kill repeatedly for all group members, and
stops most KS'ing.

>No one is recruiting to group -- I've seen groups prefer to wipe on the
>same mobs over and over again sooner than to try to invite someone
>else who's actually lfg. 

Getting groups in WoW for me has been so easy it's almost laughable. I
am terminally shy, and with the way quest sharing works and the fast
respawning of mobs players are quick to grab other people to tag along
with them.

>And the rare times that I do get a group, I
>feel like I'm treated like an npc or a pet.  I'm just a tool for
>others to achieve their personal goals, and screw me if I happen to
>need another nearby mob for my own quests.

Again quest sharing helps with this. If you need the mob, share the
quest and your groupmates will need it too. It's really one of the
best features of the game.

>Now, honestly, if I'm going to be exp grinding, the quality of the
>group tends to be far better.  But I didnt' come to EQ2 to repeat the
>same old combats over and over and over again.  Camping (as well as CH
>chains and raiding) is what burned me out on EQ1 to begin with.

Camping is generally the result of players having to kill the same
mobs over and over again to get the drops they want. This isn't the
case in WoW. Also the best exp is quest exp. You are much better off
doing quests (which results in killing level appropriate mobs that
give exp along the way), than grinding away for levels. Also the quest
results are generally better than mob drops, so you see very little
mob camping. The quests give you things to do, and the levels and exp
flow while you do them. I haven't felt the "grind" yet in WoW.

>So my question is, does WoW have similar problems? 

No game is perfect, and you will run into jerks online no matter what
you are doing. I personally feel that WoW addresses the issue you
brought up much better than EQ2. I think over time EQ2 will evolve and
solve most of the teething problems it has now. I still plan on going
back to EQ2 in the future, but right now WoW is the game I will be
playing.

>I am not a Warcraft fan at all, so if I come to Warcraft, it won't be for the
>graphics or for the world, but for a sense of community. 

It will cost you $49.99US+tax to try it out for a month. It's really
up to you.

>I don't want to spend all day with LFG up soloing -- Soloing is fine to kill time
>between groups, or when I'm home sick and don't want to inflict my
>nyquil-soaked brain on others.  But it's not really why I play these
>types of games.

Compared to EQ1 and EQ2, I have found it MUCH easier to solo or group
whenever I want in WoW. Your results may vary.

Cheers



