From -5328092248004226486
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,fa4e5ef1ca4bda43,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-28 05:19:02 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Page for Thurgadin Quest Armor Available
Date: Fri, 28 Dec 2001 08:16:01 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C2C7091.B00A2979@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 44
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:151401

Along the lines of holiday spirit, cheer, etc. I decided that after I
solved an EQ research problem I was wrestling with, that I would show a
little compassion for you ungrateful bastards and share it with you. ;-)

Having had a long effort to locate information on Thurgadin quest armor
on the web, I decided that since I had some downtime during the
holidays, I would try to be vaguely useful and put together a collection
of the quest armor information. I've set up a page with all of the info
needed for questing for Thurgadin quest armor. (Including who gives the
quests for each class, what items you need to turn in, and the
names/stats of all the armor you get for the quest.)

I've done this to not only help players get their armor, but even more
importantly, (as I point out on the web page) to know which armor to
*NOT* roll on the drops for in Kael raids. When I showed it to Tiru, she
had been rolling on all the corroded plate drops on Kael raids, but
looking at the stats, decided that all but three of the items were crap
and would be a downgrade for her. Nothing worse than having somebody win
the roll on a fairly rare drop and wind up not wanting the gear, while
somebody else who could really use it misses out on it.

So, if you and your mates are raiding Kael and looking for armor, or
will be soon, or if your'e lower level and just want to look at some
nice armor to drool over, feel free to visit this page and copy the
information that you're interested in.

http://www.servtech.com/~thegeorg/eq/thurgadin.htm

No graphics, nothing fancy, just vanilla text, so hopefully it will load
fast. I did get lazy and use a wysiwyg to make it, rather than pure
notepad html, so it's not totally clean code, but it should load ok for
you.

[Note for Ubers: Yes, I'm fully aware that all of this armor is "crap"
compared to Kael, Skyshrine, and better stuff available, but it's a nice
upgrade for some folks and not that hard to get once you can do Kael and
is a nice stopgap measure. And some of it really doesn't suck at all.]
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"We love peace, but not peace at any price. There is a peace more
destructive of the manhood of living man, than war is destructive to his
body. Chains are worse than bayonets."
- - Douglas William Jerrold


