From -8124876881656623925
X-Google-Thread: fb739,87808fb5a4ded42e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!fu-berlin.de!uni-berlin.de!individual.net!not-for-mail
From: Hagen Sienhold <durragon@web.de>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Nothing Changes, can that be fixed?
Date: Wed, 15 Dec 2004 12:19:13 +0100
Lines: 40
Message-ID: <hj6ppc.eo.ln@arellarti.fqdn.th-h.de>
References: <J_GdnYyOKLbKciPcRVn-rw@dejazzd.com>
X-Trace: individual.net Bgt1wSBKg2EVQY8Ub39CNwecSQDxwBNphUvm+YDCZmmioGd0iq
X-Orig-Path: arellarti.fqdn.th-h.de!nobody
User-Agent: tin/1.4.5-20010409 ("One More Nightmare") (UNIX) (Linux/2.6.1 (i686))
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26762

Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com> wrote:
> MMOG's in general, and I'm mostly thinking EQ1, which is the only one I 
> have personal experience with, have a problem.

> In order to give content to thousands of people at once, they can't have 
> mobs stay dead.  There's always another orc along to take the last one's 
> place, as there are thousands of people who haven't killed that orc yet. 
>   Plus, the world is simply too small to include enough orcs for even 
> one character to kill his quota of them without them being replaced.
If I understand this paragraph correctly then I fail to see where
instancing can solve this. After all everybody else still can see these
mobs alive. So the only solution I can imagine is making some mobs
unkillable. You need to have strongholds which can't possibly taken by
players. So you have a "logical" way to resupply mobs outposts. One
could even vary the strength of the mobs supplied to these outposts so
they could advance in on player territory. Though cities should be
player strongholds which must be able to successfully defend itself even
without player help. There is room for scripted events though. But if
you allow either one faction to take over the game is over!

One example mentioned in another post would be Kerafyrm. Supposed to be
unkillable it has happened though. Ulitmately every mob gets erased from
the game simply because players can do. Which will make for a consistend
but empty world a few month/years after launch.

> Problem is, this leads to a treadmill world, where nothing you do 
> matters, where nothing changes, and the only progress you make is in 
> advancing yourself.  Even then, there's no real point to doing so, 
> because nothing you do as a more powerful version of yourself is going 
> to make any difference either.
I do think the difference is in the history of the players. There is
discussion which guild defeated mob xy first and so on. One could even
improve on this concept if mobs are able to see some of these
achievements too. So they don't even start to fight one on one but run
for help to fight such players - but within limits though. Not that a
simple mob in Mistmoore entrance trains the whole zone on you when
you're flagged as Quarm killer for instance. :)


Hagen


