From -5288107298749745162
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2872c16b8b6a5292
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-30 14:03:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news0.telusplanet.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <aupup801s7k@enews1.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: Monual Gets Inside Vex Thal
Lines: 204
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <0p3Q9.80415$k13.2521374@news0.telusplanet.net>
Date: Mon, 30 Dec 2002 22:03:40 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: news0.telusplanet.net 1041285820 216.232.78.121 (Mon, 30 Dec 2002 15:03:40 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 30 Dec 2002 15:03:40 MST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:255038


"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:aupup801s7k@enews1.newsguy.com...
>
> Well, after my guild (or, more accurately, the alliance of my guild with
> another guild) finally killed Emp, suddenly the pressure went up to
collect
> all the rest of the pieces for the Vex Thal key.  I'd already acquired a
few
> pieces:

    Welcome to the timesink! Back in Luclin, this wasn't so bad because at
least you'd get XP at most of the camps. But now, it's a dreary nightmare.

> Once, after a Arch Lich kill, I was watching loot get awarded.  Always
after
> every kill, they talked about a ball of luclinite being on the corpse and
> asked who wanted it.  I finally asked what that was for and was told it
was
> for the Vex Thal key.  I sat right up and said that I was going to
> ninja-loot it.  An officer of my guild told me to go ahead, and I had the
> first part of my VT key.

    I think I ninja'ed mine off one of the Rhags. ;-)

> On our way to kill the Burrower Parasite, we slaughtered everything in our
> path.  One of the mobs dropped a lucid shard.  I rolled and lost (against
> about two dozen other people).  Another shard dropped, and again we
rolled.
> This time I got the highest roll.  The Deep shard was mine.

    On our way to the Burrower Parasite, I told the raid repeatedly to check
every corpse. They did not. So I hung behind the raid, looted the shard
they'd left to rot (and at that point we didn't know the really good camp
for them, so they were considered quite rare) and told the raid "Congrats
Delores on lucid shard left to rot! Will you start checking corpses NOW?"
They cleaned every corpse from there!

> Ssra was easy: a group of guildies got together and slaughtered skeletons
> until everyone got a shard.  No ore dropped, alas.  To this day we still
> don't have a lot of banes, but we can still take Emp pretty easily.

    And I bet all your alts have Dusty Soriz Boots and A Dusty Amulet! Did
you ever go deep in, and get the three charge item that summons stacks of
peridots? Now that's cleric loot! Pre-PoP, those mines were great XP, and
the "no healing aggro" thing was great.

> Same with Fungus Grove: we went to a part of FG I didn't even know
existed -
> caves with great big huge bug things.  We spent many hours there, and a
> couple of shards dropped.  I won the roll on one.

    Did you win any Chitinous Belts or Brown Chitin Leggings? Those are
great twink items and cash items. The one part of my VT key I regret is
ruining faction with the Shik'Nar, as I used to wander around down there
when I was non-KOS. It was such a neat place.

> Dawnshroud Peaks was incredibly easy; the third rockhopper I killed had a
> shard.

    That was a nice camp, since no matter what was up you'd get stuff
(supplies for acrylia tailoring, Twilight Seas quest pieces, the odd trinket
drop). I took one warrior with me to the deep part of the cave and laid
waste to everything we found.

> Scarlet Desert took a little longer.

    There's nice trinkets there too, like Sun Chalices and Grails of
Justice. Usually someone soloing or duoing for XP.

> Another time I got a group together and we did Acrylia Caverns.  The mobs
> were not at all difficult to kill, and the first two skullcrackers we
killed
> dropped shards.

    Acrylia is a hole. Mounds and mounds of junk XP mobs, half with some
really annoying special ability, zero loot worth looting. If it wasn't for
shards and the restless burrower the place would be empty. Even the Ring of
Fire is left empty most of the time since they "tuned" it.

> Sans Seru was difficult.  I hated the thought of destroying my faction -
one
> of the reasons I chose to play a human was that they had good faction with
> more races than anyone else.

    /chuckle. You should see the things that won't attack a dwarven cleric
of Brell. It used to be so good, we were even default non-KOS to goblins in
Sol A. People are still amazed that things like the orcs of Oasis and
madman-model mobs won't attack me.

    This also used to be a good camp, because of how much coin the guards
drop.

> That left one shard remaining - Maiden's Eye.  This is the real
bottleneck.
> The shard is common drop off of mobs that spawn rarely.  Very rarely.  I
> couldn't get much help from my guild in camping the shard - and I can
> understand why, who wants to spend hours getting no XP and no loot? - so I
> had to try to solo the placeholders.

    There is some loot. The named Gorangas drop some items, and at least one
of those items (Slighted Pauldrons) is pretty nifty. They also drop piles
and piles of acrylia for acrylia tailoring and smithing. Given the drop rate
when a full group is killing them (one per half day or so), soloing there
would have been a nightmare.

> Between shard camps and working on my smithing (243 adjusted
> now), I had gotten very little XP and I was getting jealous and irritated.

    Congrats! I'm just working up my tailoring right now. Other than one
unfortunate incident where a server crash poofed ten tailored items I needed
to sell for component cash, it's going well. What do you skill up on
nowadays, sickles?

> It was with a feeling of guilt that I combined everything
> into my Vex Thal key.  I wish I had obtained this a bit more cleanly.

    Remember how I mentioned the drop rate being close to one shard every
half day for one group clearing half the PH camps? Now take a guild with 100
people, and imagine how long some people who weren't lucky rollers had to
stay there. When I got mine I'd spent maybe 16 to 20 hours there all told,
and I was one of the lucky ones. When you win that roll over people that
have been there longer, and knowing that they'll have to be there for even
more hours, you realize there is no "cleanly".

> the guild leaders decided to
> try Vex Thal.  Our server's uber guild had already cleared most of Vex
Thal,
> but they had left a couple of boss mobs up.  We wanted to try them, just
to
> give ourselves some experience in VT.

    The bosses are hours away. Learn to love the grind.

> Eagerly I ran to Umbral Plains.  I found the entrance to VT and figured I
> could just run by the guardians and zone in.

    Use DA! Sheesh, clerics these days. You can also run along the wall to
the ledge that leads to the top of the stairs, and as you edge forward along
the ledge all the stone guardians go running down the stairs on some long
way of getting to you. Wait until they're all a bit down the stairs, then
run the rest of the way across the ledge and dash for the door. But DA is
easier.

> Sheepishly I bought some invisibility potions and
> decided to try again.  Fortunately I ran into one of our alliance's Shadow
> Knights at the zone-in to Umbral Plains, and she summoned my corpse.  I
> looted it, rezzed myself, and ran back to Vex Thal.  This time I made
myself
> invisible and zoned in.

    I would bind at the zone to ME when I went to VT, right in the corner
nearest the zone line. I saw too many people get owned on corpse runs
through ME, especially once the UP zone got a bunch of stuff trained to it.

> Made me feel all oogy inside to see the message, "You have entered Vex
> Thal."  I also saw the message that my Vex Thal key had been added to my
> keyring, so I destroyed it - I had learned from tradeskilling how valuable
> any available inventory space can be.  This met with open horror from my
> guild officers - "You really deleted it?!"

    Heh, most of the people in my guild still have theirs. Now that I have
No Drop items from Vex Thal to prove I had the key I should destroy mine,
but I just can't bring myself to do it. It took too long to just throw away.

> The zone-in to Vex Thal was disappointing - just a very big, undecorated
> stone hallway.  They began pulling mobs - which were also disappointing,
the
> same rock guys you find in Mons Letalis and Mons Seru and other such
places.
> However, I was utterly amazed at how many hitpoints they had - it took us
a
> long time to kill just one.  And these are the trash mobs of Vex Thal.

    Yup. Later on you see goos, robes, and four arms - all models you're
familiar with from elsewhere. It's not until you get inside the building and
see some of the architecture that the zone starts to look remotely good.

> After killing the trash mobs, we moved up to where I could see a smaller
> tunnel that lead out into a courtyard.  At this point the raid ground to a
> halt; we just now realized we had no rogues.  And evidently there are some
> traps ahead that we couldn't get around.

    Rogues don't help with the traps. There are doors that require a rogue
to pick, however. The very first door, into the building, isn't a pickable
lock - you need to kill Va Dyn Khar, a big rock guy, to get it. VDK will
give you some idea just how tedious some of the boss fights will be.

>  So the raid was called at that
> point; we'll try again when we have some rogues.  And really, since there
> were only 20 of us, we wouldn't have gotten far anyway - this was an
> exploratory probe more than anything else.

    You don't need to get far, if you know what you're doing. The last time
we were there, our pull team managed to pull one of the twin bosses to the
zone for us. There's a new challenge for you, Martin! ;-)

    Congrats again on your achievement. Here's hoping the zone is a
rewarding one for you!

    James





