From -8783022150280307774
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,98ab0fc09026fc01,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-11 10:08:55 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Too many classes divvying up the same functions?
Date: Thu, 11 Dec 2003 12:09:01 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <vthclnhm41bo4a@corp.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2727.1300
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 77
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11362

I wonder if the game design hasn't gotten out of class balance in this
sense, that there are now more classes than can be really all given unique
functions or combinations of functions for grouping?

Assembling a successful EQ group calls for a certain number of different
functions. The exact balance or mix depends on whether you are exp grinding,
LDoN adventuring, doing certain quests, doing the planes, what have you. But
broadly there are about these functions you look for and try to balance in
building a group:

DPS
healing
crowd control
tanking
single-pulling
mana buffage
melee buffage (includes hasting and also HP buffing)
tracking
debuffing/reducing mob's effectiveness (includes slowing)
rezzing
corpse recovery from bad death spots
evacuation
group transport (includes sowing)
miscellaneous trap-solving, curse removal, etc.

I've probably forgotten one or two things, and clearly that list is not
created equal -- the first four items might be considered the "biggies"
around which we just fill in other capabilities for a group. And some of
those capabilities are things we seek outside the group as need be (somebody
logs their cleric to come do rezzes, etc.).

But regardless of the details, the overall point is that the functions list
hasn't fundamentally changed while the list of classes has grown. This leads
to things like giving monks lull because monks have come to be seen as just
a DPS class and groups now have plenty of other ways to get comparable DPS.
Or giving druids and shamans virtual CHeal. And other examples. All sour
grapes aside, this is in fact a gradual steady movement towards the day when
all classes are more or less the same in practice. Like they already are for
the first 10 levels.

The game designers have to stay atop of class balance and I am overall very
impressed with their efforts in that regard. But they need a new tool or
else we will one day realize that a rogue and an enchanter have become
basically the same class with different gear. The new melee system incoming
creates a new flavor of DPS (melee burst), but its still the DPS function
for groups.

Maybe what the game needs is some true new function that groups strongly
want -- then a class or two whose uniqueness has been seriously eroded (like
monks) could be made into the best sources of that function.

I dunno what this imaginary function is. Perhaps there are ideas that I've
just not come across. I thought of summoning mobs (meaning not creating one
fresh but summoning mobs like they sometimes summon us, involuntary
transport to the caster's clutches). But I guess really that's just another
way to pull so it doesn't actually add a new function for groups to want.

Er....flying, maybe? So what would be the need for that capability....well I
guess, airborne mobs! Hmm, that's got all sorts of balance implications
doesn't it, and software ones too....How about tradeskilling-in-the-field,
that is, groups benefitting strongly from somebody being able to smith or
sew or something at a place or under a time limit that the group comes up
against as part of adventures? and/or in non-LDoN zones while under pressure
from impending repops? The group has fought its way to the magical
fountain...."you gotta get that potion made, we're all LOM and the next wave
pops in about 3 minutes!!!" "Working on it...."

Ah, there are probably better ideas. Anyway it feels to me like EQ needs
_something_ new along that particular axis of the game design.


--
=====
Baron Haabbes Ticklemaabbes, 61 vah shir Beastlord,
Saryrn server.    paulbotts(at)sbcglobal.netnospam




