From 4865540538087718966
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3c1de8bb453a962
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-21 09:41:46 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Best server for a 'new' player?
Date: Wed, 21 Nov 2001 12:40:03 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3BFBE6F3.83F8FF65@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <B3RK7.3273$AQ3.463072@news6-win.server.ntlworld.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 77
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:137441

Stakker wrote:
> 
> Hiyas
> 
> Probably a stupid question, but thought I'd ask it. I played EQ for nearly 2
> years from its original release and after an extended break I've decided to
> start again from scratch as I gave my old account to a friend. I've decided
> against playing on my 'old' server (Tunare) as most of the people I knew are
> long gone so it'd be kinda wierd.
> 
> Soooo to get to the point, would any of the servers be better suited to a
> 'new' player? My reason for asking is that I remember a few servers had
> problems being over run by uber guilds or grief guilds, and just wanted a
> friendly server that will - hopefully - have a decent number of low level
> players to grow up with? I'm also guessing that the recent release of DAoC
> (which I found a little bland) will have poached a lot of players and whilst
> I don't want to be on a crowded server - I wouldn't want to be on an empty
> one either. ;)
> 
> Anyhows thanks for reading and any suggestions you can give me :)

Were you on a blue server or a PVP? That would make a difference in
answering your question. But to cover your points in order...
I don't think there's going to be a single blue server that doesn't have
uberguilds by now except Antonious Bayle (The brand new server for the
European folks) and because they allowed /movelogs, I would guess that
there will be at least one uberguild on there within three hours of them
opening up the command to make guilds again. (I understand there are
currently none.) But it doesn't seem that uberguilds really cause a
problem for anyone until you get your "new" charater up into the
fifties, and then only if you're in a small guild and getting shut out,
etc. by an uberguild. By the time you manage that, today's conditions
won't apply anyway, so I don't think that should influence your
decision.

Second, if you're looking for a server with a lot of "real" low level
players, I think you're either looking at the newest pvp server, or the
new roleplaying server Firiona Vie. However, reports here about FV would
indicate that you might find it nearly empty, and the ruleset is very
different from the other servers so you might not like it as much as the
old EQ you knew and (presumably) loved. I think all the servers will
have some small percentage of real newbies starting out, but mostly
twinked alts and high levels. I'd say just pick one, really, if you want
a non-PVP server. If it really sucks, you can start over on a new one
quickly enough.

Last, I wouldn't worry about any of the regular servers being "empty".
Contrary to what the DAoC fan boys who keep parading through here keep
crowing, EQ playerbase is still *growing*, not shrinking, at least
according to Sony/VI (so take that with a grain of salt.) Our guild had
roughly a dozen members "leave" (read here: go inactive but not cancel
their account) when DAoC came out. So far, one of them has written to
say that he cancelled his account and is playing DAoC full time. Several
have quit DAoC entirely already and are back playing their mains with
us, and a few are back playing EQ "part time" and still messing around
with DAoC a bit too. And with the new Luclin release coming out shortly,
and Christmas coming up, there will likely be another huge influx of new
players to EQ. You should have plenty of company. That should also help
with your desire to have other true "new" people to grow up with. Again,
probably not server dependant.

If you happen to pick Xev (still not one of the most crowded servers,
from the "by server pop" view most of the time) look me up. I might at
least be able to introduce you to a couple nice low level guilds and see
what I've  got collecting dust in the bank vault to help ya get started
again.
Jakugg
or 
Uxivar
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"Look, strange women lying on their backs in ponds handing out swords
... that's no basis for a system of government! Supreme executive power
derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic
ceremony! "
Monty Python and the Holy Grail (1974)


