From 4626270656614178384
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6fdb6917325ba219
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-13 22:31:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news.ems.psu.edu!news.cis.ohio-state.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newshub2.home.com!news.home.com!news1.mntp1.il.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Scott T. Jensen" <stj@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <Lj227.22537$MO1.3120492@news0.telusplanet.net>
Subject: Re: + wis items for a Cleric?
Lines: 183
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Message-ID: <MOQ37.137600$mG4.66680898@news1.mntp1.il.home.com>
Date: Sat, 14 Jul 2001 05:31:24 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.183.2.29
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.mntp1.il.home.com 995088684 24.183.2.29 (Fri, 13 Jul 2001 22:31:24 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 13 Jul 2001 22:31:24 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:95316

"Wylbur" wrote:
> Hi everyone ... as I work my way through
> level 22 in High Hold Keep, I would
> like to start focusing my buying efforts
> on + wis items (wouldn't mind getting them
> the old fashioned way either from hunting
> them down so feel free to point me in the
> right direction on that front as well).

Right now, my 26 lvl Halfling cleric is taking a break from being every
group's mana sponge and gone off hunting for WIS gear.  He started this
questing at 23rd level.  It has been a very enjoyable break from groups.  I
still group but it is only until I get the WIS item I'm there for and then I
move on.   The following is my complete gear, how I got them, and what I'm
looking to get.  Hopefully this will be of help to you.

Ears: Electrum Jasper Earrings (2), +2 WIS
Got these as a gift from an enchanter that I helped hunt down spiderlings
and spiders for spider silk in Misty Thicket when I was around 5th level.
Goal: Replace these with Forest Loops (see thread "Forest Loop hunting").
Since these weren't made by the enchanter that gave them (she got them from
another enchanter), I'm now looking to trade up to Forest Loops.

Face: Velium Ruby Veil, +8 STR, +8 WIS
Got this as a gift from 57th enchanter that I had a very enjoyable
conversation with outside the west gate of Freeport.  This happened just
recently.  We're talking yesterday!  :-)
Goal: Can't think of anything better and since it was made by a nice player
and given as a gift, I'll be very reluctant to ever trade up to something
better ... saying there is something better.  I personally treasure items
made by other players.  They mean more to me and they're associated with my
memory of them ... like nice reminders of nice people.  :-)

Head: Savant's Cap, +2 AC, +3 WIS, + 3 INT
Got it when grouping in Unrest.  No lottery win.  Group insisted I take it
since I didn't even have a hat at the time.  One thing nice about being a
cleric is that you can easily be the lowest member of the group and still be
an asset and wanted.  This enables you to go after items that are quite a
bit higher than you, but limits those items to ones that groups would take
on and not solo player camping.
Goal: Working on other slots for now.  Haven't really investigated this slot
further than this.

Left Ring: Platinum Jasper Ring, +6 WIS
Another gift from the 57th lvl enchanter talked about above.
Goal: Same as the one for Velium Ruby Veil.

Wrists: Ivory Bracelets (2), +3 AGI, +20 MANA
Got these when grouping in I believe Solusek's Eye.
Goal: Was to be Chipped Bone Bracelets (+4 AC, +5 WIS) but even though some
EQ websites say this is a 30th level mob which drops it in West Karana, it
was anything but.  Grouped with a 44th lvl Ranger and 39th level Shaman and
it was quite a fight to take the thing down.  Used up all my mana keeping
the two alive.  I'll visit this camp when I'm at least 30th, if not higher.

Arms: Platinum Armbands, +3 STR, + 3 WIS
Hunted in Solusek's Eye for these for over a week.  Was in one group that
finally took down the Reckless Efreeti, but it didn't drop the item.  A
couple days later, a high-level enchanter who knew why I was there came up
and gave them to me as a gift.
Goal: Working on other slots for now.  Haven't really investigated this slot
further than this.

Hands:
SOLOING: Gauntlets of the Ardent, +12 AC, +5 AGI, +5 vs. Cold
Part of the cleric armor quest.  Got this at 14th level.  Died lots of times
getting all the quest items.  Whole party died one of those times.  Again,
it is good to be a cleric since you can be an asset and still be the lowest
member of a group.
GROUPING: Split Paw Hide Gloves, +4 AC, +3 DEX, +2 WIS
While seeking an enchanter in Solusek's Eye to enchant a bar of plat for the
above gauntlets, I had a very nice conversation with a high-level cleric who
in the end gave me these as a gift.  Started off on funny note as I buffed
her when she showed up.  All my buffs took.  We chatted for quite a while
until she informed me that she was also a cleric.  She as ANON at the time.
Goal: Working on other slots for now.  Haven't really investigated this slot
further than this.

Right Ring: Obsidian Ring, +3 AC, +3 DEX, +10 HP
Got this in Solusek's Eye in a group.  No random as everyone else had better
and group was running on the rule that if you can use it, you get it.  If no
one will use it, raffle it.  It was better than what I had so I got it.
Goal: I dream of another Platinum Jasper Ring.  :-)

Shoulders: Lizardscale Mantle, +5 AC, +3 WIS, +3 INT
Got this when ineffectively trying to heal a uber-high character while he
was being mobbed by practically the entire zone of Oasis.  We're talking all
four specters off the island, two sand giants, and every orc within sight.
He had pulled the specs off the island as the sand giants spawned behind him
and a low-level group was running for their lives with a 15+ train of orcs
behind them and when the orcs ran across him, they attacked him instead of
continuing after the group.  It was amazing.  Everyone ran but me.  I
thought a mere death would be worth the witnessing of this battle.  My Light
Healing spell (the highest I had at the time) didn't even budge his life
bar.  I blew my entire mana bar trying to heal him up.  I thought lagging
was preventing me from seeing his life bar from moving.  He survived with a
fourth of a red bubble left.  Nope, he was just so high above me, my meager
heals didn't really matter.  However, he thought my intentions were noble
and rewarded me with the above item, a weapon I used for four levels, and
100 pp.
Goal: Item has sentimental value to me.  I'll work on other slots before
looking into replacing this one.

Chest: Dwarven Ringmail Tunic, +12 AC, +8 vs. Fire, Cold, and Magic
Got as a gift from a real life friend.
Goal: Bloodstained Tunic (+13 AC, +4 AGI, +4 WIS).  It's in Unrest and I
plan to go back there next to get this.

Back: Small Leather Cloak, +4 AC
Got as a gift from a real life friend.
Goal: Was either Molten Cloak (+4 AC, +4 WIS, +4 INT) or Mammoth Hide Cloak
(+7 AC, +4 WIS, +5 vs. Cold).  Unfortunately, no group I was part of in
Solusek's Eye would go after the gnome and when I learned you get a major
faction hit with a number of gnome factions, I didn't want to either.  The
mobs in Permafrost were just too much for my little 26 lvl cleric to get the
Mammoth Hide Cloak.
Goal: When I hit 30th level, I plan to go back to Permafrost for Mammoth
Hide Cloak ... unless I can get an Imbued Dwarven Splinted Cloak (+11 AC, +4
WIS, +3 vs. Fire) from a player craftperson.  Not holding breath for Dwarven
cloak though.

Waist: Straw Spun Belt, +10 AC
Got as a gift from a real life friend.
Goal: Reed Belt (+6 AC, +5 WIS, +10 HP) from Bilge Fartfathum in Dagnor
Cauldron.  Right outside Unrest thus on my list of next things I'll try and
get.

Legs: Mammoth Hide Leggings, +6 AC, +3 STA, +5 vs. Cold
Got from a high-level Ranger that was farming the room where also the
Mammoth Hide Cloak (see above) dropped.  The mob that drops both drops the
Leggings far more frequently and she was there for just the cloak.  After a
nice conversation, she gave them as a gift.  I feel lucky as I tried to
fight lower-powered mobs than the sought-after mob and learned I wasn't
ready to solo that room.  She watched over as I tried and stepped in when I
couldn't handle it.  I know many people hate farmers, but in this case I'm
glad she was there.
Goal: Gatorscale Leggings (+7 AC, +4 WIS, +15 HP).  Went in and saw the
gator placeholders were yellow and red to me.  I'll wait until I'm 30th
level and come back.

Feet: Acolyte's Anklet,  +3 AC, +3 CHA, +2 WIS, +2 AGI
My first big quest item.  Unfortunately, you have to be a small race to wear
this ... I think.  Fun quest ... except for the part that's in the Ogre
territory.  Ogre bouncers kept killing me.  After three deaths, I asked a
friend who had an Ogre character to get the last part of the quest.  Great
item.  Doesn't cover up my little hairy feet.  :-)
Goal: Working on other slots.  Haven't investigated this slot any further.

Primary Melee: Scepter of Flame, 1H Blunt, Delay 29, Dmg 7, +15 MANA, +5 vs.
Fire and Magic
Got it in a /random in Solusek's Eye.  Rare drop off of the goblin king.
Goal: Working on other slots.  Haven't investigated this slot any further.

Secondary Melee:
SOLOING: Charred Guardian Shield, +10 AC, +9 AC
Got from same enchanter as I got Platinum Armband.  See above.
GROUPING: Testament of Vaneer, +10 WIS, +10 MANA
Quest item.  The "full" quest starts in Erudin, but I took the abbreviated
version.  See EQ fan websites for how to do it the short way.  Long but
enjoyable quest.  Camping the High Pass spot took a couple days but it was
well worth it.
Goal: Working on other slots.  No further investigations done into this one.

Ranged: Nothing.
Goal: Clay Wisdom Deity.  A real life friend is starting up an enchanter and
I've given him all the sketches and a ton of clay to level up to be able to
make this one.

Ammo: Nothing.
Goal: Never seen anything clerics can put into this one.

Hope the above helped.  Anyone that would like to make recommendations for
me, I'm all ears.  :-)

Scott Jensen
--
Like to help advance science?
Volunteer your computer for folding-protein research for when it's idle.
Go to http://foldingathome.stanford.edu/ to sign up your computer.






