From 5660101393177105004
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,efd275933cdd7df8
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-02-28 13:47:57 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!xmission!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <b3o7ia012kl@enews1.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: Monual is an ungrateful little wretch
Lines: 151
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <gOQ7a.111$p85.43343@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Fri, 28 Feb 2003 21:47:56 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 1046468876 216.232.78.121 (Fri, 28 Feb 2003 14:47:56 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 28 Feb 2003 14:47:56 MST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:268316


"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:b3o7ia012kl@enews1.newsguy.com...
>
> Dangit, I'm not getting any loot!  =(

    Compared to who? That, for me, is the only meaningful metric. Are you
getting less than other clerics in your guild? Less than other casters in
your guild? Over what time frame have you been getting "less"? Depending on
what the guild is doing, you may get less drops to distribute overall, and
you have to accept that. During SoL, the guideline I used was one drop per
month before I started checking the roster. And when I checked the roster,
as long as I was doing as well as the other clerics I was happy.

> And in all that clearing, with all those drops

    So what, 30 drops? 35? And HOW many people were there? Do the math. ;-)

> I'm a bit judicious in what I go in on - I want to upgrade my Heraldic
armor
> pieces, not replace my uber cloak with a slightly more uber cloak.  And
> while some items would be nice for me, I recognize that they would be even
> nicer for a melee type, so I don't go in on them.

    Those are excellent looting guidelines, ones I use myself. I also only
go for the big upgrades, not the 20 HP and 5 points of resists sorts of
upgrades. There's always someone that can use those more than you can, and
you also save up more "loot karma" that way (or points if you're on DKPs).
When I see something that is a mild upgrade, I'll send a tell like this:
"Tell for X, I currently have Y, if anyone else asks for X I pass." So you
can score rots without having to roll for them, but you don't get "charged"
for getting the item.

> And then we got to Aten Ha Ra.  In the
> dozen times we've killed her, she has yet to drop a Platemail of
Judgement.

    That's likely because she doesn't drop a Platemail of Judgement. ;-) But
let's assume the Aten priest BP did drop. You're at FT 12, and the Aten BP
has FT 7 on it. Would you still put your name in for it, knowing that other
guildmates may not be anywhere near FT cap? Or would you save that loot
karma/points for something that would really help you, like an upgraded
mask? It might be time for you to start looking at all the drops off the
mobs your guild kills, and plan out exactly what you think would be a
meaningful upgrade for yourself.

> This is getting tiresome.  I haven't won a drop in six weeks, and that was
a
> "minor uprade" thing - I replaced my neck piece with a slightly better
neck
> piece with a focus effect that reduced mana use on buffs.

    What was your previous neckpiece that had 125 MANA and 10 all saves? Or
does your definition of "slightly" differ from mine? ;-)

> I never realized the lure loot had on me until very recently.  I never
> realized how much I depended on getting nice upgrades.

    You want to improve yourself, and you don't want to feel used by the
guild. Nothing wrong with that. But like I said above, make sure that you
have some basis for your complaints. When I recently asked a guild officer
about loot, I was able to point out to him that I had received less than
half the PoP drops of the other clerics with the same time as myself. I also
pointed out it may be because I get passed over when I have a better item
than another cleric, since pre-PoP I was one of the best equipped clerics in
the guild. The officer agreed, mentioned a few other mitigating factors
(guild trying to get warriors in full elemental plate first, and many of my
upgrade slots are visible slots), and since then things have been much
better. Had I gone to him ranting and screaming like another guildmate did
that "ur screwing me over!!", nothing would have happened except drama.

> And also, soon after I
> joined, I got a Shield of Ssraeshza, which is arguably *the* best cleric
> shield in the game.  That was awesome.  Since then, here's what I've
gotten:
>
> Ring of Living Ore - Not bad, an FT II ring with stats.
>
> Mace of Confusion - A clear mistake on my part, since it has stats equal
to
> that of my epic, without the right-click rez.  Since getting it, I have
yet
> to use it.  The only reason I don't delete is that I'm too ashamed to do
so.
>
> Bracer of the Silent Star - Bracer with Extended Range IV, replaced the
> Extended Range III bracer I got from KC.  Decent stats, too.
>
> Darkened Claw Amulet - What I talked about above, replacing a Black Runed
> Talisman and adding a mana savings on buffs.

    So, just to be certain: your Temariel Vex, Ring of the Shissar, Hammer
of the Ironforge, and Shroud of Emerald Vines all came before you joined?
And over what time frame did you get these items?

> But then he mentioned that he
> would using it to upgrade his Eighth Shawl.  I couldn't help feeling
> frustrated - here he was upgrading an ultra-uber item with another
> ultra-uber item, and I was still stuck with my Herladic shoulders.

    In any officer award system, awarding upgrades to items that are already
good creates tension. We had a big to-do when we awarded the Ssra shield
with right-click Rune to a mage that already had the FT 6 Tunare shield. One
thing you learn very early on is that you cannot predict or tell people what
should be a priority to them.

> When I didn't win that Shawl of Awakenings, I was surprised by the depth
of
> my frustration.  It was a feeling that persisted far longer than I would
> have thought possible.  When Aten Ha Ra died and dropped nothing that was
> practical for me to go in on, I felt an echo of that frustration - where's
> *my* uber loot?

    Topmost-end loot also has a certain appeal beyond utility. It's the
"they must really value me to give me this" factor. I know my guild was
thinking of tracking who had received a god loot (so Emperor, then Aten,
then elemental gods) to see that everyone felt just as appreciated, but it
fell through when it became apparent it would just be another thing for
people to bitch about.

> Has anyone else ever had this feeling - the feeling that you're not
getting
> enough loot?

    Yup.

> How have you dealt with it?

    I checked to see if I was right. When I wasn't, I mentally smacked
myself and got on with killing shit. When I was, and it's only the once, I
quietly approached an officer and a friend and asked him if I should read
anything into it. He looked into it, and things are better. You might be
surprised, but I've flown off the handle many more times when I feel loot is
being awarded to the wrong class or squandered than when I get passed over.
I get angrier seeing others get hosed than myself, since with myself I can
always say "it'll get better".

> For reference, here's my magelo:
>
> http://www.magelo.com/eq_view_profile.html?num=45043

    And for reference, here's mine:

    http://www.magelo.com/eq_view_profile.html?num=131561

    No matter how much you have, it's always important.

    James





