From 2844831310967555521
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3dfd443a392ea55b,start
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,3dfd443a392ea55b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid100ff8,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-08!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg
Subject: EQ2: Upcoming class changes to enhance Individuality
Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2004 21:56:33 -0700
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10nbrqi62b78qb8@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 159
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:19881 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:19781

Posted tonight on the beta forums:
----------------------------------------------

Since character individualization in EverQuest II has been a hot topic 
following the lifting of the NDA, we thought it would be a good idea to 
share our plan for the all-new features that are going live in the next few 
weeks to give a greater sense of uniqueness to players. We'll be releasing 
more details each day, beginning with the character traits list tomorrow 
afternoon.

First, let's talk about what's changing from its current state.

We're releasing the final class spells and arts lists. These move away from 
the standard archetype spells and arts we've been using for balance testing 
and give players access to their class-specific spell selections. The spells 
and arts you'll see in the next few updates include new effects, 
class-specific strengths and flavor, and final names.

These spell changes are taking place across the board and will greatly 
refine class differences from what they are today. We've completed the 
balancing necessary to give a solid role to each class and now we're excited 
to release the new spell and art lists.

To illustrate how these changes work, we'll use the Mage -> Sorcerer -> 
Wizard progression as an example.

Unlike how it was in the previous spell lists, once you turn level 10 you 
stop being just a mage. As you choose your path and complete your quest, 
from that point forward you are a sorcerer. There are no new mage spells 
after level 10. Each class will be branch off into entirely class-specific 
spells.

Once you turn level 20 and choose the path of a wizard, you are no longer a 
sorcerer. As before, there are no new sorcerer spells after level 20. You 
will be gaining wizard subclass spells from there forward.

In other words, there is no longer any such thing as a "level 44 mage 
spell," because a high-level wizard should never think of himself or herself 
as a level 44 mage in EverQuest II.

You will still be able to do a number of the same things to keep being 
useful in your key roles, but with unique and interesting differences that 
are suitable to each of the classes and subclasses that branch out from the 
common base.

For example, all priests will continue to receive instant heals, but other 
heal types will be restricted based on class. Only shamans will get wards, 
only druids will get regens, and only clerics will get reactive heals.

Classes will also receive a greater assortment of unique spells and arts. 
These are additional abilities that will likely be purchased off vendors. 
For example, illusionists will be able to cast racial illusions.

Full spell and art lists for each class will be released in the next few 
days.

Next, we'd like to outline some brand new features going live in the coming 
days and weeks. These systems add a tremendous amount of customization to 
each character and should help you create the unique persona you'll want to 
play in EverQuest II.

New Feature - Training Specialized Abilities

. As you develop your character, you'll be able to specialize in major 
aspects of your profession. About every ten levels, you can choose to focus 
on one of your core abilities and receive advanced training to improve it.

. For example, a priest could train and receive either a stronger heal, a 
more potent buff, or a higher-damage nuke. This ability would be of much 
greater potency than the typical granted spell and may be upgraded even more 
through adventuring.

. Each profession gets similar choices that play to their strengths - 
fighters may choose between offensive and defensive enhancements, or mages 
may focus on improving a damage spell, a pet, or a stun spell as appropriate 
to their profession.

New Feature - Character Traits

. Character traits allow you to choose an aspect of your character and 
improve upon it. Traits are independent of your character's race or 
profession, and all characters have access to the full list.

. By the time they've reached level 50, every character will gain access to 
seven traits that help tailor their character to their preferred play style.
. For example, a given character might choose to become Clever, thereby 
increasing their intelligence. Another character might choose to become 
Nimble, thereby increasing their base agility.

. Traits can improve your character in a variety of areas, such as 
increasing your statistics, giving more health or power, improving your 
health or power regeneration speed, and making your more resistant to magic, 
disease, or different types of melee damage.

. Traits are generally permanent effects that continuously improve your 
character during play. Once you've selected a trait, you'll enjoy its 
benefits permanently.

New Feature - Racial Traditions

. As players learn the background and lore of their chosen race, they begin 
to unlock certain bonuses. This starts with race-specific titles and leads 
to a choice of racial abilities.

. By the time they've reached level 50, every character will gain access to 
four racial traditions to help tailor their character to their preferred 
play style and distinguish themselves from other members of their race.

. For instance, an iksar could choose from enhanced health regeneration, 
increased power regeneration, or increased armor class. A ratonga may learn 
to forage for food or improve his ability to dodge blows. Erudites may learn 
to summon a magical wisp, guard themselves with a magic-resistant shield, or 
improve their alchemist crafting abilities.

. Racial traditions take many forms, but are generally activated abilities 
that can be used on demand to greatly improve your character for a short 
period of time.

. Some traditions give bonuses similar to traits, but with much more 
powerful effects.

. Full racial tradition lists will be released for every race in the next 
few days.

New Feature - Enemy Mastery

. During your adventuring career, you'll be able to learn about the 
creatures and monsters you're fighting and use that knowledge to your 
advantage.

. Every few levels, players may choose from a selection of enemies and 
undertake a quest to learn how to exploit their weaknesses. The successful 
completion of this quest results in an enhanced attack against that type of 
enemy.

. By the time they've reached level 50, every character will gain access to 
six enemy masteries to help tailor their character to their preferred play 
style.

Summary

These new kinds of choices allow for greater individualization without 
creating major imbalances between subclasses. One dwarf templar can have 
different stats and abilities than another dwarf templar while retaining the 
core abilities that they need to be successful in their key roles. 
Approximately every two levels players will receive an additional choice 
that allows another degree of individualization.
We plan to have the first round of these features showing up in next week's 
scheduled update (week of 10/25/04) with additional features arriving the 
week after. We look forward to hearing what you think of these upcoming 
changes.

Message Edited by Moorgard on 10-19-2004 07:50 PM
============================
Moorgard
EQII Community Guy





