From 9184865764707407740
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cee65eb2190d50af
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-09-16 12:36:09 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F67660E.89E0BF90@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Master Looters
References: <3f675c0f_2@corp.newsgroups.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 68
Date: Tue, 16 Sep 2003 19:43:38 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.149
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1063741418 66.109.254.149 (Tue, 16 Sep 2003 15:43:38 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 16 Sep 2003 15:43:38 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:300534



Anon Ymous wrote:

> In both the LDoN adventures I have done, someone always "offers" to be the
> master looter (ML).  I frankly hate that system, especially when grouped
> with people you don't know (non-guild).  I have always preferred to alpha
> loot and roll on various augment drops, NO DROPS for certain classes,etc.
>
> I know  - sometimes you get screwed. Such is luck. And sometimes, the
> puller, if they can do the alphabet, can pull 5 suckers for the rest of the
> party, then pull the named behemoth in the corner for himself....but in my
> experience you always get screwed with the ML system. I'd bet my left arm
> that the ML makes out better than anyone else. No one can keep track of all
> the little stuff they pick up. It's a charity system - and the ML keeps his
> cut plus overhead.
>
> One guy said it was in the interest of time. I suppose, but seriously 50+
> characters ought to know when their name (alpha) comes up. Hell, I usually
> announce it toward end of fights for the attention deficit in the group.
> (e.g. "Loot Bren, then Humm, then Julip")
>
> Of course people cheat that system too. Three mobs died in the battle and
> although they should loot the first one that fell, they take the last one
> cause it looks tastier.
>
> No good system I guess with little, dishonorable twerps in the split. LOL.
>
> Any ideas that really work and defeat the skunks who overloot, pre-loot,
> Master Loot (wow, what a favor), pull-loot, etc...

ML is the superior system for adults, particularly those who know and trust
each other.  It sucks when you have no idea who that ML is, of course.  But
when it works well, its the fastest, simplest, and fairest system in the game;
someone who doesn't need to sit down at all, nor be off pulling, loots every
body, splits desirable stuff at the end, sells off the junk and splits that
loot out with the /split command, nothing could be simpler.   Rogues are best
for this job, they fit the description perfectly plus if they are ML they can
practice pickpocket all they like, because all the loot is ending up in their
bags anyway.  This means there is no more reason to suspect them of stealing
from the group than with any other class doing ML, a marked improvement; if
they aren't ML there's always a slight cloud of suspicion trailing around after
them.

Without ML, Alpha works pretty well, but for speed and clarity its important
that someone call the loot order continuously, and keep track of it.  Remember,
you've already decided that nobody in the group can be trusted to ML, thus you
have to assume that everyone is an idiot and needs "Bren you are next".  I know
I do, I really don't keep track of loot much, and without being told to loot,
I'll sit thru three or four cycles at a time.  If I'm ML, that means I write
down my starting cash, move my junk around to create as many empty bags ordered
from top left as I can, and loot everything, no need to keep track of
anything.  If its FFA loot, I loot sometimes, when I do it tends to be a lot of
mobs.  But FFA probably sucks more than any other system; it favors
ninjalooters and classes that don't have anything important to do during down
time, or it costs the group mana where the caster/healer looters could have
been looting.  Alpha does this too, but to a lesser extent, you know when its
your turn to loot, stand, loot up, sit, no chasing around playing "is this body
taken"

I do wish that the game would tell you who is looting cash, who is looting with
split off, that sort of thing.  Empty bodies are the devil, and looting a piece
of junk loot off a body makes it look like you are doing the looting in a FFA
environment, even when the bodies have been previously stripped of their cash,
which in many zones is the bulk of the value of the bodies.

Bergh



