From 1786842694921877160
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e71489bac62f1f44,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!g12g2000prg.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From:  "herwia@gmail.com" <herwia@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Camping Around Orangutans Via Lombok Island -- NEW
Date: Tue, 17 Jul 2007 06:46:51 -0000
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 184
Message-ID: <1184654811.194973.49230@g12g2000prg.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 222.124.36.125
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: quoted-printable
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1184654811 30312 127.0.0.1 (17 Jul 2007 06:46:51 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 17 Jul 2007 06:46:51 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/1.0
X-HTTP-UserAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-GB; rv:1.8.1.4) Gecko/20070515 Firefox/2.0.0.4,gzip(gfe),gzip(gfe)
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: g12g2000prg.googlegroups.com; posting-host=222.124.36.125;
   posting-account=ps2QrAMAAAA6_jCuRt2JEIpn5Otqf_w0
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11638

Dear All Friends Worldwide,

Thank you very much for your time to read this short idea.
God bless you...
CAMPING AROUND ORANGUTANS VIA LOMBOK ISLAND ADVENTURE
Regret, we mean not sleep together with the Orangutans but, Imagine
you do camping in the deep of jungle where vary of colorful tropical
plantations covered you added with various of tropical fauna welcome
you with their funny ways, and the ultimate of Orangutans surround you
with all of their attractions shown to you in great greenery scents of
deep jungle with their pristine air that will lust us to keep striving
on getting nature life that contain more happiness than pretending.
Here, you will get your deep special feeling; might be as God mind in
the middle of his creation and you will get your unforgettable of
experiences ever. Being on this area, you will know more about your
self and promise you finding better way of life for future.

Moreover, before arrive in Orangutans area you will tread by great
ultimate heritage of Lombok Island nature and unique culture that will
add your great time of adventure vacation of your dream. You will glad
what you did.

Our local staff will full guide you in 24 hours for your addition of
getting fun, safe, find great exception and unforgettable experiences
of your traveling, adventure or vacation dreams. Our expert tour guide
will also show you the other item that you never seen before as one of
your ultimate wealth in your life that could be as your best capital
for you and your next generations regarding what is better life's
way.

Summer time is your best time to see these all exception with no hard
adventure will be found if you want to experience more adventure
challenges, in Rain season is your best choice. This adventures could
leave weekly from Lombok Island.

Once you did, you will be glad to do it again next time, especially if
you do together with your families and relations

Detail recommended itinerary is as follow:

LOMBOK- YOGYAKARTA (BOROBUDUR TEMPLE) - CAMPING AROUND ORANGUTANS
SAFARI ADVENTURE-JAKARTA
10 Days / 9 Nights

Day 01: Arrival Lombok - Hotel (Senggigi Resort Area)
Arrival at Selaparang Airport of Mataram Lombok, meeting service and
transferred to your hotel at Senggigi resort area (Hotel recommended:
Senggigi Beach Hotel****) or similar.
Welcome dinner with us at local restaurant for Lombok Culinary. Take a
rest at your hotel.
Day 02 : Gili Trawangan Tour (B.L.D)
Morning breakfast at your hotel, get on board and leave for Gili
Trawangan tour by our private motorized wooden boat to Gili Trawangan
one of your Lombok Island best sites to visit, where here you will
enjoy the marine wild snorkeling to explore the amazing under water
life's with its colorful of corals reef and covered by over than 200
kind of fishes. Here, the gorgeous scenery will support your amazing
of adventure time in Lombok Island. Luncheon at local restaurant on
Gili Trawangan, before dark back to hotel.
Day 03: Hotel - Senaru - Hati Suci Home Stay Sapit (B.L.D)
Morning breakfast, check out hotel and drive to Senaru to see great
Rinjani mountain slope famous called with the place of green scents of
your dreams, proceed to do the soft trekking to the gorgeous greenery
with waterfall as background. Luncheon will be served at Senaru Local
restaurant surrounding by amazing greenery scenery of Rinjani
Mountain. Before dark time, drive to Sapit eastern part of Rinjani
mountain slope where the Hati Suci Home Stay is waiting for your great
nature lodge to stay. Check in the home stay and continued with
special dinner with menu a la Mama.
Day 04: Short Sapit Adventure (B.L.D)
After breakfast with A la Mama Menu, adventuring the great rice field,
soft trekking the small canyon where here you will see also the gray
and black monkey of Lombok Island, meeting with villager and take
swimming in the natural mountain river where the waters spread from
the stones gap and covered by the gorgeous scenery of Rinjani National
Park volcano. Picked up by our private car and Luncheon at home stay.
Free at leisure at hotel and having other dinner a la Mama.
Day 05: Sapit - Airport - Yogyakarta - Hotel (B.L.D)
Morning breakfast, check out hotel and transferred to Selaparang
Airport of Mataram to fly to Yogyakarta. Upon arrival at Yogyakarta
you will be picked up by our local staff and transferred to Mutiara
Hotel (or similar) located in Malioboro as the heart of Yogyakarta
City. Luncheon will be on the route (Options) and dinner will be at
Malioboro local restaurant for Yogyakarta culinary. Overnight.
Day 06: Yogyakarta - Borobudur Temple - Semarang Airport - Pangkalan
Bun - Tanjung Harapan Orangutan Rehabilitation Centre. (B.L.D)
Early breakfast at hotel, check out and transferred to Semarang
airport with stop over at Borobudur Temple you one of famous heritage
destination in the world. Then proceed to Semarang Airport, fly to
Pangkalan Bun, meet with our local staff and drive to Kumai Town (mini
hinterland), get on board and cruise to Tanjung Harapan the place of
Orangutan Rehabilitation centre. Overnight will be on board, Luncheon
and dinner will be served on Kelotok (a motorized wooden boat)
Day 07: Tanjung Harapan Park - Camp Leakey - Boat (B.L.D)
Morning breakfast on board; then from Tanjung Harapan cruise the river
by Kelotok for about 2=BD hours to Camp Leakey, where the older
Orangutans are reintroduced into the rain forest, and also known as
research center for Orangutan. Soft trekking around Camp Leakey and
then back to the boat for lunch then back to Camp Leakey forest to see
orangutans feeding, and back to the boat, proceed down to Pondok
Tanggui, on the way back to Pondok Tanggui you will see the Proboscis
Monkeys a long the Seikonyer river. Dinner and overnight on board.
Day 08: Pondok Tanggui - Jungle Trekking - Pesalat Re-plantation Camp
(B.L.D)
Morning breakfast on board, commence the full day trekking where you
will passing the national park with vary of tropical flora and fauna
and if you are lucky you will see the wild of orangutan and other
animal such as Sun bear, honey bear, orchids, pitcher plants (know by
local as kondom flower) and many more... When arrive at Pesalat
Reclamation Camp we stand the tends and overnight in the deep of
Kalimantan Jungle.
Noted, in morning time the Gibbons will wake you up as their welcome
to you.
Day 09: Pesalat re-plantation Camping Site - Seikonyer Village (B.L.D)
Camping breakfast, and preparing to leave the Pesalat camp site to
Seikonyer village. Commence walking to Pesalat Jetty and get on board
to Seikonyer Village, upon arrival in Seikonyer village and check in
to Home Stay Seikonyer. Here you will be involved by villager about
the local community daily life and you will also see the local make
the art things such as orangutan statues special made from iron wood.
You will also have a chance to have new worldwide friends. Before dark
time the local will be performed a Batimung (a kind of local sauna and
spa treatment with special of Kalimantan cosmetic made from local
herbs). After clean and tidy you will present farewell dinner
performance with Batirik (a Seikonyer traditional dance) where you
will be invited to join the dance together.
Day 10: Home Stay Seikonyer - Kumai Town - Pangkalan Bun Airport -
Jakarta (B)
Morning breakfast at Home Stay Seikonyer, check out and transferred to
Kumai and Pangkalan Bun airport for your fly home via Jakarta.
End of Program.

Discounted rate with condition minimum 2 persons and available on
sharing group:
Price per person inclusive domestic air ticket: USD $ 1.651/person
Price per person excluded domestic air ticket:  USD. $.988/person

How to get Lombok Island?
=B7	For direct international flight, we recommend to use SILK AIR via
Singapore or Merpati Airline via Kuala Lumpur and Garuda Indonesia
Airline via Jakarta
=B7	Note: Lombok Island Airport code is AMI (Ampenan) or now become
Selaparang Airport of Mataram.
=B7	For domestic flight, you can reach Lombok Island via Jakarta,
Yogyakarta, Surabaya, and Denpasar Bali.
=B7	The flight agencies: Lion Air, Garuda Indonesia, Batavia Airline,
Merpati Airline from Bali, Indonesia Air Trans from Bali, GT Air from
Bali

If you do hard to reach the air ticket to Lombok, please contact us
for help.

Many thanks for your kind attention and interest.
Looking forward to get the adventure with you all....
God bless you...

Have a great day....

My Best Regards,

L=2E Herwia Agustana
Email: herwia@korindo-network.com
http://www.korindo-network.com
SILK AIR
http://www.silkair.com/mbe/en_UK/index.jsp
GARUDA INDONESIA AIRLINE
http://www.garuda-indonesia.com/
LION AIR
http://www.lionair.co.id/
BATAVIA AIRLINE INDONESIA
http://www.batavia-air.co.id/
MERPATI AIRLINE
http://www.merpati.co.id
LOMBOK INTERNET
http://www.lombokinternet.com
LOMBOK TRAVEL
http://www.lombok-travel.com
LOMBOK TRAVEL ONLINE
http://www.lomboktravelonline.com (will be online in a week)
LOMBOK PROPERTIES
http://www.cvindopal.com

http://groups.google.com/group/camping-around-orangutans-via-lombok-island



