From -7846764337799154537
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,33388f09aa75e11
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-04-07 09:48:06 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!newsfeed.wirehub.nl!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newshub2.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.mi.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Kuhlinayn69@hotmail.com (Kuhlinayn)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Crybaby Monks (Re: April 4th Patch Message)
Message-ID: <3acf3df2.6651479@news>
References: <lkulctg5n5122aurgdjrutjlbd4io4b2u9@4ax.com> <VFDy6.1530$al2.108103@news2.atl> <3acb08aa.12330057@news> <gs4mct09e7dsp3i43d4s7eido2p3kjsobc@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.21/32.243
Lines: 149
Date: Sat, 07 Apr 2001 16:47:13 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.7.164.220
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.mi.home.com 986662033 65.7.164.220 (Sat, 07 Apr 2001 09:47:13 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 07 Apr 2001 09:47:13 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:64098

First off let me commend you Stephen on a nice, sane and rational
response to my post.  I dont regret what I posted in the least and
still believe it but I had heard my fill of crying monks over this.

On Wed, 04 Apr 2001 13:52:01 +0100, Stephen Rose <cjj995@aber.ac.uk>
wrote:

>Because those were never options. What we're complaining about is
>something that has been in the game since the start and that many have
>grown to rely on. It's one of the fundamental things about monks.

So what you are saying is essentially if it is broke but being widely
abused for a long period of time, dont fix it.

>When people made the decision to play that class they did accept the
>limitations. Now those limitations have changed.

No, they havent.  The limitations havent changed, only how you must
deal with them has changed.

>As for opponents not
>standing a chance against high level monks - which opponents are
>these? Certainly not the high level ones...

You have me there I guess, perhaps it comes from watching a monk get
in 10 to 15 hits in succession on killing the Guard in the bank in FP
without him getting a swing in that is why I view it that way.
Admittedly I have never seen a monk in a high level raid where they
are also getting hit often and hard.  In the aspects you are talking
about I defer to you.

>But how badly will those changes affect you? Will it mean that you can
>carry one less fine steel weapon back to town to sell or will it mean
>that you lose 20 or so AC and die more?

No, but if I chose to be a Monk I would also not be playing it as the
same money grubbing "everything has value" that I play my
warrior/merchant either.  My warrior is ALWAYS at least 20 to 100
overencumbered.  As a monk I would not allow that.  And would play to
fit in the rules of the game.  I understand that monks were too, but
there had to be a tradeoff for the COMBINE button situation and that
was to fix something they have been looking the other way on for a
long time.  It is unfortunate that the weight issue on the bags
affected those who were asbusing it the most, but it happened in part
because some of those same monks were with the others who were
complaining about accidentally hitting Combine on  items they were
storing in thier kits.

>It's only a loophole because things have now changed. Before today it
>was perfectly legitimate.

No, it was a loophole before too.  Monks used it to exploit the weight
limit and others used it to simply increase thier weight allowance
whether they NEEDED it as badly as monks did or not.

>Monks - and other classes - used the trade
>skill containers because of the stats they had. There must be many
>aspects of the game that could be seem as "loopholes" in this light:
>how about making 20 food weigh 20 times 1 food for example. 

I dont disagree with you there in the least.  This should also be
fixed.  And in time it probably will be, and there will be people,
mainly dark races and those who are KOS in areas who will be screaming
bloody murder about the weight because it is so much of a hassle to go
get more food and drink and that 40 food and water weigh a ton.   Like
I said, I dont disagree with you and when that happens I wont be here
crying about it as it were something life or death, but rather that I
am disappointed they finally did something they should. =)

>As many monks don't have access to weight
>reducing packs

The average player, especially non-twinks dont have access to them.
At least not that I have seen.  Unless you are in a guild and buy them
on guild points and such.

>it may mean they can carry far less of something pretty
>fundamental, for example bandages. How would you feel if say two of
>your inventory slots disappearred?

Here is a simple example.  What if they changed it in the future that
Tailored Backpacks would now be 8 slots instead of 10, that the
benefit of having them would be that because they are tailored, the
weight redux is a factor of the way they are made.  Would I be
disappointed?  Yes.  Would I be crying my eyes out?  No.  Although I
would hope that with as many of them as there are in the game they
would give plenty of warning that the change was going to be
implimented unlike the fiasco with the Shraloks a few patches ago=)

>In my opinion this fix is a mess. I actually agree that it makes sense
>not to be able to use sewing kits in this way, but, as with so many
>other changes, it's the fact that it has been in the game so long, and
>has become relied upon that is the annoying thing.

See comment above about not fixing something that is broken.

>It is silly that you can only get two little bits of silk in a small
>sewing kit, while you can also get two huge great big two handed
>weapons.

No arguement there.

>In my opinion, trade skill containers should have been made
>so that the only things you can put in them are valid ingredients.

IMHO the way they should work violates the engines containers in
containers thing.  IMHO, you should be able to put empty packs in a
backpack or whatever.  When you want to use it, you should be able to
right click it and open it like you do a book, put your items in and
hit combine.  You could not close the kit unless it was empty because
you cant store items in it.  Make tradeskill kits work like this and I
think all of your problems would be solved as kits could only be used
for the purposes intended anyways.

Thnk about it, what are some of the kits?  I mean whatr would they
really have in them?  Dark Tyger gives good example of how a Tailoring
Kit is NOT simply needle and thread.  But it also ISNT a big bag with
8 slots that you put a ruined pelt and a mask pattern in and hit some
magical button on the bottom that makes them combine.  It is likely a
rolled up cloth that carries many tools for manipulating leather and
silk and the like.

What is a fletching kit?  Having watched my father make arrows as a
child and looking into making my own longbows and arrows in RL, I can
tell you that it isnt and 8 slot bag with a combine button either, not
even in a fantasy setting.  It is likely a rolled up piece of cloth
with tools for attaching the pieces together, maybe bending the bow
staves, maybe some crude glues for attaching nocks and fletchings or
silk threads for some of those purposes or alignment devices to insure
they fly straight.

A Spit?  I often wonder how many people even know what a RL "spit" is
when they argue about portable ovens in EQ=)  Why can a spit hold
giant items?  Because in RL you can roast a whole pig on one.  Sure,
you cant bake pies in one like you can in EQ but that wouldnt bother
me if they limited that stuff to Ovens only anyways.  In its most
basic form, a spit is simply 2 Y-shaped sticks with another stick or
bar running down the middle of it with a handle that you can rotate
the meat to cook it evenly and not simply burn one side.  So many
people seem to think it is literally a small poratble Easy Bake Oven.

Using my method would certainly get around much of this abuse of these
kits would it not?

I will be interested to see some of the replies to this idea.


Todd 
Remove the 69 to reply privately


