From 5817821578115747710
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e1719016b6ab0aca
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-28 13:53:52 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.cwix.com!wn2feed!worldnet.att.net!204.127.198.203!attbi_feed3!attbi.com!rwcrnsc51.ops.asp.att.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Michael" <michaelmcclary@attbi.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <jQNy8.124238$ro5.10944951@bin6.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com>
Subject: Re: LV6 DE Necro looking for bone chips (& maybe adventure?)
Lines: 162
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <zjZy8.84403$HH5.5343@rwcrnsc51.ops.asp.att.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 12.254.0.83
X-Complaints-To: abuse@attbi.com
X-Trace: rwcrnsc51.ops.asp.att.net 1020027231 12.254.0.83 (Sun, 28 Apr 2002 20:53:51 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 28 Apr 2002 20:53:51 GMT
Organization: AT&T Broadband
Date: Sun, 28 Apr 2002 20:53:51 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:190810

As a DE Necro you should hang around your own lands till 10th (As many bone
chips there as any other nOOb zone) or so then move into Lava Storm
Mountains till about 15th or so. From there you should move out to West
Karana and start killing the NPC Bard named Misty Storyswapper who is by the
buildings just south of the zone nexus that leads to Qeynos (BTW Qeynos =
Sony EQ backwards). Killing Misty pays well for those levels as she drops a
mandolin every 6 minutes worth about 2 PP and sometimes drops leather armor
worth a few plat too.

Colecting Bone chips is a worthless endeviour at best unless it's for you
own use, but hell they don't cost but a plat or two per 20, you will get
more than that every 6 minutes when you kill Misty the Bard. That is if you
are soloing. Misty is very fast exps for solo. Once you make 19th or so , go
to Overthere and hunt the MObs that are near and west of the Overthere
Outpost. That will take you up to like 23rd or so. From there, there are
many places you can go as a Necro. Grouping for you shouldn't be a problem
really other then the fact you are a Dark Elf and thus part of one of the
weaker races stat wise.

Personally, I have no idea why anyone would make either a Dark Elf or a
Human toon. It's a toss up between the two as to which is the most useless
races there are. Humans use to make good Monks (was the only race that could
be a Monk back then) but since the Iksar they aren't even any good for that.
DE's make horrid Tanks. Erudites make the best pure casters, especially
chanters as long as you make it agnostic (All chanters should be agnostic)
because it's easier (or at least cheaper) to raise you chr with magic items
than it is to raise int with magic items. If I were you I'd delete the DE
Necro (since it's only 6th level, only take a few hours at most to get to
6th level as any class) and make one that is Erudite.

DEs are useless as any class. Those are my opinions but they are based in
long play since the beta's, so it's an educated opinion. Sure there will be
those that are angered that I dis'ed DEs, but that would be driven by
emotion and not based in logic. Anyone that can name a good class as a DE I
can show you where it's not a logical choice. However, it is a game and you
really should play the race you want to "Role Play". That's really one of
the points of the game, but no one really role plays in EQ so to me that's a
moot point. EQ made it's game where it is all about leveling and and gaining
magic items rather than really role playing so it's best to pick the best
race for any given class.

Here are the best classes to be for races in my educated opinion:

Warrior Tank: Ogre hands down as the Troll's regeneration is fairly
meaningless in the upper levels. Can't beat the Ogre as the ultimate Meat
Shield. Truth is, all tanks (Warrior or SK [I leave out Paladin as they are
a useless class in my opinion and can't be a large race anyway]) should be
of the Large Classes whether you use Ogre, Barbarian or Troll, all those are
good but never make a small race tank, (Can't help it with the Ranger and as
I said Pallies are really useless.) Small race Tanks like Warriors and SKs
are useless in upper levels. Rangers are decent simi buff tanks, at least
they can cast SoW and Camo. Pallies are useless in all respects, it's better
to have a real healer in you group and always turn down a Pally when they
advertise for groups as a real Tank will come along soon.

Shadowknight Tank: Ogre or Troll. Ogre makes the best SK in my opinion as
they have the most Str. Dex and Agi are easy to raise with items and in
upper levels it's easy to max out str to 255 with Shammy buffs. Some like
the Troll SKs because of the Regen but as I said above, that's useless in
the upper levels when you have more than 1500hps. There are those that think
DE's make good SKs, but it's pure mythology, their idea is that they will
make up for their weakness through casting. Well, SKs are not primary
casters, (Want a NecroCaster make a Necro, not a SK SimiTank.) they are
Tanks 1st and DE's are lame Tanks. I have killed many DE SKs in duels with
my Ogre SK, just by shear power. They can't even outrun me. DE's are truly
useless Tanks in all respects. Hell, as I said there is no class they excel
at, just average just like the human.

Ranger, Wood Elf.

Paladin,, Who cares, it's a useless Class but if you have to run one make it
a Dorf as they are stout little bastards and humans are useless as any
class. High Elf is OK, but as I said, when thinking of making a Paly, move
on to another class, that class sux.

Monk: Iksar, hands down.

Mage: Erudite

Chanter Erudite.

Wizzie: Erudite

Necro: Erudite, Iksar or Gnome. In that order. (Erud's always make the best
pure casters.)

(Notice: Because of the Erud's high int at creation they make the best pure
casters of all.)

Beastmaster: Val Shir

Shaman: Well, all have their ups and down there. I like the Ogre but it does
lack the Wisdom needed to make a good one really but they are fun to play.
The Troll is about like the Ogre but has regen. Really the Barbarian and Val
Shir probably make the best Shammies.

Clairic: High Elf.

Bard: Wood Elf or Half Elf. about the same between the two, Humans make
useless Bards. Humans are useless in all classes just like the DE.

Rogue: Well, I tend to think Barbarian makes the best rogue cause the
problem is with that class is it was never developed right for EQ, same with
the Bard. Both classes were left out when developing the classes and over
the years they nurfed all the good things for both those classes. I guess
any race but human and DE would make a half ass rogue, but being that the
class is only good for backstab really I would go with the Barbarian for the
shear power. Well, there is the other thought about Rogues, they can not be
beat in Plane Raid Corpse Recovery, so it depends on what you are going to
be doing with the toon. High Agi and Dex are important but so is Str. Easyer
to get Agi and Dex up with items than it is Str. so I stick by the
Barbarian.

Notice, DE's and Human's don't show up at all in my list anywhere because of
really bad game design they are useless races. Again, these are my opinions,
just know I've played since the 3rd Beta so they are educated opinions.
Besides, opinions are like arseholes, everyone has one and they all stink
except mine. heh!

My Main Toons are 60th Ogre SK, 60th Erud Chanter and 60th Level Ogre
Warrior.  I've tried at least every class and race in the over 3 years I
played EQ. Don't really play anymore as I was already burned out by the time
SoL came out and SoL didn't really make me want to play anymore  really
either so I am simi-retired from EQ. I might be giving away all my stuff
soon, if so I'll post about it and what server.


"Daniel" <daniel_h_w@yahoo.com> wrote in message
news:jQNy8.124238$ro5.10944951@bin6.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com...
> I'm a Dark Elf Necromancer and I'll be LV6 in 1 blue bubble EXP.
> I'd like to go somewhere that is a good place for my LV to hunt bone
chips.
> I've thought about the Qeynos newbie area.  I've also thought about Field
of
> Bone in Kunark.  I'd like to get a large supply, maybe some more to take
> back with me to sell.  I survive by the player economy, each character
funds
> themselves mainly by selling what others are looking for but don't have
time
> (or will) to collect.
>
> What is a good place to go for my LV that provides great supply of bone
> chips and hunting, as well as is safe for my LV and few levels above? Is
> Field of Bone a good choice or Qeynos newbie area or somewhere else?
>
> By the time I get back to this I might be LV7 or 8. If I'm not yet 8, then
I
> might consider an extra backpack for my LV8 spells.
>
> My faction is dubious with most of Freeport, apprehensive to a few. I've
> never tried N Freeport though, and I think the wizards don't like me. I've
> only screwed up my orc faction, went from "threateningly" to "scowls",
which
> is KOS either way so doesn't matter.
>
> --
>
> Daniel    daniel_h_w@yahoo.com
>
>




