From 3934557818561011114
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,be0d39e4d7ad68f6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-04-06 18:42:05 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!cyclone-sjo1.usenetserver.com!news-out-sjo.usenetserver.com!europa.netcrusader.net!205.252.116.205!howland.erols.net!newshub2.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc2.pa.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "John Blevins" <js1blev@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3acd7d72.142978723@news.bluestar.net>
Subject: Re: Good Race/Class
Lines: 197
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2615.200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
Message-ID: <%buz6.28421$Os.6157928@news1.rdc2.pa.home.com>
Date: Sat, 07 Apr 2001 01:38:03 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.9.232.158
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc2.pa.home.com 986607483 65.9.232.158 (Fri, 06 Apr 2001 18:38:03 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 06 Apr 2001 18:38:03 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:63952


Newbie <enturvey@hotmail.com> wrote in message
news:3acd7d72.142978723@news.bluestar.net...
> I'm pretty much a newbie to this game. I've started about ten
> different characters, but haven't gotten any passed the first few
> levels before abandoning them. I was wanting to start a Magi and a
> Tank, but I don't know what race either should be, and what stats to
> put where to maximize them. I think I would like either a Necro or a
> Magician for my magi, and either a Ranger or a Shadow Knight for my
> tank. What should I do when creating these characters to maximize the
> benefits of them?
>

Here's my personal rundown of all the classes:

Bard: Unique kind of character; can use most weapons and wear plate, but
still cannot tank effectively. Decent pullers once they get their movement
song. Their songs can be useful in the right situations, and they are one of
the few classes that get visible rewards almost every level. (They get a new
song almost every level.) With their songs they can heal (poorly) increase
strength, and have a number of other effects. But they're not good at big,
dramatic effects. They can't nuke, they can't give you 1000 fire resistance,
and they don't have pets.

Races: Human, wood elf, or half-elf. Doesn't make too much difference, I'd
go with half-elf sonce humans don't have night vision.

Overall: Fun in a group, but a bit too unfocused for my tastes.

Cleric: If you like healing, play a cleric. They can heal better than any
class in the game, and are one of the top four buffers. They also have some
weak direct damage spells, and some good direct damage spells to undead.
They have a number of utility spells, but nothing spectacular. They can wear
plate, but should not tank after level 8.

Races: Human, Dark Elf, Dwarf, Erudite, Gnome, Halfling, High Elf. High
Elves and Dwarves are the most popular, and good choices. Be a dwarf if you
want to retain your tanking abilities a bit longer.

Overall: Great in groups, but you'll be stuck healing, not doing much of
anything else. If you want to get into a lot of groups easily, this is a
good class.

Druid: Sigh...we have too many of these. Druids can do just about
anything...nuke, dot, buff, debuff, heal, teleport, utility...They're good
for solo when they kite, and can be useful in a group. They can also wear
leather. But whatever you do, act intelligent, otherwise, people will say
"Oh another dr00d." And, be prepared to constantly hear "Can I have an SoW?"

Races: Human, Halfling, Half-Elf, Wood Elf.. Halflings are the most common,
seconded by Wood Elves, and for good reason. Half-elves have poor wisdom, so
they will have less mana, and Humans have no night vision.

Overall: Seeing 1,000 of them every day is annoying, but still a nice class.

Enchanter: Arguably, one of the harder classes to play, not recomended for
newbies. They have some of the best debuffs in the game, as well as good
buffs and the all-important mesmerize. Their damage spells, however, are
almost nonexistant. You can also summon or charm pets, but they'll never be
as good as necromancer of magician pets. They can also cast illusion spells
to make themselves look like different races, so racial faction is
irrelevent. Definetly one of the more difficult classes, as they are
helpless without a group, but also one of the most useful when in one.

Races: Dark Elf, Erudite, Gnome, High Elf, Human. All are good choices, but
a dark elf enchanter might be interesting, since you don't have to worry
about the normal faction problems.

Overall: A vital and powerful class, but not for newbies.

Magician: My personal favorite class (or tie for it). They have some of the
best pets, and the second best direct damage spells. They have the most
choices in pets, so you can pick the pet to fit your playing style. They can
also summon food, water, light sources, and weapons. One of the best classes
to solo, and a very good one to group as well.

Races: Dark Elf, Erudite, Gnome, High Elf, Human. All are good choices. I
play a high elf, but whatever you like.

Monk: An odd class. They can fight with their fists better than they can
with a weapon (arguably) and have a number of nice special attacks, and the
all-important feign death ability. Their armor is restricted to leather, but
you receive a bonus to your AC based on dexterity, but only if you're
carrying less than 14 lbs of equipment, so you might want to go without
armor. A useful class, but an obscure one.

Races: Human, Iksar. Iksar is the better choice statisticly speaking, but
faction problems might get in your way. Whatever floats your boat.

Overall: A pretty good class.

Necromancer: Another cool class. They have some of the best pets, and a
number of other useful spells like fear spells, darkness spells, dots and
life taps, as well as some utility and debuff spells. They can also do
freaky things like exchange their hp for mana, put on a specter illusion, or
go into a 'lich form' which I think gives you less hp but more mana. One of
the best solo classes, but some Necros are complaining that they don't have
a place in higher-level groups. Still a nice class.

Races: Dark Elf, Erudite, Gnome, Human, Iksar. Dark Elves are the most
common, and since your faction is already down the tubes, and you'll be
liked MORE in your own city, which is something only they and Erudites can
enjoy (but then again, Erudite Necromancers will also have quite a fun time
getting off the continent...)

Paladin: A hybrid between Warrior and Cleric. Since the hybrid exp pentalty
was removed, you don't have to worry about slow-leveling anymore. They can
wear plate, use most weapons, and tank fairly well. They have some nice
healing spells, and some nukes against undead, and a number of other spells.
Not a bad class, but everything you can do, another class can do better,
like all hybrids.

Races: Dwarves, Erudites, Half-elves, High Elves, Humans. Dwarves are the
most common, and probably the best choice.

Overall: Not bad, but still suffers from hybrid innefectiveness.

Ranger: A hybrid between a Druid and a Warrior. They have some usefull
utility spells, and are also the only hybrid that can dual wield. They are
also the only hybrid class to get kick, although they do not get bash. They
also get skills like dodge, sneak, and riposte earlier than other classes.
They can track at level 1, which makes finding enemies easier (although
often it leads you into the middle of no where) and are the only class other
than warriors that can critical hit with a bow (and the only other class
that can get any kind of critical hit.) However, they also can't wear plate
armor, so you're stuck with chain mail or whatever. They're really fun
though, one of my favorites.

Races: Half-elf, Human, Wood Elf. All are good choices, but Wood Elves are
the most common. Half-elves have low wisdom, so they'll have less mana.

Overall: A fun class, but not the most powerful by any means.

Rogue: This is a useful class, and dish out high amounts of damage with
backstab, and can sneak around and hide very well, and use poison, but they
can't tank worth beans. Good in a group.

Races: Barbarian, Dark Elf, Dwarf, Gnome, Half-elf, Halfling, Human, Wood
Elf. All are nice choices.

Overall: A good class, I guess. I don't know that much about them.

Shadow Knight: Hybrid between warrior and a necromancer. They're the only
hybrid class to get a pet, and also have some good dot spells. However,
again with hybrids, they still suffer from the "not as effective" syndrome,
and have some of the worst faction in the game. They have the 'feign death'
ability, which is useful for pulling.

Races: Human, Erudite Dark Elf, Iksar, Ogre, Troll. Ogre's and Trolls make
better tanks, but level slower. Iksar and Humans will be more balanced, and
Dark Elves and Erudites have more mana.

Overall: Nice, but still have the 'hybrid syndrome.'

Shaman: Shamans are fairly versatile; they can deliver damage through their
dots and their ice dd attacks, but can't compare to a necromancer or wizard
in those fields. They have some of the best buffs in the game, and they
debuff fairly well. In addition, Shaman races are stronger than those of
Clerics and Druids, so they retain their tank abilities longer. Shamans can
wear plate and can wield blunt and piercing weapons. But most of their races
are evil, so faction may prove to be difficult. Also, Shaman races have
lower wisdom, so they have less mana than a Druic/Cleric of the same level.
Oh, and be prepared to hear "Can I have an SOW?

Races: Barbarian, Iksar, Ogre, Troll. Trolls and Ogres have mediocre wisdom,
but better strength and stamina, and level slower. Trolls and Iksar also
regenrate, and Iksar have better wisdom than ogres and trolls (and the field
of bone is a great newbie zone.) Barbarian are the only ones who are not
evil, and also have no night vision.

Warrior: A tank, what else can I say? He can dish out and take more damage
than anyone else in the game, but he's not at all versatile, so he most
often needs a group.

Races: All but Erudite and High Elf. Each of the warrior races has their
good points, but Ogres, Trolls, and Barbarians have the highest key
statistics. However, warriors are equally common among all the races (except
maybe gnomes and halflings.)

Overall: An essential class, but a simple one.

Wizard: Wizards have the best nukes in the game. They can deal more damage
in a single attack than any other class. They also have teleport spells, and
a small number of other spells. If you want to run around slinging lightning
bolts and fire balls, you have a class here. They can also make a great deal
of money, since people will pay fairly well for teleports. But be prepared
to spend fight meditating. Talk about a mana black hole.

Races: Dark Elf, Erudite, Gnome, High Elf, Human. All are good choices, and
have their high points. Erudites have the best intelligence, seconded by
Dark Elves, then Gnomes, but intelligence isn't the only factor towards a
good wizard.

Overall: Best nukers in the game, but be prepared to spend a bunch of time
medding.




