From 1679064551556243301
X-Google-Thread: fb739,46d40b76e409f723,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!c13g2000cwb.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mobhunter: Everqust 2 Review
Date: 23 Nov 2004 13:23:11 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 201
Message-ID: <1101244991.475683.176990@c13g2000cwb.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.128.12.114
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1101244995 21856 127.0.0.1 (23 Nov 2004 21:23:15 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 23 Nov 2004 21:23:15 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: c13g2000cwb.googlegroups.com; posting-host=24.128.12.114;
   posting-account=WDcinhMAAADcvkKBmXXfehYblo0NN7Cr_KfkHiVTV22R7IgxdvF6Yg
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:24771

Note: I wrote this review for both Mobhunter and EQ2 Caster's Realm.
For bonus points, find four pop culture references!

Since the days I began playing Everquest I heard about the development
of Everquest 2. It took form over the years becoming less of a dream
and more of a reality. I've bought games for the last twenty years now
and I learned not to pay attention to previews. Ever since the days the
glossy game mags touted Sewer Shark as a revolutionary step towards
interactive entertainment, I learned to ignore the hype and pay
attention to the game itself when released.

I felt different about Everquest 2 than most new games. I looked
forward to its release, but I felt trepidation instead of giddy
excitement. I still love Everquest. I still want to play it. I don't
want my friends to leave; I don't want my guild to fall apart. SOE
doesn't want players switching games either, they prefer to drag in a
whole new pack of angry wizards, but that doesn't mean it won't happen.
While I knew I would buy EQ2 and I was pretty sure I'd play it for a
long while, part of me didn't WANT to like it. So it was with this
trepidation that I opened up the beautifully packaged EQ2 box and
installed the two DVDs filled with Norrath's new world.

For the past two weeks, young Pavlen, my half-elf rogue, reached level
15. What I've seen impresses me a lot. So today I write a review of
Everquest 2 from the eyes of a long-time Everquest player.

Character generation alone shows the depth of this game. What impressed
me most was how different two characters of the same race can look. The
variations between two half-elves were as extreme as the difference
between high elf, half elf, and wood elf. The wide range of hair
styles, hair color, skin color, and even physical size helps create a
truly unique character. The details of cheek hight, chin size, eye
slant, and mouth width probably went too far; few people will see your
big goofy Bruce Campbell chin as you race around the city, but more
detail is always better. (That's two pop-culture references so far,
Moorgard.)

While graphics in a game like Everquest get people to ooh and ahh at
magazines, demonstrations, and videos, they matter little when compared
to gameplay. Massive online games have to pay close attention to steady
yet limitless progression, class desirability, class interdependence,
social connectivity, and encounter variance. Graphics are important but
people pay less and less attention to them the longer they play. But
yes, the graphics are stunningly beautiful.

EQ2 includes graphic settings so advanced that EQ2 will push machines
to their limits five years from now. I had to set my machine, which
screams through Doom 3's most advanced settings, to performance-level
to achieve a reliable framerate. This thread on setting graphic
performances has a lot of good advise. One thing that will drastically
increase your framerate is to set "complex shader distance" to "-1",
all the way to the left, in your "Performance" menu under display
options. It removes the pretty bumps from things but will result in
sometimes a 20 FPS increase. It appears, however, that Everquest 2
graphics will scale well into the future. As hardware gets better, so
will EQ2's appearance.

The quest journal is the core of Everquest 2. As I grew from a young
adventurer on the Isle of Refuge to the seasoned hunter of Antonican
Gnolls, I constantly added new quests into my quest journal. I didn't
push to progress in levels or equipment. I pushed to find quests and
complete them.

The quests in Everquest follow a very wide range of tasks including
delivery, collection, slaughter, exploration, completing tradeskills,
and mini-zone clearing. Quests arrive from anywhere. Poke a wooden boat
on the beach and find a strange rune inside that leads to a whole new
quest. Get a brass key from a rat and discover a quest to unlock a room
full of dark elf spies. Buy books in the library to learn of long lost
treasures.

Quests follow every path of the game; whether you want to explore,
hunt, tradeskill, or travel around a city. Quests drive you to find new
zones and new places. Each quest is a small story for you to follow.
The game doesn't force you down any one path; you choose which of these
quests you wish to pursue; but there is little reason to hunt without
having a quest to drive you.

The low-level quests from level 5 to 7, especially the collection and
delivery quests, help you learn the layout of the huge cities of Qeynos
and Freeport. These delivery quests frustrate people at first but once
finished, it is far easier to find one's way around.

Quests lead you through all forms of progression. I spend little time
worrying about my equipment or level. Instead, I watch my quest
journal. What quests can I accomplish fast? Which ones are too old? Are
there quests that other people have? One great feature lets you peek
into your group member's quest books. If they have a quest you don't,
you can learn where this quest starts and get it yourself.

It's far too early to tell if this will continue throughout Everquest
2. Much of what I describe is also true for Everquest 1 at this level.
I do not know if quests become far fewer and less rewarding at the
higher levels, forcing us to go back to camping in one spot and
grinding experience.

So far it appears that Everquest 2 embraced its title. We may very well
quest forever.

Now lets talk a little about the cities. After taking Pavlen up to
level 15, I rolled up a dark elf enchanter and took him through level 7
in Freeport. The vast difference in atmosphere between Freeport and
Qeynos astounded me. While Qeynos feels like Minis Tirith or Camelot,
Freeport feels like H.P Lovecraft's version of planet Gidi Prime in
Dune. Huge red tendrils of power hold a vast tower floating above the
torn city. What horrors lie in that tower? What power could lift such a
thing? Freeport is vast and scary. I love it.


EQ2's combat system is another big change from Everquest. Efficient
combat requires a lot of interaction. Combinations of moves, a wide
range of skills, and situational requirements require that a player
constantly pay attention to the battle and press the right attack at
the right time.

As a 15 rogue, nearly all of my damage comes from my variety of bending
and twisting stabs and slashes. If I were to set on auto-attack and go
get a pop-tart, my efficiency in group would drop to less than 10%. I
have to pay attention.

Heroic opportunities, a mix of fighting-game style combinations and the
most graphically advanced version of Simon Says, offer a collaborative
dimension to combat. Some groups seem to ignore them completely, but
when they work they're very exciting.

Everquest 2 based class dependence around archetypes. Each player
decides on an archetype in two steps before picking a particular class.
Each class has the basic abilities of the archetype. All scouts can
improve run speed, track creatures, and hide in shadows. All priests
can heal and resurrect. This breakout of four archetypes should help
keep each class useful in any group. We cannot yet tell how this will
work out at the higher levels, but it seems to work fine at the low.

Everquest 2 focuses on trying to give people more content at each
level. Leveling too quickly robs the player of a lot of opportunities.
Some players will always drive as high as they can go as far as they
can go, like Icarus trying to reach the sun, but the best way to play
this game is to enjoy it at your own pace and let leveling and gear
come as they come.

Everquest 2 built in a lot of tools to improve social interaction.
Players can invite other players into a group anywhere in a zone.
Players can directly invite others from the "Looking for Group" tool.
Players can target other players in a group and see their name
highlighted across the zone no matter how far away. There are
world-wide channels for new players, classes, and cities.

SOE streamlined the actions of getting into a group, finding your
group, following your group, hunting in your group, and leaving your
group. Every class, upon achieving citizenship in the citizenship
quest, receives a daily gate to your home city helping players leave
the game quickly when real life rears its ugly head and demands a
sacrifice.

It is too early to poke big holes in a game this big but a couple of
things stick out as potential problems. While raiding doesn't require
more than 24 people, a limit that may radically change the forming of
the dreaded uberguild, a level system for guilds promising a new path
for content could alienate guilds of lower power or lower membership.
This may not be a problem as long as it doesn't become the only form of
progression available. EQ1 seemed to drive players into uberguilds once
they reached a certain level. At the high levels joining a raiding
guild became the only way to increase one's power. Still, a guild-based
level system seems to stretch outside of simple social interaction and
into the realm of cliques and elitism; something I detest in massive
online games.

Everquest 2's biggest problem is time. I don't plan on quitting
Everquest 1. I already filled my day with work, writing, the dreaded
Tivo, and my nightly hunts in Everquest. I have yet to successfully
play two massive online games at the same time. Whichever game I happen
to be in, I feel like I'm missing something going on in the other.

Everquest 1's numbers certainly dropped in the last two weeks. However,
I hear other guild leaders say that Halo 2, Half Life 2, Grand Theft
Auto: San Andraes, and the holidays in general take more players away
from EQ than World of Warcraft or Everquest 2. While it looks like EQ
numbers dropped in the last couple of weeks, we won't know its real
impact until the worlds settle and we see where everyone ends up. I
wouldn't count anything as fact until early next year.

It is easy to look at the release of Everqust 2 as an earth-shaking
event. We play in a community where the decisions of a sword or a bow
bring hundreds of angry rangers to the doors of SOE. From some of the
passion we read on the EQ forums and even on the comments on previous
Mobhunter articles, it would seem we traveled far outside the realm of
a simple game.

But Everquest and Everquest 2 are games. We buy them, we install them,
we play them, and we talk about them. Sure, these aren't like any other
games before them. No couple ever met and got married over Ratchet and
Clank. Everquest is one of the best games I have seen. If my dollar is
my vote, I bought two copies of the game, one as a gift, and signed up
for a year-long subscription including all of the web features. The
total price was over $200 but I expect a high entertainment reward for
my investment. Everquest 2 is an amazing game and I look forward to
watching young Pavlen progress through this vast world.
Loral Ciriclight
22 November 2004
loral@loralciriclight.com



