From 2172733418602005184
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,68edfbcd8bcb794d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-06-19 03:47:49 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!xmission!news-out.spamkiller.net!propagator2-maxim!propagator-maxim!news-in.spamkiller.net!DirecTVinternet!DirecTV-DSL!sn-xit-03!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Ragefire
Date: Wed, 19 Jun 2002 06:45:29 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3D1060C9.950F204E@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <ugijiut02hbec@corp.supernews.com> <wTqP8.18080$Aa4.1066649@news0.telusplanet.net> <3d0f8461.20378010@news.world-online.no> <jaXP8.214$mg3.29543@newsfep1-win.server.ntli.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 127
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:205529

-Martin wrote:

> How is a list fair?
> 
> I want my epic, so does James.  Because hes in the "uber guild" that
> enforces this list, does that mean he starts first on the list, whilst I
> compete for a place from 10-30 on the list?
> 
> How do you create the initial list order?  I dont believe there is ANY fair
> way.

Exactly the point. This doesn't just apply to Rage. It's any contested
spawn or zone with a long respawn time (e.g. Hate for prime time weekend
slots, et. al.) or just rare damn pop. (e.g. VS)

A list such as this is "fair" providing you are one of the guilds
initially setting it up, and *especially* "fair" if you are the (or one
of the) uberguilds on the server who will be the de facto enforcers of
it.

It's all well and good to have your guild leader sit down with five
other guild leaders and say, ok.. we'll take slot one and six and
eleven, you get two and seven and twelve... etc.  However, now that
you've "scheduled" the next thirty Rage spawns, what happens when
another guild finally get's a cleric to the mid fifties, finally
grows/recruits four groups of post 50 players capable of killing rage
for that epic, and kills the Overking at the end of the month?  Is this
cleric now supposed to come before you as a supplicant and politely be
informed, "Good cleric. Well done! Now get in line. Your turn at
ragefire will be the week of Jan. 13, 2003. And mind you, don't be late
or missing, or it's to the back of the list you go! Now shoo!"

There are also some unguilded clerics out there (or members of tiny
guilds who could never mount a Rage kill) but who have *lots* of friends
from grouping, meeting people, etc.  I would think James could
particularly relate to that scenario, at least until a few months ago.
How do *those* clerics get a spot on this list?

No. I can see such a list "working" with enough bully enforcement, but
in truth it will only work for those who create it, and eventually
others will violate their little plan when they've had enough of it, and
the consequences from the "big dog" guild be damned.

> What happens if when its my turn, Rage pops at 3am and Im sleeping?  Should
> the entire server wait for me to log on the following day so I can kill it?
> (Reducing the number of Rage pops)
> 
> What if my guild is in the middle of a raid/pull when Rage pops.. everybody
> sits and waits while my guild fights/C.R's and then comes to help me?

Well, on this one I'd have to say it doesn't apply. As much as other
people here violently disagree with me on this, Ragefire is a camp. Pure
and simple. If you are out running around the server raiding other
things, or asleep and have nobody watching the spawn point, then you're
not really ready for Ragefire and you will doubtless lose it.

The sad thing about this fucked up encounter (fucked up as in how VI has
it implemented) is that most all normal activity for the guild is simply
going to have to grind to a halt, or at least be modified a bit if you
are doing it.

The one we just helped successfully complete last week was very typical.
The cleric and a core group of friends show up and take the camp at the
NE corner of SF and settle in. The cleric stayed at her computer, pretty
much all the time, from Monday until Friday night. There were brief
breaks for naps, showers, etc. but even then either her husband was
watching the screen and/or they had people ready to phone her house to
wake her up if Rage showed up.  With her were a rotating group of
friends who knew ahead of time that they were going to do their "shifts"
there with at least one full group, usually two, pulling mobs for xp,
spells, etc. and just stay there until she got her epic. Took down
Talendor twice in that time. But the rest of the people not actively on
the camp had either bound themselves in appropriate areas, or had camped
out their mains right on that spot and just played alts all week.

When Rage popped at 7 pm friday, we were ready to pull in five minutes.
That's the sort of dedication and suicidally insane effort that a cleric
must sadly put into getting Ragefire, as I see it.  And if some
Uberguild_01 member happend to be passing through just as Rage popped
and had two groups of level sixties with him, and grabbed Ragefire while
we were buffing and camping in members during that five minutes,
claiming they were next on some sort of list, you can bet your ass I'd
be pissed off about it. In the end, likely not much we could *do* about
it, but it would definitely get widely publicized and wouls show the
true character of such a shitbag guild.
 
> What if I help people camp Rage for weeks and weeks and weeks, waiting
> patiently for my turn. And then when it finally comes to me, im offline that
> day?

Same as above, sadly. If you want Rage, you need to be there when he
pops.

> What can you *really* do to a guild that opposes this list?

Nothing of lasting consequence. You can make things harder on them for a
while by being grief players (which uberguilds and thier allies, if any,
can be very good at) but in the end, you realize that now you're paying
13 bucks a month just to be hall monitors and fucking with their guild
rather than playing the game you signed up for and getting anything
done.

If it's the reverse scenario, where it's the uberguild that breaks the
pact, then generally *nothing* can be done. Past a certain level, guilds
no longer have to worry about their repuations at all. Who cares what
all the peons think? You can just write it off to "jealousy and whining"
or simply say, "Quit living in the past. Get over it"  and ignore them.

Sadly, I've watched this first hand on Xev, and recently too. Though it
wasn't anything involving Ragefire or the cleric epic, the same
principle applies.
/sigh
 

> And I guess ultimately, who are you to tell any player or guild how they can
> play *their* game?  (as long as its fair and legal play, obviously)

True, but it works both ways, sadly. And smaller guilds are in even
*less* of a position to tell larger ones how to play *their* game. In
the end, I think all you can do is be good to your friends and allied
guilds, and do your best to just ignore the rest if you can.
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"An army of sheep led by a lion would defeat an army of lions led by a
sheep."
-- Arab proverb


