From -3810914060427769552
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,277ae62d833498d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-13 00:57:17 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "John M Clancy" <spark@spark.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Patch message 12-13
Date: Thu, 13 Dec 2001 03:57:58 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <u1grbche1qr57c@news.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 97
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:146294

December 13th, 12:00am
------------------------------

** Texture Cache **

In an effort to improve loading and zoning times, we've added the
ability to cache textures to your hard drive.  One of the things that
your computer is doing when you load up the game or change
zones is building textures and putting them into RAM on your
computer.  Each time you log in or zone the game has to create
the textures you need and put them into RAM for use during
gameplay.

This, obviously, takes a little time.

We have added an option that allows you to save that information
to your hard drive rather than creating it each time you log in or zone.

This does have a few drawbacks.  It will require a lot of hard drive
space to store these textures.  In the most extreme case it could
use up as much as 1.5 GB of hard drive space, though this would
be the extreme.  It could, however, easily use 500 MB of space on
your hard drive.  And because writing all this data to your hard drive
takes a little time, the first time you use this feature it will take a bit
longer to log in.

The game will never allow you to fall below 500 MB of space on your
hard drive when creating the texture cache.  This is to prevent any
problems with a shortage of space on your hard drive.  But it also
means that you will need to have plenty of hard drive space free
to use this option; 500 MB plus the amount needed for the texture
cache.

Also, if you change any of your setting for graphics {like changing
the texture quality) it will have to rewrite these files, meaning that
your first log in after making such a change will take longer than
usual as it writes these files to your hard drive.

The benefits is that once you have allocated the hard drive space
and logged in to create the needed files, the game can then read
that information directly into RAM from your hard drive rather than
creating them each time you log in or zone.

What this feature does not allow you to do is to increase the
settings above those that are recommended.  If the game suggests
that you only use ten models, turning on the Texture Cache will not
make it a good idea to turn on more models.  This feature will not
change that.  Those recommendations are based on the amount
of RAM you have available and your video card.  The hard drive
cache does not effectively add RAM to your machine, it just allows
the game to save time creating the textures that your existing RAM
and video card use.

There are two ways to activate this feature.  You can check the
'Texture Cache' box in the Options screen, or you can turn it on
from within the eqclient.ini file.  To activate it, add the following
line to the eqclient.ini file:

TextureCache=TRUE

This could improve load times dramatically depending on your
settings.  The more models and graphics features you have turned
on, the greater the potential increase in loading times you will see
using the Texture Cache.

Remember:  This will require a lot of hard drive space, so be certain
that you have a lot of free hard drive space if you turn this option on.
The more stuff you enable (models, texture quality, etc.) the more
space you will need.

We expect this to be of greatest benefit to folks with 256 megs of
RAM and a lot of hard drive space.  The more RAM your system
has, the less benefit you should expect to see by using the texture
cache.


* Patch Changes *

- Fixed a pathing problem in the waters of Acrylia Caverns
- More fixes for face and hair issues:  Most notably a bug with
Erudite male hair color arrows changing the hair style instead of
the color.
- Fixed a problem that was causing the % to crash some people
when using in tells.
- Addressed several potential crash bugs.

- The EverQuest Team


--
Go here and click every day:
http://www.thehungersite.com







