From -5717995668132256266
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,32de65cf253a55f1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-04-26 21:59:14 PST
Path: newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news.stealth.net!news-east.rr.com!cyclone.columbus.rr.com!news.rr.com!cyclone-midwest.rr.com!typhoon.columbus.rr.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Malvolin" <blah@blah.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <a0lgetkl7jltdik4hhb6jmnsilbk942anl@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: Questions for you PvP players
Lines: 163
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Message-ID: <B07G6.124234$BB5.1338481@typhoon.columbus.rr.com>
Date: Fri, 27 Apr 2001 04:59:13 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.24.157.2
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.columbus.rr.com 988347553 65.24.157.2 (Fri, 27 Apr 2001 00:59:13 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 27 Apr 2001 00:59:13 EDT
Organization: Road Runner Columbus
Xref: newsfeed.google.com alt.games.everquest:70128


"Bat Child (Sue M.)" <batchild1@home.com> wrote in message
news:a0lgetkl7jltdik4hhb6jmnsilbk942anl@4ax.com...
> I personally don't have any desire to be a PvP player, but I do have a
> few questions for you folks that play PvP:

I'm a Rallos player, first of all, since April of '99.

> What attracted you to make you decide to become a PvP player?
>

Starting out as a Human Shadowknight on Veeshan, I became bored with the
blue game(we refer to playing on non-PvP servers as "Playing The Blue
Game"), and realized that what I was doing then at level 10(Camping Dervs in
North Ro)was generally what I would be doing at level 50.

I also grew weary of seeing High Elves buddying with Trolls, and Druids
buddying with Necromancers. Lack of alignment based roleplay, as it were,
which drew me to EQ in the first place. I wanted to play a Shadowknight, the
textbook example of the Unholy Warrior, and on a non-PvP server, that just
can't be accomplished to any extent that isn't completely contrived,
cosmetic and superficial.

A month after release, I created a Dark Elven Necromancer(remember, now,
these days shortly after release, Necromancers were touted as the Suckiest
Class in Norrath, HA!)and, well...I've seen no reason to really go back to a
blue server.

And, I prefer Rallos over the Team PvP servers, as I'd rather have the
freedom to choose my character's allies myself, rather than having them hard
coded for me.

> What strategies do you use that are different than what a non-PvP'er
> uses, besides the ones that I know of about banking most of your money
> and keeping your loot in backpacks?

Most smart Rallos players keep two sets of gear: PvP gear, and non-PvP gear.
This tends to apply more to melee characters than casters, however. The
smart melee player keeps a PvE set of gear which focuses on AC and their
primary stats(STR, etc), and a set of PvP gear that focuses on Magic, Heat
and Cold resists. They can then choose which they're most likely to need for
a given excursion(some zones tend to be more PvP prone than others), or can
take a mix of the two.


> I would think that there would be a lot fewer twinks on a PvP server,
> seeing that a twinked player could easily lose their stuff; is this
> true, or are there about the same number of twinks as there are on
> non-PvP servers?

Actually, if my current experience on Rodcet Nife is any indicator(I have a
lowbie Ranger there that I play from time to time with some RL friends and
co-workers), twinking is about the same. Most of the twinks on Rallos,
however, are wearing no-drop items, since they can't be looted.



> What is a "Care Bear server" (I've heard that phrase used often)?

Any server that is not Rallos, Tallon or Vallon Zek; although we on Rallos
tend to refer to Tallon/Vallon as "glorified" Carebear servers.

As a side note, we generally intend the term "Care Bear" to be taken fully
tongue-in-cheek most of the time, though it has generated more than a little
animosity in the past.;)


> When I /con a player on my non-PvP server, I get the "indifferent"
> message; it would make sense to me that /conning a PvP player would
> get the "scowling/ready to attack" message; is this correct?

Players on all three PvP servers con indifferent.


> Is it true that PvP players actually have better game manners than
> non-PvP players (the theory being that a PvP'er who goes around
> KS'ing, ninja-looting, etc. risks getting their head handed to them on
> a platter so therefore is less likely to engage in that type of
> behavior)?

The type of player you define does tend to have his head handed to him on a
regular basis. From my experience, however, that doesn't tend to deter him.

Outside of the grief-player community though(which is rather small, contrary
to popular belief), the players on Rallos aren't really any different than
on a blue server. I'd estimate that the percentage of morons on PvP servers
and non-PvP servers is more or less the same. The big difference on Rallos
is that the morons can affect you directly, and you can usually affect them
directly right back.


> How does an Iksar become a PvP player since there is no POD in Cabilis
> (at least none that I know of)?  I'm guessing they have to do faction
> work and then go to another city and then turn in their book to the
> POD there?

There is absolutely no reason to be a PvP player on a blue server, as you
then become unhealable and unbuffable by any player who is not also PvP.

If you want to try PvP, come to one of the PvP servers.



> What are the better races/classes for playing PvP?  Worse
> races/classes?

Race doesn't really have any noticeable effect on PvP viability, outside of
*maybe* night-vision capabilities.

As far as classes go, there is *no* class that is not viable in PvP,
although they vary. The real determining factor much of the time is gear, as
well as how smart the players behind the characters are. Many will tell you
that Monks and Rogues are just this side of useless in PvP, but as a
Necromancer(which are regarded as one of, if not the best PvP class), many
of my toughest and closest fights have been against Monks and Rogues. Hell,
I even lost a very close duel to one of the Clerics in my guild, who was
smart enough to keep my pet rooted and myself blinded/stunned while he swung
his Cadaceus at me.:)

In general, pure casters have a distinct advantage over Melee and Priest
classes. But again, that advantage can be lessened by good resist gear,
decent weaponry, and some wits.

If you were going to play on Rallos and wanted to play a class that starts
strong and stays that way as far as innate PvP ability goes, I'd suggest a
Necromancer, Magician, Druid, or Bard(yes, Bards are surprisingly effective,
especially after they get Selo's). If you were looking for a class that
doesn't neccessarily have it easy at level one, but that really matures at
30+, I'd say try a Wizard,  Enchanter, Ranger, Monk or Shadowknight.

But again, there is no class that cannot survive in PvP, they just have
varying degrees of difficulty and there are different things to keep in mind
for each and every class.

> Do you PvP players have other non-PvP characters that you also play or
> do you exclusively play PvP?

Except for the Ranger I mentioned above, I play Rallos exclusively.

What things do you like in PvP that you
> miss in non-PvP playing?

The atmosphere of uncertainty. The feeling of apprehension and resulting
rush I get from not always knowing who I can or cannot trust. And, I like
the fact that the differing rules on Rallos allow Norrath to be somewhat
dynamic, even if it's only to a slight degree. To me, that beats a blue
server, where the environment is 110% percent static outside of GM-led
quests.


What things do you dislike in PvP that you
> don't have to deal with in non-PvP (besides the obvious)?

Nothing. If it weren't for the fact that I have RL friends and acquaintances
on Rodcet, I wouldn't be playing anywhere else at all.


Hope all that sheds some light.:)







