From -4521853926974534458
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f40ef7958cd859cc,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2006 15:03:35 -0500
Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2006 16:04:38 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Pulling 101
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <r_Odne81hc0KVnnZnZ2dnUVZ_qmdnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 70
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.48.203
X-Trace: sv3-3TLeL7R049ZniIqd2M4wo9cqutg75Wh/QecMGi+tFcH5ijo1lA4zk47cW3+YcAUjHCYEX0JlyjKJnOd!F78o2SpZUY8r2d16TbEgUJP6cHGxEHpNoyqmCX92APb5IhO+UFGGm3KEwt/tYcxePqEe/X4mTmpI!y3Su0ufOxIY=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3575

I'n not an expert puller.  By no stretch of the imagination.

However, I've done some, and seen it done, at least in relatively simple 
situations.

My mage used to pull a lot in outdoor groups, for example; with a SOW 
on, he could run out, tickle something lightly with a tiny long range 
nuke, run back to the group and get his pet to take it off him, then 
leave to find the next target (maybe dropping a nuke or two if I was 
close to FM and the fights were relatively slow)  This wouldn't cost the 
group that much DPS, and I'd always be nearly FM when something big 
showed up.

My cleric did a fair amount of pulling too, more advanced because he had 
lull spells and could thus pick out one from a group by lulling the ones 
he didn't want to add, and making sure to pick one and a pull angle such 
that it wouldn't get too close to the lulled mobs.   Other advanced 
tricks, pulling with root or stun or even fear or the exotic Flash of 
Light, and using atone.

My bard could pull even better with his combination of lull, track, high 
run speed, mez, charm... well perhaps not better, but an overpull wasn't 
so much an issue as it was just a bigger opportunity.

With my SK, though, I seem to have more limited tools, yet more people 
expect me to pull.  FD seems sloppy to me, particularly as it often 
fails, and then can't be used for an annoyingly large number of seconds. 
  I don't really seem to have many ways to get a single, certainly no 
lull, nor do I run particularly fast... I'm a lot more like a mage in 
this respect.

The good thing about SK pulling is that for once I -want- the aggro, 
pulling myself means its much easier for me to hold aggro, compared to 
when anyone else does it.  And I can always have someone else keep me in 
SOW, or down potions.

One trick I've heard of is pet pulling, I seem to be missing the knack 
for it though; I summon a low level pet, send it to attack a target and 
then have it run back to me... which usually means its buddies also come 
along, or sometimes that it gets killed right away and then its buddies 
come after me anyway.  I'm probably missing some key element.

Another is using snare to split; again this has never worked for me: I 
snare a mob, run, it and its buddies pursue me, I FD... and it wanders 
off while its buddies stay with me for a while.  No matter how I've 
tried this, I always seem to end up unable to get up without either 
getting all the mobs, or none.  Someone could tag one of the mobs off me 
while I'm FD, because they are often far apart physically for a while, 
but I'd be unable to stand back up and tank, because the other mobs 
won't have forgotten me.  I guess this is workable when I'm not MT, 
perhaps its even better than having a monk do the job, since monks are 
better DPS than I am.

One plan I've developed that has worked, is to pull a mob with snare and 
sic my (taunt off) real pet (best one I have, not the smallest) on it 
while I run back to camp.  If I have an add, I fear it, then continue on 
to camp, backing my pet off the initial target.  The pet easily outruns 
the snared mob, I FD and the mob continues on to me because its now 
chasing my pet.  When the mob arrives at my pet, I stand back up and 
tank it; hopefully the add is far enough away to have forgotten me by 
the time fear wears off.  I tried this without the FD and didn't get 
that result, but it seems to work fairly well with it.  I can't help 
thinking that I could do better with this idea though.

So, I'm looking for more details on how an SK can function as a puller, 
and as to how the plans I've read about don't seem to be working for me.

Thoughts?

Berg, 57 SK, Combine


