From -4693011246833810340
X-Google-Thread: fb739,441629aba8e5b0f7,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews2.google.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 51: Tarlin and Taelosia
Date: 25 Aug 2004 07:37:29 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 262
Message-ID: <cgi879$4rg@odak26.prod.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: odak26.prod.google.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1093444650 19201 127.0.0.1 (25 Aug 2004 14:37:30 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 25 Aug 2004 14:37:30 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14600

Tales of Loral
Chapter 51: Tarlin and Taelosia

Loral knew pain. He had seen suffering and felt both physical and
emotional pain many times in his travels. None matched the pain he felt
when he saw his father.

Ciric had told Loral that his father was in a coma. Loral expected to
see his father prone, eyes closed, in deep sleep. What he saw was a man
in pure agony. Tarlin, his skin hanging loose over atrophied muscles
and bones, writhed on the bed. His mouth opened and closed in silent
screams. His eyes rolled back in his head as his head shook from side
to side. Loral always remembered his father as a tall proud elf, well
muscled and a head of thick blond hair. How his hair hung stringy and
loose and his body lay broken.

Tears rolled down Loral's face. He sat down next to Tarlin and put his
hand over his father's hand. He felt heat radiating off of him.
Tarlin's skin was yellow and glistening with sweat. Loral felt his
father's hand twist into a pained claw tearing at the bed. Loral closed
his eyes and whispered a prayer to Tunare. Warmth flowed through him
and he channeled it into Tarlin. It rolled off of the broken figure
like water over stone. His father's state did not change.

Loral heard a light rapping at the door and Ciric entered. Loral looked
to his mentor, his eyes begging for help from the old Eruidite.

"Heal him." Loral's voice cracked and fresh tears rolled down his
cheeks.

"My friend. Your skills far surpass my own but there is nothing you or
I can do for him." Ciric's spoke in a voice low and even. "He is not
sick." Loral looked dumbfounded. Ciric continued. "No poison flows
through his veins. No disease eats at his organs. There is nothing
physically wrong with him that four months of hot meals and exercise
would not solve. Something eats at his mind. His body and mind grew
used to Torment; as used to it as any mortal mind can. He faced horror
you and I cannot ever dream of."

"How can we heal him?" All of Loral's power and experience did nothing
to take away the helplessness he felt.

"We can feed him. We can keep him as comfortable as possible. We can
pray."

Loral looked at his longtime friend. A feeling of helpless rage burned
through him. He looked at the Erudite and spoke two words sharp and
powerful.

"Leave us."

Ciric turned to leave. He closed the door and Loral heard his sandals
on the hardwood floor of the small church. While Ciric understood
Loral's need for privacy, he did not understand that "us" meant "us
three".

You can speak to him can't you?

Loral opened his mind and closed his eyes. His mind expanded outward to
the edges of the room.

YES.

The word filled Loral's head with red fire. It was the voice of a
thousand mouths, a voice of a thousand years.

What do you see?

Laughter fell upon Loral sharp as glass and heavy as stone. Veins broke
out on Loral's forehead.

PAIN.

Channel me to him. Open his mind to me.

Silence greeted Loral's request. Loral felt the burning shield on his
back. He felt the thick burning presence of the demon-lord, Xuzl within
it. He could feel the burning green eyes tearing holes into his back.
The laughter came again.

The world exploded. Loral felt cold wind rip across his skin. A claw
dug into his neck. His vision turned outside of himself and he saw a
cloaked face, skin of blue and teeth like a shark. Red eyes flashed and
Loral felt a black jagged dagger rip through his chest. Blackness
filled his mind and he fell through the black stone floor under his
feet into a sea of blood. A world of blood awaited him. Huge muscular
arms covered in thick coarse hair picked him off of the ground, one of
Loral's arms in each huge three-fingered hand. He saw the face of a
huge tusked boar, black saliva dripping and death screaming in the
demon's eyes. The demon pulled his arms apart. Loral felt his muscles
rip in his chest and shoulders. He heard bones pop. He felt skin tear.
Loral screamed.

The morning sun and a chilled breeze awoke Loral. He sat up on a small
bed and saw his robes and boots on a chair in the corner of a small
room. Outside the sounds of Qeynos set a contrast from the horrors of
his visions. He dressed in the green robe and stepped out into the
halls of the church. Ciric waited for him at a wooden table, a meal
already prepared and waiting for the elven cleric.

"I don't know what happened to you but it knocked you unconscious for
two days." Ciric poured a cup of tea into a plain glass. "Whatever you
did, don't do it again."

"I had to try something." Loral's weak voice brought concern to Ciric's
eyes. "He had been there before." Loral sipped his tea and grimaced as
it burned down his throat. "To Hate, I mean. I saw it. Sometime during
the first battles of Kelethin, my father fought Innoruuk's hoards."
Loral fixed his firey blue eyes on his old teacher. "My father was a
demonslayer."

"I tried to help him but I could not. Saryn's torture-masters broke him
under their cloven hooves. I don't know if he will ever feel peace
again." Loral's head dipped. "Until he dies."

The words hung in the air. The implication made Ciric's shoulders sag.
He lifted a parchment sealed in black wax and handed it to Loral.

"This arrived for you yesterday. It came through the sewers." Loral
looked up at the tone in Ciric's voice. Both Loral and Ciric knew what
it meant. For years, rumors spoke of a cult of Bertoxxulous infesting
the sewers of Qeynos. Dark rites and the disappearances of children fed
these rumors to the people of Qeynos. "You have shady friends, Loral.
Be wary."

As a young acolite of Quellious, Ciric traveled by foot from Erudin to
Kaladim in a journey that took three weeks. He traveled over two
oceans, a half dozen forests, two mountain ranges, and dozens of open
planes. Two hundred years later, Loral made a similar journey in less
than an hour.

Loral's mind stretched across the webwork of power that fell over
Norrath like a net. Thin lines of ethereal magic stretched from the
cities to the hub of New Tanaan, a pocket universe in the center of the
Plane of Knowledge. Many of these thin lines crossed the hundreds of
miles between distant cities. One of these lines stretched far across
the skies to the moon of Luclin. Some lines, tainted with darkness and
filled with black poison, pierced through the thin fabric of Norrath's
world and into into the pits of the lower worlds.

The stones of Knowledge anchored the beams to the hub of Tanaan while
the books of Knowledge, material icons or metaphors of the vast
distance one traveled along the cords of etheria, anchored the thin
beams to the material worlds they connected. It was the line from
Qeynos to Tanaan and from Tanaan to Shadowhaven that Loral sought this
day.

Loral looked at the strange book and stone pillar that sat like a
splinter of another world through the green earth of Qeynos. He
imagined the thin lines stretching through a black universe of
emptiness, a void of chaos. Creatures beyond mortal comprehension
whispered within those voids, threatening to slice the cords and send
travelers into the waiting arms of a cold black hell. Loral remembered
a time not so long past when rumors spoke of the lines snapping. The
protective currents of the streams of knowledge snapped like threads.
Some awoke hours from their destinations. Some awoke buried half within
the earth, their organs burst and legs shattered from the earth and
stone around them. Some poor souls never returned at all. To travel in
the outer worlds risked the worst forms of death or banishment
imaginable.

These grim thoughts followed Loral as he approached Qeynos's book of
Knowledge. The book shimmered in front of him. He never liked using
these strange artifacts, but like all of Norrath's adventurers, they
quickly became too useful to pass up. He read a strange book describing
this planar travel, a book that described it in one word: Todash.

The otherworld word sat on his lips as he placed his hands on the book
and felt the world shift and shatter around him. The cord pulled and a
thousand miles passed by in seconds.

Minutes later, Loral arrived at the city of Shadowhaven deep within the
moon of Luclin.

It was quiet in Shadowhaven's most popular inn and tavern. The opening
of the paths to the outer worlds sent most stout adventurers away from
the mysterious lands of Luclin. Chairs sat upside down on the large
thick tables. Five or six patrons drank thick strange drinks after hard
battles in the nearby hostile caverns of Paludal. Their young age never
ceased to surprise Loral.

"I was never so young," Loral whispered to himself.

A single figure sat in the corner of the bar where the shadows grew
thickest. The figure pulled back a black hood revealing the smooth bald
head of a dark elf. The dark elf gave Loral a smile that made the
priest's skin crawl.

As he approached the dark elf, Loral became aware of how quiet it
became. It felt like a deep buzzing that quivered subconsciously in his
mind ceased to buzz. A clarity filled his mind.

The dark elf lifted one of his high soft leather boots and pushed a
char out with its pointed toe. Loral saw the short blade that hung low
from the rogue's wide leather belt and a pair of dagger hilts sat
comfortably in the tops of both boots.

"You look tired." The dark elf's low guttural voice sounded like the
hiss of a lizard preparing to strike a wounded animal.

"I've little time for chatter, Xarrak. What do you have for me?" Xarrak
stretched his arms behind his back and Loral saw two more daggers
strapped hilt downward on Xarrak's wrists. Loral imagined that the
rogue could send those two daggers twirling through the air before an
eye could blink.

"Much has happened in your soft elven kingdom. Mordin Rasp's agents
stretch far, even into the circle of the council." The thin rogue
tipped lightly back in his chair, balancing only on two of the thin
legs. "The Wayfarer's attention strayed from the five lost dungeons.
Mordin Rasp commissioned a marvelous ship, huge and expensive."

"How did he fund it?"

"A year ago Rasp stumbled upon Nagafen's lost hoard. It took him months
to extract it all but once he did he had enough for his network of
spies, his coven of magi, his five Wayfarer camps and the treasure they
reward to the hapless adventurers who follow this barbarian like cattle
to the slaughter. Now he uses it to fund this ship."

"What does he want?"

"The Wayfarers sail west. They found a new land, a land that sits
between worlds. There, a race of small elvish folk known as the
Taelosians fight a hoard of powerful out-worlders called the
Muramites."

Loral rolled his finger in the air beckoning the rogue to skip ahead.
Xarrak stopped speaking, letting the silence sit between them.

"He has the Grozmok stone."

Loral's eyes widened. A chill flowed throug his veins like ice water.
Visions of the stone's dark power filling the Trolls of Grobb with
their dark powers, twisting the Frogloks of Guk into horrible
malformations of their once noble selves, and breaking open the pits of
vampires that now infested Faydwer like an infected wound. The stone
was responsible for death and destruction and horror for a thousand
years. And now it was in Mordin Rasp's hands.

"Where." The word slipped out of Loral's mouth in a low whisper. Xarrak
smiled. The rogue sat silent until Loral's patience was at an end. Just
before the cleric exploded in rage, Xarrak spoke.

"On the ship. Rasp uses it to find these new lands."

"The fool!" Loral's shout sent the few eyes of the tavern his way and
he quieted.

"The stone should be broken apart and scattered across the pits of the
lower worlds. It is an artifact of evil for evil. The barbarian will
bring ruin on us all." Loral's shoulders sank. "Who knows what horrors
lurk in those dark lands, horrors awakening to the stone's dark wail."

"Indeed." The dark elf slipped a long fingered hand towards Loral, a
folded parchment magically appearing from the shadows of his palm.
"Your orders from the church. I took the liberty of bringing them
myself. Those messengers of Felwithe are born into incompetence.

"And what do the orders say?"
"You will travel west with Rasp's crew. You will travel to Taelosia."



