From -2230007728868669299
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6703d4c21079d8b4
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-22 12:05:50 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-xit-08!supernews.com!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!news.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 22 May 2003 14:06:02 -0500
From: "Shipwreck" <no@nohow.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <e036c6ca.0305220947.146b3273@posting.google.com>
Subject: Re: Advice for First-Time Player
Date: Thu, 22 May 2003 14:08:17 -0500
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Message-ID: <ePGcnVwK74IHglCjXTWcog@giganews.com>
Lines: 112
X-Trace: sv3-621cbhX18dzd/c5Ucq8a54AnAEKZ2EuSIbTUZ6d0gqoxTWKqqZcE2JyR2akWoUECmcchVRg4WljIjie!o3i2hWclcWuR6mcIsT61ETXOS9cdQO+dKBFpppVb6ME6rC1PKx468fTKDSI=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:284066


"Zom Zom" <zomzoms@hotmail.com> wrote in message
news:e036c6ca.0305220947.146b3273@posting.google.com...
> I just purchased EQ Trilogy and SoL on Amazon and am awaiting arrival.
>  My only other MMORPG experience has been two months playing AC2.  And
> I've completed the main quest of the single-player Morrowind.  I've
> enjoyed both of these and thought I'd see what EQ was all about.  Any
> advice?  Should I install all the packs immediately or wait until I've
> leveled up a bit?

1st piece of advice...REMAP THE AUTO-ATTACK KEY.

Before you do ANYTHING else in the game, REMAP THE AUTOATTACK KEY.

now that you've remapped that autoattack key....(just go into Options while
ingame).  I have mine set to the Tilde (~) key.

ok.  Starting off....head to eq.crgaming.com as has already been suggested
and read throught the classes.  Pick one that appeals to you as there is NO
"all-powerful" class.  Each has a strength and each has a weakness.
Depending on your personal playstyle, there are classes better suited for
things (like Druids, Necros or Wizards for soloing).  One piece of advice
here: THE WORLD DOES NOT NEED ANOTHER HALFLING DRUID.  People will already
dislike you if you choose this combo.  It is just a fact.  Why?  bacuase
Halflings level faster than other races, and Druids can solo their entire
career and some of the worst (read dumbass, Kill Stealing, clueless twits)
play halfling druids.  Frequent Kill Stealers and all around idiots. Not ALL
are like that mind you, but there are quite a few.

You won't group until you get near 10 no matter what class/race you choose.
There really is no need, and you can level to 10 pretty fast on your own.

There is no miracle or "get rich quick" way to get cash.  best advice: loot
EVERYTHING, and sell it.  Check http://everquest.allakhazam.com for
infomation on quests.  most classes/races have starting armor quests.  The
one secret I will tell you (and it's fairly comon knowledge) is that if you
want money, save EVERY spiderling silk and High Quality/Low Quality bear
pelt/skin you find.  (save all pelts actually) and sell them in the bazaar.
You can either sell the individual components or make items with it.

Not all high level players are snobs.  Not all low level players are gimps.

Warrior might be best class to play initially until you get familiar with
the interface and basic game mechanics.  You first character will probably
be deleted after a few levels. all good races can walk freely into all other
good cities PROVIDED YOU DO NOT WORSHIP AN EVIL DEITY (such as Innoruuk).

It's a safe bet (but not completely true, there are a couple of exceptions
to this next rule) that if you play an evil race, you will be Killed On
Sight (KoS) to all good guards/NPCs.  Iksar are KoS everywhere but Cabilis.

SoW - Spirit of Wolf.  Makes you Run Faster (Shaman, Druids, Rangers can
cast, and IIRC, Beastlords)
KEI or C3 - Koadics Endless Intellect - FAST Mana regeneration spells for
casters.

Priest Classes and Hybrids (Shaman, Druid, Cleric, Paladin, Ranger,
Beastlord) use WIS for their mana pool.  Shaman, Druid and Cleric should put
ALL starting points into Wisdom, then allocate the last 5 into another
stat.(usuall STA or STR).

Wizards, Enchanters, NEcromancers, Magicians and Shadow Knights use INT for
their mana pools.  all but SK should dump all bonus points into INT, usually
rest into Strength.

Put your first 5 training points into your weapon skill (ie, if you start
with a club, put 5 points into 1 hand blunt).  Some will argue 4 into
weapon, 1 into Sense Heading.  up to you.

Servers.  Stromm is the newest, and EVERY character on there had to start
from scratch.  meaning there were no character transfers to that server from
older servers.  Servers with ZEK in the title are Player vs Player.  on
other servers PKing (player Killing) is not allowed unless you enter an
arena or do a quest to enable PVP (do not do this quest, others will NOT be
able to help you if you do).

learn how to use the /loc command, because when you die, if you know your
/loc, it's easier to find your corpse.

DON'T name your character something STUPID like (and these are ACTUAL NAMES
that I saw ingame) Namethistune, Tastesomeofthis, Yourmoma (last name
Takescareofyou).  I refuse to help twits that can't be original and come up
with a decent name for their character.  Clever is one thing, but shit like
above is inexcusable.  IE, Namethistune shouts Can someone kill XXX mob?
(this actually happened), I ignored the request, even though I could have
done it easily.  Had Sheeva shouted Can someone kill XXXmob, I'd have done
it without a second thought.  Same goes for drive-by buffs/heals/twinks.
choice between Sheeva and Tastesomeofthis....Sheeva will get the gear I give
away every time.  if I get a direct /tell from above nitwits, I will tell
reply to them in a rather unfriendly manner and let them know WHY.  Also, I
would pass them up for groups in a heartbeat.  ok, enough on that. Oh, also
don't be a wad and use a clever spelling of Gandalf, Merlin, Legolas, gimli
or any other well known fantasy character.

Twink = high level player giving a low level player gear that the low level
could NEVER have gotten on their own.  basically a twink is a character
who's gear makes them way too powerful for their level or gives them a very
distinct advantage.

Most classes have a message board or website dedicated to the class.
example is bards have www.eqdiva.com

on your first character, learn to play and have fun.  when you get the
basics down, if you want to pick up another character then do so.

Main - the main character a person uses, an Alt is a secondary character
that a person plays on occasion.

above all, HAVE FUN.





