From 7968027786012798113
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d4efc0d68f274adc
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-21 13:10:15 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!howland.erols.net!feed2.news.rcn.net!rcn!newsfeed1.earthlink.net!newsfeed2.earthlink.net!newsfeed.earthlink.net!news.mindspring.net!not-for-mail
From: Marc Fuller <katoran@mindspring.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Elemental question
Date: Thu, 21 Jun 2001 13:12:50 -0700
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Lines: 189
Message-ID: <3B325542.77F91BA3@mindspring.com>
References: <20010620191840.16859.00000619@ng-fo1.aol.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: a5.79.26.41
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Server-Date: 21 Jun 2001 20:09:51 GMT
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.72 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en,ja,zh
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:87767

Alexander Mars wrote:
> 
> I just started a magician and was wondering what the thoughts were from
> experienced summoners on the merits of the various elementals.
> 

Earth pets have lots of hitpoints.  Lots and lots, especially at the higher
levels.  Unfortunately, they also have the agility of a brick.  Anything
that swings at them will probably hit them, so they tend to use up those
hitpoints fairly fast.  Also, they come with the ability to Root things. 
If you're fighting creatures that battle to the death, this probably isn't
a big deal, but if you are fighting something that will turn and flee (or
have a caster that can Fear it) the Root will cause it to turn and fight
instead.  Earth pets tend to get the most mileage out of a Magician's
damage shield spells, since they have lots of health and get hit so much. 
Their large stores of health also make the pet healing spells seem less
effective on them than for other types of elemental.  (It's not really.  It
heals the exact same amount of health on an Earth pet as a Fire pet.  It's
just that the amount healed may be half the total life of a Fire pet, where
it barely shows on an Earth.)  

I use Earth pets when I solo, since the Root helps distract things so I can
blast them again.  Groups tend to dislike them, especially if there is a
Druid or Necro, because Earth Root tends to cancel the benefits of Snare or
the Darkness spells.  Also, as far as I know, they are the only elemental
that doesn't get extra hitpoints when summoned with a Focus.  However, the
Focus does improve them, as Focused pets are noticeably more powerful than
unfocused pets.  (I'm not certain exactly what the focus does do for them,
unfortunately.)


Water pets are the balanced pets.  They have the second best hit points of
the elementals, and they seem to have a high resistance to poison and
cold.  (I've never seen one get poisoned, at any rate.)  They cast an
ice-based DD spell that does decent damage, and they tend to cast it during
a chase if the monster is fleeing.  Other than their resistances and
elemental attack, they don't have any signifigant strenghts or weaknesses. 
They make good pets in groups, since they have the health to tank if they
have to, and their DD can occaisionally help stop runners outdoors. 
(Indoors, you're probably better off telling your pet to back off.)

Water pets summoned with a Focus get increased health, among other
benifits, giving them nearly the health of normal Earth pets.


Air pets are good in dungeons, and against anything that casts spells. 
Their elemental attack does no damage at all, as far as I know, but it can
stun NPCs for two or three seconds, interrupting their spellcasting and
preventing them from attacking.  When they aren't fighting, they generally
try to turn themselves invisible, which can go a long way towards reducing
some of the drawbacks of having a pet in a dungeon.  (Mainly that the
wandering green trash has a tendancy to take swipes at your pet, even if
the thought of attacking you yourself would cause it to die of a heart
attack.)  Be sure to have See Invisible on yourself though, and make sure
the pet is parked where you want it to be inbetween battles.  Sometimes the
air pets will forget to cast Invisibility on themselves for quite a while,
and because of one of the relatively recent patches, you can no longer cast
Invisibility on your pets.  Air pets have less hit points than Earth or
Water, but more than Fire.  They have the highest Agility, but I've never
noticed that it makes much real difference in how often they get hit.  Air
pets are a good compromise pet, for those groups that aren't really sure
whether they like the idea of having a pet in a dungeon, and air pets are
very effective against other casters.

Focused Air pets have about the same health as normal Water pets.


Fire pets are kind of specialized.  They make great pets in groups, but
they are almost useless if you're soloing anything you can get experience
from.  They cast a fire-based DD, and they have a damage shield that does
their level + 1 in damage.  (You'll be unable to cast damage shields on any
Fire pet after level 12 or so, since their shield is much, much more
powerful than yours.)  Their main drawback is that their health is
abyssmal.  Even at level 39, I'm fairly certain that my Fire pets have
roughly the same amount of hit points as my character.  Thus, they'll do
obscene damage to anything that hits them, but they tend to vanish after
the third or fourth attack.  However, they are effective in groups, where
they don't have to be the main tank.  They are also excellent for dealing
with green-con trash, and for squashing peons like low level Orcs for
faction.

Fire pets summoned with a Focus get the health of a normal Air pet.  While
this still isn't great, it does mean that they don't vaporize the first
time an NPC breathes on them.


All four types of elemental get additional abilities as you progress to the
more powerful summoning spells.  Once they "earn" an ability, any of the
stronger versions will also have that ability.  The strongest pets from the
level 12 spell can hit magical creatures with their bare fists.  At around
level 24, some of them may have the ability to dual wield.  At level 39,
they can all dual wield.  At some point (I'm not sure when) they also begin
to double attack.

One drawback to the elementals (although a minor one) is that they always
look pretty much like what you summoned at level 4.  Necromancer pets get
taller, then get different textures.  You can tell just by looking at the
pet what general level range a Necromancer is.  Elementals just get
bigger.  They grow a little with each new version clear up to level 49. 
And from level 29, the Focus items also increase their size.  A level 39
Earth pet summoned with its Focus is actually slightly taller than a Dark
Elf.  In some of the narrower dungeon areas, such as Befallen or Guk, they
can actually block off doors (but only for PCs.  NPCs just walk right
through them.)  I've heard that the Focused level 49 pets are huge, and the
Magician Epic effect, the Lord of Elements pet, is gargantuan.  While this
looks quite impressive outdoors, it does present certain problems in
dungeons.  Especially the Lord of Elements, which looks big enough to block
off entire rooms in the pictures I've seen.  Also, the larger pets tend to
get stuck, just like Ogres or Trolls.  Only, since they're pets, they tend
to do wierd and unpredictable things when that happens, rather than just
sitting and being quietly stuck.  Dungeon crawling with someone who can
cast Shrink is strongly recommended.

Also, once you pass level 50, the pets change radically.  Earth pets become
full-fledged Warriors, with Dual Wield, Double Attack, Riposte, and
probably Disarm as well.  They also get something like the Druid version of
Root, which does a small amount of damage.  I've heard their health goes
right off the scale.  Water pets become Rogues, complete with the abililty
to Backstab.  Fire pets lose their awesomely powerful Fire Elemental Aura,
and become what amounts to a level 39 pocket-Wizard.  Complete with
ridiculously low health, even by Fire Elemental standards.  For a while, it
was thought that the post-50 Air pets were Monks, but it appears that they
just get better skill at dual wield and double attack.  They still cast
their Stun and Invisibility spells.


And as far as the "wierd" pets, Magicians also get several other things
they can summon.  A few of these don't show up until after level 50,
however.

Eye of Zomm.  Once, long ago, this was a useful scouting and pulling
spell.  However, due to a rather interesting bug, Verant changed the Eye so
that you can't cast it if you already have a pet.  (And vice versa.)  At
the moment, it's mostly only useful for annoying people while you wait for
boats, for summoning instant Trains of Death, and for looking around for
KOS NPCs when you enter a new section of a city.  (Stand at the zone and
send out the eye.  If something kills it, leave.  Don't do this in
dungeons, the Eye is a level 1 pet, and even Decaying Skeletons
occaisionally take a swipe at it.)  The upgrade to this spell appears to be
Eye of Tallon, which comes with built-in Telescopic Sight and is naturally
invisible.  However, it's still probably only useful for scouting in areas
where it is unlikely anything would normally attack you.

Monster Summoning - This spell creates a pet that may or may not be able to
cast one of the spells available to the other Elementals.  It also makes it
look like something that lives in your current zone.  For example, in North
Ro, you can get spiders, snakes, armidillos, and very rarely, a Sand
Giant.  It won't give you a pet that looks like anything Undead, nor will
it allow you to summon any of the PC races.  You can't summon any critters
that look like another class pet (no wolves, skeletons or bears.)  There
are also a few other monster types that aren't allowed, such as Kerrans and
possibly Frogloks.  Summoned Monsters don't appear to be affected by the
Focus items, regardless of what type of spell they might use.  And they
will only cast one type of spell, if they use any at all.  (For example, a
monster pet that uses the Fire pet's DD will not fire shield itself.  And a
pet that turns invisible will not be able to use the Air Pet Stun spell.)

Rage of Zomm  - This looks like an Earth pet, and hits very hard, but only
has around 200 hitpoints.  It must be cast on a target, and it kills itself
as soon as the target is dead.   As near as I can tell, it is for all
intents and purposes a melee-based DOT spell, to give Magicians an option
besides damage shields on the party tanks for attacking a mob with 100%
resistance to spells.

Dyzil's Deafening Decoy - Sort of a variant Fire pet.  It casts a very
short ranged AoE spell with a very high taunt factor (but apparently very
little damage.)  It's a specialty pet, and I don't imagine Enchanters would
like it at all due to its tendancy to thwart any attempt to Mez the mobs. 
However, from experience with summoned monsters that cast this spell, it's
great for wiping out super-green hall and lawn trash.  I had a blast
turning a Decoy snake loose in Blackburrow.  You could tell exactly where
the pet had gone by following the trail of dead Gnolls.  (It aggro'd every
gnoll it passed, and since it was only about 15 levels higher than most of
them, it stomped them into the floor.)

> If you could only learn one type of elemental, which would it be?
> 

If I could only have one pet, for grouping and soloing?  Probably a Water
pet.  Be aware though, that as you get to higher levels, you can't buy all
the pets.  From level 16 on, you can only buy one or two, and the available
pet is different each level.  At one level, you might get Water, then the
next batch you get Air, then Earth and Water, then Air and Fire, and so
on.  If you want the others, you'll have to Research it, or pay for the
spell from someone who has.  You can buy all the level 16 and 20 pets from
the High Elf merchant in OOT, but after that, if you don't see it in your
local vendor, you'll have to make it yourself.

Marc Fuller


