From 3563948979091165267
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9a5eb0af248aefde,start
X-Google-Thread: fe8e7,9a5eb0af248aefde,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gidfe8e7,domainid0,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Newsgroups: alt.games.ultima.online, alt.games.everquest, ba.food, rec.backcountry
Subject: bizbee eulogy
From: il128@my-deja.com (il128)
Organization: N/A
Message-ID: <9B6FBA2F7il128aolcom@194.177.98.144>
User-Agent: Xnews/03.08.28
Followup-To: alt.test
NNTP-Posting-Host: $$-hwhol$sonwr5.news.x-privat.org
Date: 10 Dec 2008 01:47:03 +0100
Lines: 69
X-Authenticated-User: $$tpezu1q64zd_uczbewj-e-pml
X-Complaints-To: abuse@x-privat.org
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!feeder.news-service.com!news2.euro.net!newsfeed.freenet.de!x-privat.org!not-for-mail
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:379 ba.food:6442 rec.backcountry:4529

I am here to announce the passing of one Ron A. Green, A.K.A. bizbee.   He 
died in May of 2007.  His death can be verified at http://www.footnote.com 
if you so desire which, I doubt you would care enough to do so.

I am posting this not out of love or respect for bizbee.  I'm posting this 
because I hated that mother fucker bizbee.  It is with great joy that I 
will, sip this cheap ass Bud Light and take a deep drag off of my freshly 
lit Camel straight and press send on Xnews.  Like Mr. Spock's coffin, I 
launch this usenet posting to four groups evil old bizbee posted to when he 
was alive.  

I met bizbee the fall of 1999 in a newsgroup called alt.games.everquest.  
You see I had been cheerfully posting in alt.games.everquest for months 
with no problems and then HE showed up.  I'd make a post and there bizbee 
would be, calling me a "moron", "a lifeless loser" telling me to "kill 
myself"...  Before long bizbee had created a series of alts to poke and 
prod the newsgroup with, until alt.games.everquest should have been named 
alt.bizbee.and.his.alts.

Oh but it wasn't enough for bizbee to be running roughshod over the 
newsgroup.  The mother fucker would create anonymous posts calling himself 
out, using remailing services and then blame who ever he was arguing with 
at the time for the "egregious" anonymous post. This happened in every 
newsgroup bizbee frequented.  

Bizbee was the kind of man who'd brag over Usenet about spitting in 
people's food, putting eye drops in people's water and calling other people 
"pussies" on a whim.

You see, bizbee was a lifeless dick.  A real tool.  A douche bag of epic 
proportions.  He was hated by nearly all and loved only by his alts.  He'd 
have Usenet conversations with himself for days on end.  

Yes, alt.games.everquest, alt.games.ultima.online, ba.food, and 
rec.backcountry I have gotten the last word on bizbee.  I have won.  
Bizbee,you are dead.  The greatest ass to ever live has died, kicked the 
bucket, bit the big one, cashed in his chips, drank his last drink, gone 
cold, taken the big dirt nap, done his formaldehyde shot, stopped stealing 
my air, went the way of the open circuit, become worm food, finally shut 
the fuck up.  The world is officially a better place. 

Bizbee, if I could find your grave I'd gladly piss on it while singing my 
special "bizbee" version of "Joy to the World".  I can think of no better 
Christmas present than your death.   Thank you for dieing bizbee.  Thank 
you so very fucking much.  I hope your death bizbee was slow and painful.  
I'm sure it was.  Karma is a real bitch. 

Speaking of Karma, I'm absolutely sure bizbee is burning in Hell.  He 
deserved it.

Let it be known forever and ever it was not a friend or a loved one who 
bothered to tell the NNTP world Ron lived in of his demise.  No.  The only 
one who cared enough to even notice you were dead Ron was someone who hated 
you.  

A yearly reminder placed in a Palm hand held was all the effort given to 
your fucking existence Ron.     Hell, it took me 18 months to figure out I 
needed to check and see if you were dead.  No one else cared then or cares 
now.  

So here it goes bizbee.  There's no ex noarchive on this Usenet post.  This 
fucking post is your legacy on Usenet, Ron A. Green/bizbee.  All those 
wonderful slights you made at so many good people, gone.  This will remain.  
Oh, how you thought so very highly of Usenet Ron and visa via of yourself.   

Well, this is it buddy boy.  Here's your one and only eulogy resting on the 
bottom of a near lifeless and soon to be extinct Usenet, its words rotting 
away with the spam, unanswered, and forgotten.  Just like you bizbee.  Just 
like you.  


