From -5497926968925607698
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,81991a5eaeb56951
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-03-17 06:44:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!nntp.itservices.ubc.ca!cyclone.bc.net!sjc70.webusenet.com!news.webusenet.com!pd2nf1so.cg.shawcable.net!residential.shaw.ca!news2.calgary.shaw.ca.POSTED!not-for-mail
X-Trace-PostClient-IP: 24.85.130.25
From: Ben Sisson <ilkhanikeDIESPAM@yahoo.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Kuloth's little Guild That Could
Message-ID: <e2nb7vsc2dmngdvok8n99gr1kh37nj0u84@4ax.com>
References: <wVjda.11$j97.7789@nsw.nnrp.telstra.net>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.553
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 141
Date: Mon, 17 Mar 2003 14:44:41 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.66.94.143
X-Complaints-To: abuse@shaw.ca
X-Trace: news2.calgary.shaw.ca 1047912281 24.66.94.143 (Mon, 17 Mar 2003 07:44:41 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 17 Mar 2003 07:44:41 MST
Organization: Shaw Residential Internet
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:271771

From the shadows, the mysterious "James Hicks"
<jhicks@hiddenmail.nyer> (if that IS his real name) conspiratorially
whispered:

>Where do you take 1 full 50's group, a 40's group and a whole bunch of 30's?
>
>Mistmoore sprang to mind, apparently, so we set a date and I looked forward
>to it with trepidation and something approaching sexual arousal.

Well, really you should have picked a target that actually has... a
target. There's no bosses in Mistmoore. (not anymore at least. :-p )

The first thing that popped into my mind for a decent target for that
kind of group - the fire giants in SolB. Of course there's a chance
they are all dead, their respawn is... is it eight hours? Something
like that. But that's where those of us who were raiding early in EQ
went to start things out.


>Despite being an unforgiveable 15 minutes late (shocking for an officer
>methinks), I was given a slight reprieve in that the designated Raid Leader
>didn't come online until about half an hour after that, and that the last
>member of the guild to turn up didn't arrive until about an hour after the
>actual raid began.

Everyone thinks that no one will miss them if they are a bit late. But
when everyone thinks that, then everyone is a bit late. This gets
annoying after a while. :-p


>"Let's go" says leader, and I follow him towards some mobs, which agro him
>and promptly get plastered all over the walls. Strangely none of the 30's
>complain about this, possibly because they and about 80% of the raid almost
>immediately get lost after the leader rounds the second bend. This includes
>me, as I turn to finish a fight, turn about and woof, gone is the leader and
>I am surrounded by my directionless guildies.

If it makes you feel any better, this actually describes a lot more
guilds than many of the self styled uber would like to admit. In
practice, in a raiding guild there's only actually about a dozen
people who actually have any clue what they're doing or why they're
doing it, the rest are there to blindly follow the guildleader
wherever he goes, hit their assist button, spam their heal key, or
click on their nuke gem when they're told to, and wait for their
attendance, participation, and good behavior to warrant them some
loot. Besides the raid leader the MT and backup tanks generally know
what they're doing, and most clerics have to have a clue, and
generally whoever is doing the pulling/tagging. No one else is
required to have any expertise at all and it often shows (druids
tending to be the worst offenders of all).

You could put a bunch of L60s or 65s in that situation and many of
them would do the same thing, especially if they're the New Uber types
who are only at the high levels because if you spend enough time
playing you have to get there eventually. People are morons.


>I nod sagely and we continue pulls. Well... The last time we went to
>Mistmoore was for our Shammy's epic (he's 51 and eventually turned up and
>joined the 50's group, much to my delight... gotta love HoS and Haste
>(HoSaH!)), and I have to say we didn't progress as far into the castle,
>although we did kill a higher nubmer of mobs and given the number of lower
>level characters about it would probably have made a bit of a mess. As it
>was we only had a few deaths (our 41 cleric died twice, the 56 warrior
>managed to buy it once or twice and one of the 30's fell off the cliff and
>fought bravely but briefly at the bottom against some personal adds)

You'd never be able to match my greatest memory of Mistmoore, and
coincidentally the biggest mess I've ever seen, because I was the
cause of it... and I was supposed to be. :-)

It was back in my second guiding stint. Normally GM events are low key
affairs with crappy loot - those are the ones that the guides run and
they represent about 98% of EQ's GM events.

This one was different, though. One of the people working for Sony (a
full GM, not a server GM or guide) wanted to run a combat event in
Mistmoore. We're talking five of us absolutely jacked with hp and
buffs (including a badass damage shield), and including decent loot
too (the keypiece being an RBB, valuable even today).

Mistmoore only had six or so people in it when we arrived and set up,
one of them threeboxing. We were set loose and told to make sure the
players knew something unusual was up. I attacked the threeboxer,
causing him to run two of his characters out (mobs got the third).
Another guide attacked the players at the entrance. The goal wasn't to
kill them, but to drive them out and make them want to come back.

Well come back they did. That was the first time I'd ever seen
Mistmoore clear 150 players, most of whom were in the 50-60 range.

It was awesome. First as everyone was coming, they gathered at the
entrance. When you're playing in an event, the guides are encouraged
not to go near the entrance because zoning strips you of your illusion
(this may be different now) and you can't get it back. But they were
all just hanging around there, so we staged some hit and run attacks
on it, just to raise some chaos and keep the players off balance.

Well eventually the players had worked up their courage (when there's
over 150 of you you tend to get brave) and after one of those attacks,
they tore off after us.

That's when the REAL fun began. As you noticed in your raid,
everything in MM is aggro on you no matter how green it is. Well
picture a running fight of 20-50 (it changed as people got lost etc)
vs 1 where the 1 would stand and fight until there were just too many
people attacking, at which point I would fall back a certain distance
and make another stand. All the while every mob within aggro range is
adding into the fight. This led to what has come the closest I've ever
seen to an army of players fighting an army of mobs all at once. Of
course the players were much stronger than the mobs, but there were so
many mobs they couldn't help but to get hurt eventually. Also my
damage shield was so horrific rogues and rangers and anyone else using
fast weapons had to back off to get heals or they'd kill themselves
hitting me. And remember, I wasn't the only GM controlled mob running
around, players were chasing the others as well, though not all of the
GMs had a good time of it (one lagged out as I recall, another had
only gimp shaman spells and was effectively useless. :-p )

By the end of that event - which was one of the best received events
on that server - it had lasted about two hours, the first hour been
the buildup, then half an hour of back and forth near the entrance,
then a half hour long chase through the whole castle, tower, basement,
graveyard, ramp etc about three times. I parsed the log afterwards;
one rogue had done over twenty thousand damage to me by *himself*, and
there were a number in the 2-10 thousand range.

Man that was fun. The good old days. :-)




-- 

Ben Sisson

"Blood is red, bruises are blue
When strangers come here, we run them through!
HARG! HARG! HARG!"

-The Thraddash, Star Control 2


