From -4055834471496720502
X-Google-Thread: fb739,70628904fbb9ba79,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 28 Oct 2006 07:22:33 -0500
Date: Sat, 28 Oct 2006 08:22:29 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: pulling, a confession
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <S7adnenCTLQU1t7YnZ2dnUVZ_ridnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 180
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.56.171
X-Trace: sv3-QA0FnuEZ3kIiQ2qZbpBAGJJKFpDoWr9WJOZuCXcE+Dp3nWgS9rbrRSrGxK6j8+ABPs72Zj/oVnlH4eE!jGuAt6oqmV46YM7xp2OvQiYACVIegn6IoBO37GkFgjjIMxh1D9sY/fR43kNAwZh8SevoVaWEjGTT!eYm39aNdVwE=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:4383

Pulling

I know, I've been an SK on combine for months, and been playing EQ since 
before ROK came out, surely I know how to pull?

Well, no, honestly, not till yesterday did I ever really pull anything 
FD style.

I've pulled in the same way I did with my mage, sending a pet or with a 
nuke, relying on knowledge of social aggro and so on to get one or two 
mobs... only advantage was if I really didn't like the pull, I could FD 
to get out of it.

I've pulled like my warrior did, with a bow and hope for the best.

Didn't pull in any way similar to the years of pulling I did with my 
cleric or bard, no pacify in my kit bag as an SK after all.

It always seemed I was travelling with a monk or a cleric or even a very 
skilled ranger, on those occaisions where real pulling was called for. 
When raiding, I'm frequently MT or ST or main Offtank, and am happy to 
let the pulling team work their magic.

A couple months ago, I tried using combinations of FD and snare and pet 
to do some pulling, and never had any luck with them at all.  Mobs would 
NOT split up; I could use FD to abort a pull completely, but not to 
actually turn a multiple pull into a single pull.

Well, I got pet pulling figured out, with help from people on AGE, a day 
or two before they nerfed it, but never put it to any practical use, 
just tried it to see if I had it down even though it was going away.

Other posts here on AGE gave me the skinny on why I wasn't having any 
luck with snare... but I've literally had no call to find out till last 
night.

For no particular reason, I was soloing the entrance mobs in the Deep 
when some guildmates decided to join me.  Eventually we had a cleric, 
warrior, two rangers, a mage, and my SK; yeah, no haste, and the only 
slow was proc from one of the rangers.  More to the point though, no 
monks, an indoor zone so the rangers couldn't use harmony, and the 
cleric had not bought his pacify line spells!  OK, its a bot cleric, but 
to me, one of the best things about the class was when they fixed lull.

Anyway, that left little old me as nominal puller.

In the past, I'd pull a couple mobs, snare one, FD... and they both 
would hang out with me and then both go back together.

However, armed now with AGE old wisdom, I changed one thing; the snare.

I'm a level 60 SK, I have four different snares I can use.  All are 
DOTs, however the damage they do is pretty much inconsequential 
proportionate to the target I'm casting on.  All seem to have about the 
same taunt factor, all stop runners.  The higher level snares, though, 
take longer to cast and cost more mana.  Worse, for pulling purposes, 
the higher level snares slow the mob's run speed down more than the low 
level ones; I want my pull to arrive sometime this century, so naturally 
I prefer the lower level snare.  Whats not to love?  Other than the 
short duration, but since I'll be casting it several more times simply 
in order to help maintain aggro, duration isn't really an issue.  In 
fact, its a blessing when I want it to wear off so FD finishes resetting 
  the mobs and I can try again, right?

Clinging Darkness all the way.

I'd occaisional use for Engulfing Darkness, when I got it; although it's 
a mana hog, it does last longer and slows the mob down more, so for fear 
kiting, or even aggro kiting, it was sometimes worth memming, usually in 
addition to the workhorse Clinging Darkness.

I heard somewhere that you have to use the higher level snare for FD 
splitting, so I tried it out.  Yea, with Engulfing the mob returns to 
his spawn site slightly slower than his buddy, and if you time it just 
right and they've seperated significantly, sometimes he'll return 
alone... but more often than not he's so close to his buddy that his 
buddy social aggroes even if he's reset.  You need good timing and a lot 
of room and a good view of the spawn site for this to work.  Gave up on 
it, as those situations are rarely an issue anyway

Here I was though, close quarters, multiple mobs, no pacify... what to do?

Well, armed with my knowledge from AGE, I had the likely answer; despite 
the fact that when I got it, Engulfing Darkness was my higher level 
snare, its really considered another baby snare, and for the most part 
useless; Clinging is best for normal fights for the reasons I outline 
above, and Engulfing doesn't slow enough to be useful for pulling.

Dooming Darkness, though, different story.  Pull with Dooming Darkness, 
and there's a noticable difference in the speed at which the two mobs 
run for you.  FD, and the Dooming Darkness mob stands still; doesn't 
saunter slowly back (engulfing) or walk back with barely a hitch in his 
stride (clinging), no, he stops, still.  Stands there.  Until the snare 
wears off he doesn't move an inch.

This means you can wait for the adds to go back to their spawn sites and 
reset, then stand up, get instant aggro off him since he's still snared, 
and he'll follow you to the group, no problem.

Or, if you only got one add and the group doesn't need you to kill him, 
they can probably tag the add, Dooming slowed your target down so much 
on incoming that he's probably out of social aggro range.

So, now armed with actual pulling tools, I proceded to get into the job 
with a vengeance.  I learned a few more things.

One, FD Fails, usually when it will hurt the most.  I'm not talking 
Fizzle, I'm talking Falls to the ground.  You're lying there and the 
mobs are beating on you and joking about how they can still see you 
breathing.   A fast finger on sit, to stand back up, is important, as is 
watching the chat box where the Falls to the Ground message will show up.

Two, casters suck.  A lot.  If they start casting a spell at you, and 
you FD, the mobs will all forget you and start to walk away... but when 
the spell lands on you, it breaks your FD and they're back on you. 
Again, stand up and deal with it.

Three because of one and two, Death Peace, a fairly useless seeming 
spell I got about a month back, is incredibly useful and should be kept 
memmed at all times while on pulling duty.  Its a second FD, costing 
more mana and a second of my valuable 8 spell slots, I'd never mem it 
instead of FD... but on pulling duty, it means I can FD again almost 
instantly instead of waiting for FD to recycle.

On many occaisions, pulling multiple casters, I ended up casting FD, DP, 
FD, DP before getting one to stick.

Four I also used RD to split sometimes in that circumstance.  Not 
voluntarily, but sometimes I'd die while trying to get FD to work... and 
as long as I'd stuck Dooming Darkness to my target, this third "FD" 
worked very well indeed.  Real mana hog though, I don't reccomend it.

Five which is where my final surprise tool came in handy.  I know most 
SK don't keep this spell memmed, or even own it, but as a former cleric, 
I keep Harmshield up at all times.  Its like DA, but with a much faster 
recycle time, and I got so used to being able to ditch most aggro and 
run thru situations that would tear apart a real tank, as a cleric, that 
I can't let it go as an SK.

On several occaisions, I was getting too beat down by multiple casters 
to pull of an FD... but unlike FD, HS doesn't break if a caster lands a 
spell on you... which in fact he won't, as you're invulnerable.  And 
you're still mobile.

Assuming you've tried FD/DP a couple times already, your mobs have 
probably caught up with you by now.  Pop HS and run BACK toward the 
spawn site.  Seems crazy I know.  But your Dooming Darkness mob is still 
walking slowly, so you can split them up as they try to follow and beat 
on your invulnerable hide.  Get them far enough apart and your buddies 
can tag your original, snared, target.  Meanwhile, you've now got one 
fewer caster slapping you around, better odds of getting that FD to 
work.  And since you're closer to the spawn site, they'll reset faster. 
  Win Win.

Just don't get too close, as there's a significant chance, if you're 
desperate enough to use the HS tactic, that when HS drops, you won't get 
FD to work and you'll end up dead anyway.  Have to be far enough out so 
your buddies can drag your sorry butt back to camp and rez without 
aggroing the adds.

Am I an expert now?  Hardly.  Just starting out.  And I've come to the 
practice shockingly late in my career.  I can already think of some 
things that would help; lots of regen, even a HOT, for that HS trick, 
for example.  I do have Stalking Probes, will have to experiment with 
those for tough pulls... I wonder if I can operate one while FD?  I also 
can't help but think the pet can still be useful for pulling, because I 
could use it to aggro while out of line of sight, which should prevent 
casters from starting in on me, depending on terrain and my use of it 
(indoors, of course, outdoors casters don't seem to care much about walls)

But I'd like to get good, and I think there's a lot of potential; if 
Monks can do this, without snare and without Tank level defenses and HP 
totals, surely I can.

 From the beginning I've suspected that SK would be used as often as 
pullers as they are as actual tanks, on raids; that hasn't worked out so 
far, but if I can work the skills out, perhaps it will in the future.

Berg, 60 SK, newbie puller, Combine



