From -5482250502681772553
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8604041d87af8d42
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <teapray@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: EQ Is dead and I told you so :P
Date: Fri, 14 May 2004 11:54:21 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <40A4F9BD.69E218CE@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <rx2pc.38137$TT.27295@news-server.bigpond.net.au>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 129
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:2233

James Hicks wrote:
> 
> What I think fucked EQ, in no particular order:

     You are of course free to think whatever you like.  But by the same
token, people are free to disagree with you and tell you about it.

> 1) maps. Shut up and admit it, this game's immersion factor went to shit
> when everyone started running around staring at a big grey map with a
> flashing you-are-here sign instead of the actual scenery looking for
> landmarks. May's well play pacman...

   Why are you telling me to shut up?  You don't want me to respond, then
don't post in a public venue for discussion.  Well, pre-emptive rudeness
aside, I disagree with this.  I never though that wandering around lost did
anything especially to add to my enjoyment of the game.  Pacman is/was, of
course, a fine game, and many veteran of the 70's can tell you, and if the
addition of maps to EQ made you more inclined to play it then more power to
you.  But still, I think that the majority of EQ players would disagree
with you on this.
 
> 2) Content restriction. New expansions totally fucked the value of old
> quests. New quests with new expansions consist almost solely of grinding
> and/or aren't worth doing. Travel/exploring was erased by maps. Tradeskills
> died in PoP (yes I know PoP added lots of recipes but look at the MARKET).
> That leaves grinding, and from LDoN onwards grinding was time limited,
> high-stress, zero time to interact with people except with HOTBUTTONS, etc.

   I have to agree with you on this point, to a point.  I wouldn't call all
the content in the new expansion worthless, nor would I call tradeskills
worthless.  In particular, I enjoy doing LDoNs.  However, I do hate the
idea that I have to grind through boring encounters to get to restricted
content (both as in keyed zones where one must do shard hunting, for
example, or equipment content, where one must spend hours or day camping a
item for an epic, for example) is a boring, long chore to do that does
nothing to enhance the fun level of EQ.  I know that this isn't exactly
what you were talking about in the above, but the basic words were there
that started started this point, and I wanted to be somewhat positive.

> 3) Travel... There is now absolutely ZERO value in having been able to GET
> somewhere, except for keyed places. (grinding, not travelling).

  So it's easier, not boring and frustrating as it used to be.  So druids
and wizards aren't cash machines anymore.  The zones are still there, the
content just as varied and interesting as before.  The ease in getting
around means that my girls do alot more sightseeing than they used too. 
Yes, I know that several players stick to tried and true zones and don't
explore, but then, that has always been the case, hasn't it?

> 4) A combination of all the above: The conversion of EQ from EQ into a Video
> Game. Yes there was a LOT wrong with the EQ concept and it needed work, but
> instead of expanding on it, Sony have collapsed every facet down into a
> basic medieval FPS.

   Expanding timesinks is what they should have done?  Again, you are free
to think whatever you want.  Brad Quaid is working on a new MMORPG I've
heard, perhaps it will have all the controversial parts of the Vision
intact that you seem to enjoy so much.  

   Personally, I don't think that EQ is dead at all, nor will it be for
quite some while.  But it is going through a period of turmoil right now,
and the management at SOE is making decisions that are compounding it
rather than reducing it.

  Part of the problem is simply the age of the game.  EQ has been around
for over five years, with many players playing for most of that time.  And
while EQ is a varied and complex game, I think that any game can get to be
a rut after that amount of time.  Many people are just getting restless,
and there is not much that SOE can do about that.

   I do believe, however, that SOE is responsible for at least some of the
discontentment that is going on.  I think that going to a new graphics
engine is needed in the long run, but the technical difficulties that have
resulted in the meantime are very bad for many players.  It is hard to log
in and know that you are in all probability going to fall through the world
a few times, get grabbed by the man eating trees of the PoK, or fall
through a few walls while on a raid.  Or face mobs that do the same.  It is
even harder to then have to click past the advertisement that wants you pay
more money for the next expansion.  I would guess that the people in charge
of fixing the geometry problem are mot the same people that are in charge
of introducing new content.  Still, it is easy to see this as "SOE is more
interested in getting even more money from me than fixing the game I've
already paid for to point that I can actually play it without all these
frustrating bugs!"  I think that even if there are two totally different
teams that are working on these two issues, the development team should
have sat on the new expansion a bit until the repair team could have done a
bit more fixing.  I think that is would be fair to say that SOE is getting
good at giving the impression that they are more interested right now in
squeezing every possible cent out of their player base rather than
delivering a quality, or even playable game.

   The fact that there are other choices available now and soon is also
hurting EQ.  Particularly City of Heroes, with to my knowledge is the first
MMORPG to get widespread great word of mouth from EQ players, to other EQ
players, to induce many of them the give it a try.  Why play a buggy game
like EQ is right now when you can log in and have fun a smooth running, fun
venue?  I don't know if CoH will have long term staying power.  I like it,
but I also see that EQ is clearly a more complex game.  But then, how
complex was EQ at launch?  WoW and EQII might also play a strong impact on
the numbers that EQ Live currently enjoys.

   EQ is not dead.  It will not be dead for a long time.  I think it will
recover from the current graphic glitches.  But will it recover fully from
all the other problems?  Of this I have my doubts.


-- 
Annie

To join the alt.games.everquest chat channel type /join serverwide.age:age 
If you want to stayed joined, then after that type /autojoin
serverwide.age:age

AGE FAQ:
http://webpages.charter.net/lenny13/age.faq.htm
http://tinyurl.com/yvud6

Mirrored at:
http://www.derfy.net/agefaq.html


Currently playing:

Teapray-- 54 High Elf Cleric on Firiona Vie

Lentea-- 43 Ogre Beastlord On Firiona Vie

--
If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


