From 3647367192916048677
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b26a1fff2ec88c00,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-16 06:47:46 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!news-out.visi.com!petbe.visi.com!newsread.com!newsprint.newsread.com!216.65.3.50.MISMATCH!news-out1.newsfeeds.com!propagator2-maxim!feed-maxim.newsfeeds.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3FDF1B0B.7000509@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.0.1) Gecko/20020823 Netscape/7.0 (OEM-HPQ-PRS1C03)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Another prize winning level
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 109
Date: Tue, 16 Dec 2003 14:59:10 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.235.8
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1071586750 66.109.235.8 (Tue, 16 Dec 2003 09:59:10 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 16 Dec 2003 09:59:10 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11947

Oooh, 58.

Fire pet... but all the 50s' fire pets are nigh unusable, because they 
cast off a wizard list only with no sense at all; this means they might 
snare (which is a good thing), might nuke (a decent one, too), but also 
might root (annoying, and if you -want- root, the earth pet will do it 
all the time instead of once per fight at random) and worse might 
Dispell (thanks for removing slow and snare and cripple and MOR!), and 
their nuke has a knockback component so the mob is jinking around 
unpredictably, and they also use an AE nuke from time to time, waking 
mezzed mobs, aggroing non KOS mobs, slaying hollow trees and bitten 
victims (hello spiders!).  In short, under normal circumstances no sane 
mage is going to use this thing in a group!  I paid 50pp for this spell, 
which in my opinion was high, but I do like a full book.

Malosini.  Another in the Malo line, still not unresistable.  Two more 
levels I get the unresistable one.  I question the need for this one, I 
currently use Malaise (the level 9 spell) for most cases where I need a 
resist debuff, its faster, cheaper, and gets the job done just fine 80% 
of the time.  If I -need- malosi to land spells, I probably can't land 
malosi anyway, in fact it seems to be resisted more than my nukes.  And 
resisted just as often as malaise (if it was resisted less than malaise 
I'd use it, none of the line are that expensive or long casting).  The 
one time I do use Malosi is when someone lower level than me in my group 
is having a hard time landing spells (especially if its the slower); 
then reducing the resists as much as possible seems to pay off; I'm sure 
I'll use Malosini instead of Malosi, but I bet I keep casting Malaise 
more than either.

Velocity... can't find in bazaar so far.  SOW for my pet.  Maybe he'll 
be able to keep up with me, Expedience isn't fast enough for run 3.  I 
cast Expedience fairly rarely, though, its really only useful in outdoor 
camps with runners and no snarer, or in kiting groups, or when (as I 
rarely do) I'm roaming around an outdoor area killing things on sight. 
Most important thing Velocity could be for me would be a much longer 
duration; having to swap in Expedience to cast it is part of what keeps 
me from bothering.

Guard of Calliav.  Sort of a rune for pets, keeps the first two hits on 
him from doing any damage.  This line seems surpassingly silly to me, 
pets are designed to get hit, and get hit a lot.  He's a better tank 
than many of the tanks I group with, not to mention utterly disposable. 
  Save him from two hits?  Whats the point?  I'm thinking the point is 
to use him to absorb Harm Touch hits... which I do anyway, so far the 
most he's taken has been 20% of his HP bar in one pop.  Waste  a spell 
slot and mana to save him from one little 20% blow, plus the next hit 
which will be for more like 2%?  If I wanted something in this line at 
all, seems to me it would be the one that absorbs One hit, the second 
hit won't also be a HT after all.  Could I cycle thru this spell as an 
ongoing damage absorber, like enchanters do with their runes?  I suppose 
so, but again, its only soaking two hits, something thats damaging my 
pet appreciably with each individual blow is also going to be landing a 
-lot- of blows.  I'd think I'd be better off chaining heals along with 
Primal Remedy.  LDoN points only, and I don't even know which dungeon, 
certainly hasn't apppeared on the buy list yet in any of the ones I've 
done (none over 230 points)

Reflect.  Chance to resist spell plus hit caster with 40% of the spell 
effect if applicable.  OK, I don't get hit with spells much.  But I 
guess this might be useful in an AE environment.  I think I recall 
seeing that its duration was very short, though, on the order of 10 
seconds... I'll have to look this up sometime, but at the moment my 
interest in the line is low... I didn't buy Bounce and don't plan to 
pursue this one either unless someone reports its a lot more useful than 
I think it is.  LDoN points, in some unidentified dungeon, like Guard of 
Calliav above.

This leaves the spell I really wanted out of this level; Transon's 
Phantasmal Protection.  Self only buff, raises my AC (like I care), 
gives me 5 hp per tic regen (this is exciting, especially solo I rely on 
hp regen a lot) and 4 mana per tic mana regen.  Very exciting part; no 
more cats eye agate use!  The previous spell in the line used 4 agates 
at a time, meaning I'd go thru stacks of them almost as fast as stacks 
of malachite.  Also exciting, 2 hour 30 minute duration, and thats 
without extended buff item, which of course I always have since its 
summoned.  Whats wrong with it?  Well, like all spells in this line, it 
conflicts with AC buffs.  Not that I want AC buffs, AC is utterly 
meaningless to me since my AC is so low, another 100 points (and there 
is no AC buff that big) wouldn't mean beans in terms of my survival 
abilities.  But Temperance, Aego, and Virtue all Include the AC part, 
which means no long duration high HP buffs for me with this up.  And of 
course clerics love to cast the group versions of this line, which means 
clicking it off and recasting TPP (so much for the 2 hour 30 minute 
duration!).  But no problem, you think; any sensible caster wants POTC+ 
and Symbol anyway.  Guess what else this spell conflicts with?  Yep, up 
till now, self regen buff plus POT9 plus Symbol was the ultimate way to 
go... but suddenly I have to chose between HP regen and some mana regen, 
or more mana regen but no HP regen.

Don't get me wrong, I still like TPP and am glad to finally have it... 
but I'm annoyed that its overwritten by buffs I'll never want (temp, 
aego, virtue) and even more annoyed that its overwritten by buffs I'll 
never ever ever want (cleric today cast Shield of Words on me since I 
said I didn't want Temp!... level 49 spell of utter uselessness 
overwrites level 58 spell with mana -and- hp regen, and just as much AC, 
which is a meaningless stat to a mage anyway? Where's the sense in 
that?).  And even More annoyed that suddenly a line I didn't conflict 
with now does, so I have to A) take POTC+ and lose HP regen, B) ditch 
POTCabbage+ and sacricice some of the mana regen in order to keep HP 
regen or C) take Cabbage+ and use my old less HP regen cats eye agate 
eating level 54 self buff instead.  Hmm, or D) take SLN for HP regen and 
keep TPP... whats the duration on SLN?

Ah well, wonder what spells I can gripe about at 59?

Splendid One, 58 Gnomage, Firiona Vie





