From -5220867018057440115
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII
X-Google-Thread: fb739,29dd98c5b1902cf3
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Thread: 109d5f,29dd98c5b1902cf3
X-Google-Attributes: gid109d5f,public
X-Google-Thread: 10e3d7,29dd98c5b1902cf3
X-Google-Attributes: gid10e3d7,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-09 17:35:37 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!news-hog.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!newshub.sdsu.edu!west.cox.net!cox.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!easynews!ps01-sjc1!news.webusenet.com!cyclone2.usenetserver.com!usenetserver.com!news01.optonline.net!news4.srv.hcvlny.cv.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: Eyeglazer <velerin@netzero.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.diablo,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.final-fantasy
Subject: Re: Software pirate disappointed with new games
Organization: Heirarchy Outcast
Message-ID: <8fumiucrd56aj7p6iqsisai23mbfthd9n4@4ax.com>
References: <MPG.1794cbf0ce8afe38989713@news.tiktok.org> <0eqmiusigulmsojv6n22gfcals47gk3720@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
Lines: 2887
Date: Tue, 09 Jul 2002 20:07:39 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.188.111.87
X-Trace: news4.srv.hcvlny.cv.net 1026259162 24.188.111.87 (Tue, 09 Jul 2002 19:59:22 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 09 Jul 2002 19:59:22 EDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.diablo:135989 alt.games.everquest:210097 alt.games.final-fantasy:95178

In defiance of the Laws of Boredom, Rob Browning wrote:

<snip>

>Haven't played NWN yet, but Warcraft 3 is good, though I'm not hooked
>on it like I was with Starcraft (which I _did_ buy a copy of). 

Hrm. Despite the fact that I suspect I irritate you, I wonder if you'd be
intrested in playing against me at both of those sometime? 







-- 

-------------------

"Not all those who wander are lost." 

-------------------


Eyeglazer, Lord of Boredom.

Guardian of Twilight.
The Evil One.
The Gray Mage.
Man of the Eleventh Hour.
Wielder of the Euphoria Blade.
Wielder of the Gray Saber.
Wielder of the Rusty Meathook.
Wielder of the Rusty Lawnmower Blade.
Wielder of the Industrial Chainsaw.
Wielder of the Infinite Napalm.
Fallen Prince of alt.games.final-fantasy.
Anti-Defender of Compaq.

Owner of 25 Shiny points.
Owner of 11 Spiffy points.
Owner of 10 Philosophy points.
Owner of 10 Metal Arm points.
Owner of 1 Squirrel Roadkill point.
Owner of 1 Celine Stuffy.
Owner of 1 Golden Spangly.
Owner of 1 Sledgehammer.
Co-owner of a 100 reply email cascade.

Sole Author of 2 (two) Agff Fanfics.
Co-Author of 2 (two) round-robin Agff Fanfics.

Delivered 2 (two) newbies to Agff.
Unwarrantied and nonrefundable.

GFox Medal for putting something off even longer than Greg would.
X's Award for Understatement of the Year.
Sardonically Devious's Award for Most Lines Ever Posted In The History of Usenet. 
Broam's Most Bandwidth Used award.
Holder of Agff's Largest Sig.

Inventor of the Incendiary Buttplug.
Inventor of Dehydrated Evil: Just Add Water.
Giver of the rare Boredom Points.
Self-Declared Grand Lord of Starcraft.
Biggest Fool of April Fool's.
Doom of the Revivalists.


****************************************
*                                      *
* Four Thousand (4000) Posts and       *
* 1 OPotD to alt.games.final-fantasy.  *
*                                      *
****************************************

Contact Info:
velerin@netzero.net
Aim: Eyeglazer
ICQ: 13225676

--------------------

Sherlock Holmes and Dr. Watson went on a camping trip.
After a good meal and a bottle of wine, they lay down for the
night and went to sleep. Some hours later, Holmes awoke and nudged his
faithful friend.

"Watson, look up and tell me what you see."

Watson replied, "I see millions and millions of stars."

"What does that tell you?"

Watson pondered for a minute. "Astronomically, it tells me
that there are millions of galaxies and potentially billions
of planets. Astrologically, I observe that Saturn is in Leo.
Horologically, I deduce that the time is approximately a
quarter past three. Theologically, I can see that God is all
powerful and that we are small and insignificant.
Meteorologically, I suspect that we will have a
beautiful day tomorrow. Why, what does it tell YOU?"

Holmes was silent for a minute, then spoke.

"Watson, you idiot. Some jerk has stolen our tent."

--------------------

Police: Good evening, are you the host?
Host: No.
Police: We've been getting complaints about this party.
Host: About the drugs?
Police: No.
Host: About the guns, then? Is somebody complaining about the guns?
Police: No, the noise.
Host: Oh, the noise. Well that makes sense because there are no guns or drugs
here. (an enormous explosion is heard in the background) Or fireworks. Who's
complaining about the noise? The neighbors?
Police: No, the neighbors fled inland hours ago. Most of the recent complaints
have come from Pittsburgh. Do you think you could ask the host to quiet things
down?
Host: No problem. (at this point, a volkswagon bug with primitive religious
symbols drawn on the doors emerges from the living room and roars down the
hall, past the police and onto the lawn, where it smashes into a tree. Eight
guests tumble out onto the grass, moaning.) See? Things are starting to wind
down.

--------------------

Prize Roster

--------------------

Save up the rare Boredom Points to buy the following prizes:

3 Boredom Points: 
	1 minor Boredom-infused weapon, or
	1 copy of the Boredom Dictionary, or
	1 copy of the Gray Book.

7 Boredom Points: 
	1 Sword of Boredom, or
	1 Ennui Stone, or
	Cameo appearance in an Eyeglazer fic.

10 Boredom Points: 
	Timo's Head on a pike.

12 Boredom Points: 
	1 lemon written on topic of your choice.

20 Boredom Points: 
	Major appearance in an Eyeglazer fic.
	(limited availability) 

30 Boredom Points:
	Honorary Acolyte of Boredom status.


--------------------

Surveys
(answers still accepted on all)

--------------------

"Earth, Air, Fire, Water. Pick one."

**

Eyeglazer: Earth
Adam Merrifield: Water
Astos: Fire/Air
Atma: Fire
Avenger: Air
A. Weirdo: Air/Earth
Black Mountain: Air
Bob: Water
Brainfreeze: Water
CabbitXtreme: Earth
Cassie: Air
Cliezon: Fire
Cypher: Air
Dana: Fire
Dave: Earth
Greg: Air
Lord Bob: Fire
Jiro: Earth
Justin Sueno: Water
Kain Highwind: Air
Khai: Earth
Leareth: Water
Linda: Water
Moony: Air
Nightshade: Earth
Phoenix: Fire
Pigwalk: Fire
Ramen Junkie: Fire
Rubi: Water
Sardonically: Fire
Shirlene: Water
Slipgate: Water
Small Girl: Water
Technetium: Water
Tharkun: Earth
Thierry: Water
Wyvern: Air
X: Air
Zohar: Water

**

"What can change the nature of a man?" 
(inspired by Planescape: Torment)

**

Mike: Impending doom.
Amy: Circumcision.
Lord Bob: Will and determination.
Phoenix: The realization that you're between shit and a hard place, 
         and the only way out is through.
Sky Render: A good dose of genetic engineering.
Khai: The realization that he's got one HUGE smokin' hole in his chest.
Dave: Loss of the thing he values most.
Aeaen: Lots of cyanide.
Moony: Love.
Seifer: Reflection.
The Good Incarnation: Regret.
The Nameless One: Belief.
The Transcendant One: Nothing.

**

"You're in a dice game you can't win and your soul is on the 
line. What do you do?"

**

Cliezon: Seek alternate options as far as games go.
Sky Render: Umm...press f4 to load state?
Dana Crysalis: Roll the dice under the couch!
Technetium: Uh...can't play right now.
Wyvern: Well, it's been ten minutes, so I guess my soul's history.
Atma: <breathes dragonfire on you> 
Maduin: I guess I'd have to play on.
CX: Forfeit and enjoy the handbasket ride to Hell.
Dave G: Cheat like I've never cheated before.
Ford: Lose.
Bob: Kill the opponent.
Night Angel: Change the rules so you can win.
Zohar: Throw the dice.
St. Kain: Eat the dice.
Rachel Green: Eat the dice.
Spoony: Hand my soul over to someone else before I have a chance to lose.
Jiro: JIRO RED AND YELLOW BOOT FOLLOWED BY THE LEGDROP!
Amy: Shove the dice up the nose of the person I was betting with.
Seifer: I sold my soul to Milhouse for $5. Bet the $5 and cheat.
Moony: Keep playing. Don't own it to lose.
Khai: Shoot first, who gives a crap about the game?
Sardonically: Rig the dice.
Lord Bob: Kill everyone and claim a draw. 

--------------------

Shits and Giggles:

--------------------

"How come no one's killed me yet?"
	- Darkmere

"It's your fault for chatting here. Not ours for cursing, bitching,
and being obscene."
	- X

"This serial cable sucks.  It's like pumping a swimming pool through
a drinking straw."
	- Dave G.

"So?  She's just a slu--  Er, I mean, DAMN HIM HE MUST DIE!"
	- Atma, upon being informed by me of the defilement of Aeris.

"Not that I'm advocating sending nasty E-mail to your teachers or
anything..."
	- CronoDAS

"I've wanted to tell them the truth. 'I'm being stalked by an 
immensely evil organization of annihilistic psychics hell bent on 
killing me and destroying humanity, Dr. Frezza.' But usually I just 
say I slept in, yeah."
	- CX.

"Now, please proceed to the nearest gas station and light a
match. If a gas station is not available in your area (Outer Mongolia,
I think...), please unplug your computer and shove a fork in the
socket. Thank you, have a nice day."
	- Night Angel, to a troll.

"Greg and N.S. both sent me an AIM log to prove how much of a bastard
the other one was. It was the same AIM log."
	- Ford. I don't usually put stuff like this up, but it was
just too damn funny to resist. :)

"I don't give a crap about what shit has to say. Just sit
there and smell bad. Don't presume to be sentient."
	- Technetium, to an AGGTAer.
	  The only flame that will ever go in my sig.

"The old testament was entertaining, but I was rooting for the wrong 
team the whole time, I think."
	- Dave G., on the Bible

"My little brother got confirmed last week (he took the 'adult' confirmation
class that lasted all of 4 sessions), and afterwards, all my relatives were
like, 'why aren't you confirmed yet?'... too bad I couldn't say, 'well, mainly
because I don't want to be a giant flaming hypocrite like you, but also because
being Catholic would suck'... :P"
	- Rei.


"Question: How do you know you're addicted to a game?

Answer: As you drift off to sleep you realize you forgot to make a 
ship nuke a planet and you rush back online to fix it."
	- Mike.

"You must be the new Phoenix I've heard of. Meet the old one."
	- Phoenix.

"Do not call your diety a dumbass!"
	- Marcus Yu

"Damn, the fact I know this shit kinda scares me."
	- Atma

"I hate ex-AOL'ers. They expect everything to be JUST like AOL, and
either threaten to sue or want to change providers when they find
out otherwise.

I just got a call today from a woman who didn't know what a modem was,
or that you needed it to go online. When I informed her nicely of
this, she angrily said that she'd be happy to switch to an ISP that
didn't require the use of a 'modem.'"
	- Aeaen

"I don't know what's wrong with me. I must be a moron. Wait a second,
I am a moron."
	- Probably not the woman mentioned above.

"Listen, I just do secretary work! If you've got dirty balls, you wash them!"
	- Aylee, "Sluggy Freelance." 

"Rudolph the red-nosed nazi! Had a very shiny rifle!"
	- Atma.

"Umm, you can't pull nothing out of nothing. You have no bag, you have
no ass. They were incinerated."
	- A friend named Marlene, when another friend tried to pull a
bag out of his ass.

"Is it just me or does FF7 have all the makings of one superb porno?"
	- Mike.

"I need my intelligence sleep. (I figure no amount of beauty sleep will
ever help me, but I can at least get smarter :)"
	- Ditto.

"Verbal violence is my best friend."
	- Atma.

"My natural charm has made me an excellent sprinter, don't worry."
	- Hobbes.

"If I were president, I'd have the big red button mounted on
my desk and hooked to a random number generator set up to
process launch codes for the nukes. I'd just sit there
pressing it when I get bored... click click click click click
click click click."
	- Smidge

"I'm thinking a more refined biological weapon.  The goo on my 
toothbrush doesn't count."
	- CX

"To sleep or not to sleep, that is the question...whether 
'tis nobler in the mind to suffer the slings and arrows 
of outrageous sleep deprivation, or to take arms against 
a sea of drowsiness, and by sleeping, end them...."
	- Cilamene

"Why would any woman in her right mind want a fish up her wazoo?!?"
	- King Kung

"The fewer sick bastards there are, the better for we who feel sick
around sick bastards."
	- St. Kain

"God is gonna kick your ass, you infidelic pagan scum!"
	- South Park

"DAMNIT! I got the sticky stuff on my keyboard again."
	- Greg Cook. Who else? O_o

"Um...weeks of defiling my name, and everything I stand for... or 1
(one) defilement of the Armadillo."
	- Unright, when I asked what it would take to offend him.

"Know that you are not dying because you are an insect and 
therefore inferior. You are dying because you interrupted my 
sleep."
	- Steve

"Lately, the only thing keeping me from being a serial killer is
my distate for manual labor."
	- Dilbert

"I'd appreciate it if you managed to spell 'resurrection' and
'resuscitate' correctly. My younger brother just peered over
my shoulder and is yelling out to my mother some incoherent
babble about me watching "Aerith erections" on the net. This
is not funny."
	-Darryll Lim, to a revivalist.

"Lobby?  I'm forced to wait in the lobby?  No, sir.  I must
profess my love for you NOW NOW NOW!"
	- Slipgate to me on Aim. Disturbing, no?

"You know that you're in a fucked-up newsgroup when there's
a discussion about the flavor of female genitalia, and the
first thing that makes you think "uh, how would he know
that?" is the thing that he compares the flavor to."
	- Crisis.

"AIIIEIEEEE!!! YOU HAVE NO HEAD!!!"
	- Unright, proving that even *he* has GFS.

"Oxford University. Founded in 1167, with technology to match."
	- St. Kain.

"Alright, smartypants, don't make me sodomize you...."
	- Spoony.

"Please don't sodomize the cabbit."
	- CX.

"I was eating one of those PepperRidge Farm cookies, and I noticed that
the bag the cookies come in has a large picture of the cookie on it.
In little tiny letters next to it, it says, 'enlarged to show texture.'

I couldn't help but conclude that this should have been written on
Tifa's breasts."

	- Cunnilingus Breath


"If I meet the guy whose ideal woman is 400 pounds, seventy years old,
and pisses in his mouth while tied up and fucking a horse, and is his
sister, I will take great pleasure in hitting him in the head with a
baseball bat."
	- Dave G.

"The cows are not what they seem..."
	- Leareth

"That takes a special kind of moron."
	- Dave G., on a guy who had illicit sex with the daughter of 
a circuit court judge.

"Operator?  I'd like to speak to the bluff of one Mr. Vant, please."
	- St. Kain, calling my bluff...when I wasn't bluffing. <evil laugh>

".......Damnit, you just tricked me, didn't you?"
	- Kathy

"And once again I get sigged after you trick me."
	- Kathy again, moments later. <evil grin>

"After I run your program, let's make love like crazed weasels, okay?"
	- Linux fortune teller.

"This is what they call a mission critical thing. Your ISP is not 
good for mission critical operations."
	- Dave G. 

"We're sorry, you have reached an imaginary number. Please rotate 
your phone ninety degrees and try again."
	- Unknown.

"I should put a basket on the front porch with a big sign that 
says 'drop lawsuits here.'" 
	- Stephen.

"Discolored zits on your ass are not sources of evil."
	- Atma.

"Consider yourself honored, my friend. You are the first person I have
ever killfiled after only one post."
	- Sean, to a troll.

"It's rather like getting a rectal exam with a claw hammer...."
	- Dave G., on Linux installations.

"I do not approve of any internet connection faster than my 
hard drive." 
	- Atma, on OC-48s.

"You know, I just got a message from a girl telling me how sick and 
twisted I was.  I almost got offended until I rememebered who I was."
	- Mike.

"You had to ask me to come up with a shape for a statue made of 
COW POOP?!?!"
	- Craxton.

"Well, at least this has gotten my mind off the dull ache in my 
balls."
	- Greg Cook.

"I can't be mad at my mom anymore! And she commited the 
ultimately Evil crime of disturbing orgasm! I'm too happy! O_o"
	- Kathy. 

"Be quiet before I drone you." 
	- Shoot_Me, after building a 200 drone army in SC.

"I learned something today. No matter how many penguins occupy 
the same area, their urine is not enough in quantity to make 
all the snow yellow."
	- Pigwalk

"Now I've got the bead on you with *my* disintegrating gun. And 
when it disintegrates, it disintegrates. <pulls trigger> Well, 
what do you know...it disintegrated...." 
	- Duck Dodgers

"Under no circumstances are non-skilled employees to obtain, use, 
sign out, or even BREATHE on a key.  Duplicate keys are kept in the 
hotel's safe. IT employees are permitted to carry firearms for use 
solely for the termination of stupid guests or employees."
	- Excerpt from CX's Networking final project.

"You know, I realize that I don't understand email at all. Which 
isn't good, because I'm trying to build a commercial mail gateway."
	- Dave G.

"What have you done to my rabid, man eating security armadillo?"
	- Edwyn

"The Brillo pad is your friend."
	- Edwyn again.

"Who needs a bed?  Tifa's breasts are big enough to seat at LEAST 7
billion."
	- Atma

"I dare someone to use the pickup line 'May I have the distinct 
pleasure of urinating down your cleavage?' I guarantee you'll
get a reaction with that line."
	- Thierry Nguyen

"May I have the distinct pleasure of urinating between your 
buttcheeks?"
	- Jonny, moments later.

"Careful. There's an overgrown virus hitting on your GF."
	- Atma.

"Over the centuries, mankind has tried many ways of combating the forces
of evil...prayer, fasting, good works and so on. Up until Doom, no one
seemed to have thought about the double-barrel shotgun. Eat leaden
death, demon..."
	-Terry Pratchett

"I'm not in a fight with Josh, I just wish he would die."
	- Small Girl.

"True. Unless Rush has rigged himself with suspensors a la Vlad 
Harkonnen...but then we could say 'I hope Rush dies from a terminal 
suspensor strap wedgie...'"
	- Maduin, on Rush Limbaugh.

"It's so small...I can't even find it!"
	- Dilbert

"Disk error in drive A: [A]bort, [R]etry, [I]nfluence with large hammer?"
	- Grudal

"Geez, just a little demonic summoning and the entire conversation
goes down the toilet...."
	- Sean Dougherty

"Whoops: Official surgical term."
	- Kathy.

"Additionally, when a gun is fired, it leaves a residue which can be 
traced back to whomever fired it, so if you kill someone, wash your 
hands. (Note: Don't shoot people.)"
	- Dave G.

"Bus error: Driver executed."
	- Linux fortune teller.

"I feel good now. I've done my good deed for the decade."
	- Atma

"The 1st Law of the Internet states that the answer is on the Internet. 
Therefore the quest is no longer "where to find the answer," but "how 
to word the question." 
	- Unknown.

"But considering that I can't stand hypocrisy, being a hypocrite
myself makes me doubly hypocritical. :P"
	- St. Kain.

"I could open shipping crates with this erection."
	- Tycho Brahe.

"In my area, there is a controversy over a recent "health" law that was 
passed that forces adult stores to plug up the holes in the walls with 
something other than penises. If a guy is so pathetic that he cannot get 
any nookie at home and he must resort to fucking a hole in the wall, 
shouldn't we cut him some slack?"
	- The Misanthropic Bitch.

"Can I have my dick back, Atma?"
	- Funkidelic

"I'm *so* happy you didn't win the SC tourney. That would have made you 
intolerable for days."
	- Dave G., to yours truly.

"The police have informed me that 98% of all traffic accidents are 
caused by you 6 guys." 
	- Moe, "The Simpsons." 

"Noooo!! You ain't digging holes through meeee!!!!!"
	- X, taking the term 'bore' dreadfully out of context.

"Nothing to get you in the doghouse worse than 'Sorry hun, I gotta 
quit... you taste like a spare tire.'"
	- Atma.

"You have been provided with a razor blade, a piece of gauze, and a 
bottle of Scotch. Remove your appendix. Do not suture until your work 
has been inspected. (You have 15 minutes.)"
	- graduate exam in Medicine.

"If I decided I was going to get married this year, I�d set the date 
for Halloween night. I would make sure my bride-to-be wore black S&M 
gear, and that the ceremony was held in a cemetery."
	- the Chicks Suck guy.

"Blizzard!? I'll tell you about a danged blizzard! Back in Nam! Nam, I
tells ya! Now there was a blizzard! Yeah! Them Germans were a tough bunch,
but I showed them who was the queen of the sugar plum fairies! Ha ha ha
*hack* *cough*"
	-Edwyn, after Amy remarked that she didn't remeber any Blizzard in 1993.

"If you're in a war, instead of throwing a hand grenade at the enemy, 
throw one of those small pumpkins. Maybe it'll make everyone think how 
stupid war is, and while they are thinking, you can throw a real grenade 
at them."
	- Jack Handey.

"And they shall beat their swords into plowshares, for if you hit a 
man with a plowshare, he's going to know he's been hit."
	- Unknown.

"Being female means...asking if you're fat and not accepting either answer."
	- Cilamene (female, I might add, before anyone crucifies me. ;)

"My parents asked my college-age cousin if he was going to pay for a
vacation for his parents after graduating and getting a good job.  His
respose: 'Yeah, to Kosovo.'"
	- Cil again. :)

"Aackk!  Help me!  I'm home alone and the toilet's making weird noises!!"
	- *and* again...

"...okay then. Just don't scare her away. <wants a piece> Gahh! Bad brain, 
bad brain. <wants to have a respectful platonic relationship> .... just 
shut up, Dave...just shut up."
	- Dave G.

"ATTENTION, PASSENGERS.  THIS IS YOUR CAPTAIN WINKY SPEAKING.  THE PENIS IS
NOW LOCKED IN AN UPRIGHT POSITION.  THANK YOU."
	- X

"I dunno about you, but I like my girls in a resolution slightly higher 
than 40 X 32."
	- Ditto

"Mmmm? Yoda want some nookie with wookie? Yes yes."
	- Greg

"If you don't think sin is fun, you haven't been committing the 
right sins."
	- Rev. Billy Graham

"What this country needs is a good five dollar plasma weapon."
	- Unknown.

"There's a post about it somewhere, but I forget what it's called. In the
end it was discovered that AGFF is really little Tommy Rogers of Rosevelt,
Kansas, whose father owns a textile factory. He enjoys pudding."
	- Wyvern, on the multiple personality that is Agff.

"Sarcasm overload, switching to backup boosters...."
	- Atma

"It's a reaction to the horrendous shoot-em-up incidents in schools, but 
instead of acknowledging the fact that pathological children have existed 
throughout history, but without easy access to high-powered guns, the 
idiots prefer to punish a kid for brandishing a chicken finger. It's 
understandable--if they didn't react this way, they might have to examine 
the real problem, and their brains would explode."
	- Julyushka

"Fortunately, their inspection has come and gone.  Now I can turn my room 
back into a conflagration waiting to happen, a pyromaniac's dream come true, 
a room that does the arsonist's job for him, a room where you'd better 
watch your temper because if it flares up so will the room.... a room that, 
at any second, could suddenly turn into an offshoot of the seventh circle 
of HELL.... or, in a pinch, Slough, which is the next best thing."
	- St. Kain. (Slough is a very unpleasant town in England) 

"Awright!  Well, I want that written on my tombstone!  Sod any mathematical 
achievements I may accomplish in my life, or any progeny I may leave behind, 
when I die, I want my tombstone to read "Here lies Kain Aron Highwind, 
who pushed Eyeglazer's .sig over 1000 lines" - THERE's a place in the 
history books for me!"
	- St. Kain again. :) 

"Actually, that might be a good ide----I didn't say that *whistles
innocently* Let's move swiftly on...."
	- Kim Wild, in e-mail.

"I try to whack off once a day. Keeps me from getting bitchy."
	- Dave G.

"Now you are the only human left on the face of the planet. Cannibal 
mutations, carnivorous aliens, and evil spirits are your only 
neighbors."
	- Doom II.

"After the transformation of skittles into the body of Christ, I'm 
fairly certain God isn't too happy with me."
	- Spoony.

"Any resemblance between the above views and those of my employer, 
my terminal, or the view out my window are purely coincidental. Any 
resemblance between the above and my own views is non-deterministic. 
The question of the existence of views in the absense of anyone to hold 
them is left as an exercise for the reader. The question of the existence 
of the reader is left as an exercise for the second god coefficient. (A 
discussion of non-orthogonal, non-integral polytheism is beyond the 
scope of this article.)"
	- Linux fortune teller.

"One of them had an Amaco gas pump between his legs and was 
pretending it was his penis. That is the truth."
	- Jake, "The Waste Lands." 

"Openly lesbian couple?  No, no.  I love Edwyn, too, but that doesn't mean
I'm into bestiality."
	- Merry Widow

"Oops. I have to leave for reasons involving, but not limited to, blue hair."
	- Dave G.

"It's common courtesy not to masturbate while your roommate's trying to sleep."
	- Pete.

"Okay, I'm not talking to you anymore because you actually had a point."
	- Fighting 31st.

"At any given moment, an arrow must either be where it is or where it 
is not. But obviously it cannot be where it is not. And if it is
where it is, that is equivalent to saying that it is at rest."
	- Zeno's Paradox.

"The main reason people hate the DMV is because they're the worst 
photographers on the face of the Earth." 
	- Kathy.

"When you use spermacidal lubricant as heat conductive gel, something 
bad is bound to happen."
	- Corwin of Amber.

"And now I've inadvertantly contributed to the problem I finally 
allowed myself to bitch about! ARHGHGHGIREOHGerhge!"
	- Greg, after complaining about my sig and being added to it.

"Hey, at least I can actually get some action from my FF8 CD if I 
want it."
	- Ford

"Linda, don't worry, I have complete confidence in my cock."
	- Marcus Yu

"I GRIND THE ANAL CAVITY OF MY BITCHES TO HAMBURGER WITH MY IVORY 
SPIKED PHALLUS, OFFICIALLY RECOGNIZED AS A HOLY RELIC BY THE 
VATICAN CHURCH."
	- Jiro

"I really hope they get to meet their god. I would love to see their faces
when he asks, 'What part of 'Thou Shall Not Kill' did you not understand?'"
	- Yohan, on militant anti-abortionists.

"Browning's master plan to kill Atma via a brain anurism from twelve
continuous hours of laughing worked perfectly. Afterwords, Browning retired
his 'Cypher' persona, wich he created years ago as part of an eloaborate
scheme which culmiated with him telling Atma that Cypher went to a religous
loser college. In fact, this 'Emory College' also does not exsist. If you
come close to the building you'll notice it's mostly made of cardboard and
other partsof it are just painted on a wall to look 3 dimensional. That
Browning is a crafty fellow. Especially in convncing Atma to post in this
'english,' the languge he invented to assist his fraud some 9,000 years ago.
Now that the plan has sucseeded, we will revert to our former languague
gurtblunk splimg hooverspims. Joory Rewot!"
	- Wyvern

"I just hope I don't blurt out the truth. 'Oh, it's not only real, but 
I'm fighting a war with it. My only allies are a depressed girl and 
a psychotic loony. We're currently losing.'"
	- CX, on ESP. 

"Forgive me if I don't know how best to react to this 
without seeming either pryish or an inconsiderate ass :)"
	- Slipgate

"No sex in AGFF is a very good thing.  If AGFFers learned to reproduce,
the world would be in horrible danger."
	- Atma

"Dear God, why can't I ever be WRONG about these things?!"
	- Vellius

"...stop mocking me. I'm mocking you right now. We can't both mock 
at the same time."
	- Dave G.

"I think I need to electrocute some lab rats.  Yes, that'll make me 
feel better.  [wanders away]"
	- Cilamene

"If I was any more metal, I'd set off airport alarms."
	- JT.

"Put the pen away before I hurt you, 'Glazer. O_o"
	- Kathy

"Dude, if the fabric of reality is crumbling, could you please 
let me in on it?"
	- Dave G. 

"You WOULDN'T!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
	- Kain. Does it really matter what the context was? ;)

"YOU MAY NOT SIG THAT."
	- Atma.


-------------------------

Natural Laws:

-------------------------

The Wizard's Rules:

1. A person will believe any falsehood, either because he wants 
to believe it, or he fears it is so.
2. The worst harm can result from the best intentions.
3. Passion rules reason.


The three laws of thermodynamics:
1. You can't get anything without working for it.
2. The most you can accomplish by working is to break even.
3. You can only break even at absolute zero.

Gerrold's Laws of Infernal Dynamics:
1. An object in motion will always be headed in the wrong direction.
2. An object at rest will always be in the wrong place.
3. The energy required to change either one of these states 
will always be more than you wish to expend, but never so much 
as to make the task totally impossible.

-------------------------

Soliloquies

-------------------------


"Tomorrow, freedom disappears at 8:10 AM...

But can I mourn, knowing all along that this day would 
eventually come?

The day where freedom, love, and career, are eradicated and 
destroyed, money becomes a myth once again as does such 
luxuries as sleep, personal life, or personal art.

All for 'Education'.

Can I mourn?

Oh, but I do. Such sadness fills me, for education steals 
away the hearts of the strongest men, steals away their 
will and their dreams, makes little more than painted puppets 
of a system known to cause more pain and loss than career 
and success.

I mourn. As I mourn for my dead grandmother, and for the 
sensibilities of early man.

I mourn."

	- Falimortalis.

-------------------------

"Don't you love those ads on TV for prescription drugs? First 
you see all these happy people dancing and running on the beach and serving
each other Jell-O, when the announcer tells you how you've been living a lie
and it's time to admit that you suffer from hair loss and that as a direct
result of your hair loss, everyone hates you, including all the people in
this commercial,who have hired the cast of Resivior Dogs to kill you.

And then, as the happy people eat thier Jell-O and hug their damn babies, we
learn how we can get this incredible drug that will end all hair loss and
give your pathetic excuse for an existence a shred of meaning once again.
And at this point we see the happy people collecting seashells, discovering
cures for cancer, single-handedly defeating entire professional basketball
teams in a game of HORSE, etc. All to distract you as the announcer says, in 
as happy a way possible that, "Roxinabletricleminoxideltaclepikachumandrexamine 
may cause vomiting, impotence, spontanous combustion, diariaha so potent that 
the force of your farts will propel you across rooms, civil war, the 
cancellation of The Practice, your ass to collapse, any children that you 
may ever have to de-evolve into vicious baboons upon contact with the 
Earth's atmosphere, a career boost for Charlie Sheen, certain death for 
you and everyone you know, an ABBA reunion tour, and some mild headaches. 
If you are ever planning to come in contact with any other living creature 
ever again please do not take this product."

And then the happy people, still giddy after saving the earth from the alien
forces, all wave at you and the announcer reminds you that they'll never
like you unless you have hair."
	- Wyvern.

-------------------------

"Yes. Those are the ones where you live to see the next save point, 
and when you finally look up at the clock, you see it's 4:00 AM, so 
you say, "But I've got to finish this next quest.. I can't have that 
much more to do..." but then there are sidequests. The character who 
you have to have with you to get to see the General is cut off from 
the rest of the party. His love interest gets a terrible illness. You 
have to find a cure. The world rearranges. Baal unleases Gaia. You 
know, shit happens.

And, the next thing you know, you haven't slept for three days, you 
can't see anymore, and you're still wandering around that one damn 
labrynthine cave, looking for a treasure chest that may not even be 
there, because you can't remember what the NPC said exactly that lead 
you to the point where you're at. And then you run into one of those 
damn Evil Oscars, and you haven't saved for three hours.  He puts all 
your guys to sleep, poisons them, imps them, and confuses them. They 
kill each other. 

You say, 'Fuck this.' And don't play that game for two months.

And this, my friend, is why RPGers always are a little different. <twitch, twitch>"
	- Dave G.

-------------------------

"Two houses on my street are having a war. One of them lives down on the
corner of the street, the other lives next to my neighbor, Bob G. They are
always dressed up in camouflage and are carrying guns around the street.
Sometimes I see tanks and hummers driving down the street, and some days
there's dead people lying on the side of the road. It's been a bloody
battle, neither side is showing any signs of backing down. I think the war
started when the Nelsons didn't invite the Smiths to their block party last
spring and the following Monday Mr. Smith threw a grenade at the Nelson's
son as he was getting off the school bus. He missed and just blew up the
bus, but the Nelsons got the message. Ever since then the streets have been
filled with the sound of gunfire. Both families have been calling in other
family members/troops from all over the country. They've built large armies.
The Reynolds (another family on my street) joined the war a few months back,
but they were all killed when the Smiths burned their house down. Mr.
Reynolds survived, but I ran him over a few days later when I tried to dodge
a squirrel. I ended up hitting the squirrel anyway."

-------------------------

"No officer, let me tell you something. I had to go through the gas chamber 
for that car. Don't give me that crap about driving being a privilege, not 
a right. I earned the car, damnit. I'll drive it as fast as it want, run as 
many stop signs as I care to, blaze through any frikkin school zone I feel 
like and mow down as many kids as I want to. Why? Because I'm willing to 
take a bullet for this country and protect some little kids in a forign 
land whose government is too fucking stupid and territorial to give a damn 
about the good of the people. I'm willing to go against machine guns, suicide 
bombers, and little kids with AK-47's to fullfil any god-damn wish the brass 
over here wants. Im willing to take that risk, to leave behind a widow and 
a few kids she can barely support. So I'll be damned if you're going to tell 
me that I can drive only if you let me. Bullshit. You write me that ticket, 
I'll kick your ass."
	- Fighting 31st.

-------------------------

"DVD players are a perfect example of what's wrong with the first world. 
We're the richest, most powerful country since ancient Rome. We have the 
power to destroy the world, if we wanted. What are our biggest companies, 
and best scientists working on? Ways to make one's home theater be more 
enjoyable. Ever hear of Sony needing a grant so they can build better 
walkmen? How about GM, wanting federal funding for their engine R&D labs? 
Fuck no. Know why? People want DVD players more than they want to cure AIDS, 
or end hunger in Africa and South America. They really don't care about 
the world in general, as long as they have their 5.1 speaker Dolby DTS 
surround sound. And then we outsource the labor to build these things to a 
country that runs over their citizens with tanks, so Americans and French 
and English and Japanese won't have to pay as much for their DVD players, 
because they can pay the cheap labor a nickle an hour. Now, I ask you, are 
DVD players evil or what?"
	- Dave G.

-------------------------

"You see, Florida is called "The Sunshine State," because apprentally 
we're the only state in the union which recives light from the giant ball 
of fire in the sky we Floridans have taken to calling "The Sun," or 
"Don't Look Directly At it, Stupid." Thankfully, since the invention 
of the lightbulb, other states are now able to live without perpetual 
darkness. Unfortnatly, the Sun drives people insane, and thus everyone in 
Florida except me is crazy. This is why they do things like ruin national 
elections and actually pay money to go to Kennedy Space Center. Floridians 
have yet to figure out how to drive, oftentimes distracted by the decapitated 
heads on other people's cars. Contrary to myth, Aligators do not come 
out at night and steal our children. We leave the children out for the 
Aligators to take, and if they survive, they'll think twice before talking 
back again." 
	- Wyvern.

-------------------------

"Below is a story about a recent wedding that took place at Clemson.
This was a huge wedding with about 300 guests. After the wedding at the
reception, the groom got up on stage at the microphone to talk to the crowd.
He said that he wanted to thank everyone for coming, many from long
distances, to support them at their wedding. He especially wanted to thank
the bride's and groom's families for coming and to thank his new
father-in-law for providing such a fabulous reception. To thank everyone for
coming and bringing gifts and everything, he said he wanted to give everyone
a special gift from just him. So he taped to the bottom of everyone's chair
was a manila envelope including the wedding party. He said that was his gift
to everyone, and told everyone to open the envelopes. Inside each manila
envelope was a 8x10 picture of his best man having sex with the bride. (He
had gotten suspicious of the two of them and hired a private detective to
trail them weeks prior to the wedding.) After he stood there and watched the
people's reactions for a couple of minutes, he turned to the best man and
said "Fuck you," he turned to the bride and said "Fuck you," and then he
turned to the dumbfounded crowd and said "I'm out of here." He had the
marriage annulled first thing that Monday morning. While most of us would
have broken off the engagement immediately after finding out about the
affair, this guy goes through with it anyway as if nothing was wrong.

His revenge:
1) Making the bride's parents pay over $32,000 for a 300 guest wedding and
reception.
2) Letting everyone know exactly what did happen.
3) And best of all, trashing the bride's and best man's reputations in front
of all of their friends, their entire families

i.e. their parents, brothers, sisters, grandparents, nieces and nephews,etc.
This guy has balls the size of church bells."
	- Washuu-Chan. 

-------------------------

"On the first day of withdrawl, my doctor gave to me... a partridge in 
a pear tree!

On the second day of withdrawl, my doctor gave to me...  2 class action 
suits, and a partridge in a pear tree!

On the third day of withdrawl, my doctor gave to me... 3 bribed FDA 
officials, 2 class action  suits, and a partridge in a pear Tree!

On the fourth day of withdrawl, my doctor gave to me... 4 civil suits, 3 
bribed FDA officials, 2 class action suits, and a partridge in a pear tree!

On the fifth day of withdrawl, my doctor gave to me... 5 suuuuuuuicides! 4 
civil suits, 3 bribed  FDA officials, 2 class action suits, and a partridge 
in a pear tree!

On the sixth day of withdrawl, my doctor gave to me... 6 recalls, 5 
suuuuuuuicides! 4 civil suits,  3 bribed FDA officials, 2 class action 
suits, and a partridge in a pear tree!

On the seventh day of withdrawl, my doctor gave to me... 7 20/20 specials, 
6 recalls, 5  suuuuuuuicides! 4 civil suits, 3 bribed FDA officials, 2 class 
action suits, and a partridge in a pear tree!

On the eighth day of withdrawl, my doctor gave to me... 8 school shootings, 
7 20/20 specials, 6  recalls, 5 suuuuuuuicides! 4 civil suits, 3 bribed FDA 
officials, 2 class action suits, and a partridge in a pear tree!

On the ninth day of withdrawl, my doctor gave to me... 9 addicts without 
insurance, 8 school  shootings, 7 20/20 specials, 6 recalls, 5 suuuuuuuicides! 
4 civil suits, 3 bribed FDA officials, 2  class action suits, and a partridge 
in a pear tree!

On the tenth day of withdrawl, my doctor gave to me... 10 doctors-a-prescribin', 
9 addicts without  insurance, 8 school shootings, 7 20/20 specials, 6 recalls, 
5 suuuuuuuicides! 4 civil suits, 3  bribed FDA officials, 2 class action suits, 
and a partridge in a pear tree!

On the eleventh day of withdrawl, my doctor gave to me... 11 halfed doses, 
10 doctors-a-prescribin', 9 addicts without insurance, 8 school shootings, 
7 20/20 specials, 6  recalls, 5 suuuuuuuicides! 4 civil suits, 3 bribed 
FDA officials, 2 class action suits, and a partridge in a pear tree!

On the twelfth day of withdrawl, my doctor gave to me... 12 greedy drug 
company execs, 11 halfed  doses, 10 doctors-a-prescribin', 9 addicts without 
insurance, 8 school shootings, 7 20/20  specials, 6 recalls, 5 suuuuuuuicides! 
4 civil suits, 3 bribed FDA officials, 2 class action  suits, and a partridge 
in a pear tree...!"

	- Atma, on prescription drugs.

-------------------------

<quoted post>
Coli:  "Illegal shit is the only shit worth finding."
JT:  "I'm so metal I shit power tools."
Eyeglazer:  "Same shit, different day."
Cliezon:  "Confusing, this shit is."
Greg Cook:  "I'm too old for this shit."
CabbitXtreme:  "Here's a ninety-page story about a cabbit and a big
pile of shit..."
Avenger:  "I don't care about any of your nasty poop."
Kain:  <vomits in wastebasket>
Rob Browning:  "Damn, that's one big pile of shit."
John Ford:  "Your opinion is shit because it's not the opinion I told
you to have."
Atma:  "STFU, cumguzzling shitbird."
Small Girl:  "Oh, look at the cute pile of shit!  I'm going to name you
Clarisse!"
Ramen Junkie:  "I have a shitty job."
Funk:  "That shit's nothing compared to my huge cock."
Linda:  "Snip your piece of shit sig, coli!"
Justin Sueno:  "A sig without me is like a toilet without shit."
Cypher:  "Let's smoke this shit."
Dr. Evil:  "Read my shit or pay me...  ONE MILLION DOLLARS!"
Jason:  "I don't give enough shit to say more than one sentence at a
time."
Nick Zitzmann:  "If I post the FAQ, all this shit will go away."
A.Weirdo:  "I'm not taking any racist shit from anybody."
Sky Render:  "Who translated this shit?!"
Kwarlord:  "If it's not Nintendo, it's shit."
Charon:  "The undead don't NEED to give a shit."
Jiro:  "Whatcha gonna do when the shit of Jiromania comes, boy?!"
</quoted post>
	- AGFF Feces.

-------------------------

1. Get a LOT of explosives. The more the better. 
2. Hook up a detonator to an altimeter. Set it for 100-200 feet. That 
will give you good dispersion. 
3. Mix vaseline and gasoline in a bucket. 
4. Find a really tall building. Something like the World Trade Center is 
perfect and is in a sufficiently crowded area to generate the proper 
sized crowd. 
5. Get an extra large trench coat, ski mask, duct tape and a lighter. 
6. Bring your materials to the top of your building. Liberally apply the 
vaseline-gasoline mixture to your entire body. Duct tape the explosives 
around your legs, arms, head and torso. The more you use the better. You 
cannot overdo this. Attach the altimeter to the explosives. 
7. Put on the trench coat and mask so that the explosives are not visible. 
8. Start ranting and throwing things so that you are sure to attract 
notice. Drag this part out as long as possible. Say anything that comes 
to mind but try to stay away from real problems. Your love life DOES NOT 
make for a good sound bite. Ask for news cameras from the major networks. 
Pace around a lot while waving your arms. 
9. DO NOT let on that you have explosives on your body. The police will 
clear the area and you definitely don't want that. 
10. When you've gotten the crowd to a fevered pitch, when the helicopters 
are hovering like vultures, whip off the jacket and set yourself on fire. 
11. Wait until you are completely engulfed in flame, then jump. 
12. Try to steer yourself towards the crowd. That way flaming falling 
body parts will pelt the fleeing onlookers when you explode. 
13. Congratulations! You've just made history. 
	- Cool Ways to Kill Yourself.

-------------------------

"No warranties, either express or implied, are hereby given. All 
software is supplied as is, without guarantee. The user assumes all 
responsibility for damages resulting from the use of these features, 
including, but not limited to, frustration, disgust, system abends, 
disk head-crashes, general malfeasance, floods, fires, shark attack, 
nerve gas, locust infestation, cyclones, hurricanes, tsunamis, local 
electromagnetic disruptions, hydraulic brake system failure, 
invasion, hashing collisions, normal wear and tear of friction 
surfaces, cosmic radiation, inadvertent destruction of sensitive 
electronic components, windstorms, the Riders of Nazgul, infuriated 
chickens, malfunctioning mechanical or electrical sexual devices, 
premature activation of the distant early warning system, peasant 
uprisings, halitosis, artillery bombardment, explosions, cave-ins, 
and/or frogs falling from the sky."
	- Linux fortune teller.

-------------------------

Once upon a midnight dreary, while I websurfed, weak and weary, 
..Over many a strange and spurious website of 'hot chicks galore', 
..While I clicked my fav'rite bookmark, suddenly there came a warning, 
..And my heart was filled with mourning, mourning for my dear amour. 
.."'Tis not possible," I muttered, "give me back my cheap hardcore!" - 
Quoth the server: "404". 
	- Unknown.

-------------------------

"In the beginning, Man created God, and in the image of Man 
created He Him.

And Man gave unto God a multitude of names, that he might be
Lord over all the earth when it was suited to Man.

And on the seven millionth day Man rested and leaned heavily 
upon his God and saw that it was good.

And Man formed Aqualung of the dust of the ground, and a 
host of others likened unto his kind.

And these lesser men Man did cast into the void. And some were
burned; and some were put apart from their kind.

And Man became the God that he had created and with his 
miracles did rule over all the earth.

But as all these things did come to pass, the Spirit that 
did cause Man to create his God lived on within all men; even
within Aqualung.

And Man saw it not.

But for Christ's sake he'd better start looking."

	- Jethro Tull.

-------------------------

"I was told today that I should be happy, because I am 
finally entering the real world. I am 18 and leaving 
highschool for this real world.

Well I have a few things to say to all of you about to 
go out into the real world.

To all of you that have ever held a friend's head as they
threw up the three bottles of pills they had just swallowed.

To all of you who have ever been woken up at 3 in the 
morning by a friend calling you hysterically crying to 
tell you that another friend had just been killed in a car 
crash.

To all of you that have kept the dirty secret of your what 
your father did to you when you were only 5.

To all of you that have spent an entire night studying for 
a test becuase you knew that if you failed it you would be 
held back a year.

To all of you that have sat with a gun against your temple 
wishing you had a friend.

To all of you who have laid on the ground while a group of 
people soruonded you to kick you until your arm and three 
ribs were broken.

To all of you who have sat frozen in place as a teenager 
with a gun shot those around you.

To all of you that have pulled your newspaper blanket around 
you in the cold of the night wishing you had a home to sleep in.

To all of you who spent agnozing days of your lives trying 
to kick your heroin habit, only to fail again.

To all of you that have just sat down to cry as you realised 
that the world was against you.

To all of you that have stood in front of the abortion clinic 
trying to decide.

To all of you that have watched a smart creative person hide 
their mind for fear of being insulted and degraded by there peers.

To all of you that have known that you have a monster lurking 
in your soul and have fought to quell its hunger.

To all of you that have walked up to the casket of the person 
whose life you stole by sitting behind the wheel of that car drunk.

To all of you that have watched your father waste away from the 
cancer that infested him.

To all of you that have been held down while the guy you thought 
you could trust raped you.

To all of you that have worn sunglasses to hide the bruises 
your mom left on you for not cleaning your room.

To all of you that have pulled a half eaten penut butter and 
jelly sandwich from the garbage becuase it was the first thing 
you had seen to eat in three days.

To all of you I say:
Our simple carefree lives of children are over."

	- Michael Hill.

------------------------- 

"Who during their high school years ever found themselves hassled 
by the weirdos? It was always the "normal" kids, often encouraged 
by the values of their parents or the status their popularity or 
athletic ability conferred upon them, who made life hell for their 
less popular classmates. And in a climate that worships the 
conventional, the clean-cut, the predictable, the easily assimilated, 
it becomes even harder to convince school officials of how popular 
kids abuse their status. The people who have set themselves so firmly 
against Goth kids and all the other kids who don't conform have yet 
to grasp that the suffocating perfection they present is the best 
argument for the styles they're decrying. That they seem to have 
the upper hand in the current political and cultural climate is 
frightening, more frightening than anything the Gothic imagination, 
for all its glorious history, could concoct."

	- Charles Taylor.

------------------------- 

"The meaning of life is simply something that religions have strived 
to define for ages; that is, concrete proof that their way of believing 
is the right way of believing.  Because I am rather a nihilist, and 
an athiest, I cannot accept that there is a giant cosmic secret that 
would tell me how to be happy and healthy and live in God's good 
grace.  As I observe humanity, the endless diversity and variety, 
such an idea becomes absurd to me, because all these people are 
seeking the meaning of life, as though they themselves are not living 
in the way they think fit.  My place as a human is not to judge 
the validity of various people's claims, and I can no longer believe 
that science will reveal the meaning of life, because our minds and 
scientific systems are not even equipped the measure that most 
fundamental of universal theory- that of the concept of infinity.  

It is because of these reasons that no, I cannot beleive in a soul, 
nor a god, not a unified field theory.  I believe that my life is 
what I make of it, be it good or bad, because in the end, we're the 
ones who control our fates, most of the time.  My enemies are those 
who try to gain control over my life, so they can count me as another 
believer in their philosophy.  The meaning of my life is to love and 
be loved by Jolene, because she validates my existence, as I validate 
hers.  Who are we, if no one loves us, I ask you?

Plus, I have a really cool hat, and that has to count for something."
	- Dave G.

-------------------------

"But a man with a gun is told only that which people assume will
not provoke him to pull the trigger. Since all authority and 
government are based on force, the master class, with its burden 
of omniscience, faces the servile class, with its burden of 
nescience, precisely as a highwayman faces his victim. *Communication
is possible only between equals.* The master class never abstracts
enough information from the servile class to know what is actually
going on in the world where the actual productivity of society
occurs. Furthermore, the logogram of any authoritarian society 
remains fairly inflexible as time passes, but everything else in 
the universe constantly changes. The result can only be a progressive
disorientation among the rulers. The end is debacle.

The schizophrenia of authoritarianism exists both in the individual 
and in the whole society.

I call this the Snafu Principle."
	- Hagbard Celine, "Never Whistle While You're Pissing."

-------------------------

	"Richard, in being so fierce toward my vampire, you were doing 
what you wanted to do, even though you thought it was going to hurt 
someone else. He even told you he'd be hurt if..."
	"He was going to suck my blood!"
	"Which is what we do to anyone when we tell them we'll be hurt 
if they don't live our way."
	"..."
	"The thing that puzzles you," he said, "is an accepted saying 
that happens to be impossible. The phrase is hurt somebody else. 
We choose, ourselves, to be hurt or not to be hurt, no matter what. 
Us who decides. Nobody else. My vampire told you he'd be hurt if 
you didn't let him? That's his decision to be hurt, that's his 
choice. What you do about it is your decision, your choice: give 
him blood; ignore him; tie him up; drive a stake through his heart. 
If he doesn't want the holly stake, he's free to resist, in whatever 
way he wants. It goes on and on, choices, choices."
	"When you look at it that way...."
	"Listen," he said, "it's important. We are all. Free. To do. 
Whatever. We want. To do."

	- Richard Bach, "Illusions."

-------------------------

Asked to give a toast before the prestigious New York Press Club, 
John Swinton, the former Chief of Staff at the New York Times, made 
this candid confession [it's worth noting that Swinton was called 
"The Dean of His Profession" by other newsmen, who admired him greatly]: 

"There is no such thing, at this date of the world's history, as an 
independent press. You know it and I know it. There is not one of you 
who dares to write your honest opinions, and if you did, you know 
beforehand that it would never appear in print. I am paid weekly for 
keeping my honest opinions out of the paper I am connected with. Others 
of you are paid similar salaries for similar things, and any of you 
who would be so foolish as to write honest opinions would be out on 
the streets looking for another job.

If I allowed my honest opinions to appear in one issue of my paper, 
before twenty-four hours my occupation would be gone. The business 
of the journalist is to destroy the truth; to lie outright; to 
pervert; to vilify; to fawn at the feet of mammon, and to sell the 
country for his daily bread. You know it and I know it and what folly 
is this toasting an independent press. We are the tools and vassals 
of the rich men behind the scenes. We are the jumping jacks, they 
pull the strings and we dance. Our talents, our possibilities and 
our lives are all the property of other men. We are intellectual 
prostitutes."

-------------------------

"This is our world now...the world of the electron and the switch, 
the beauty of the baud. We make use of a service already existing 
without paying for what could be dirt-cheap if it wasn't run by 
profiteering gluttons, and you call us criminals. We explore...and 
you call us criminals. We seek after knowledge...and you call us 
criminals. We exist without skin colour, without nationality, without 
religious bias...and you call us criminals. You build atomic bombs, 
you wage wars, you murder, cheat, and lie to us and try to make us 
believe it's for our own good, yet we're the criminals. 

Yes, I am a criminal. My crime is that of curiosity. My crime is that 
of judging people by what they say and think, not what they look like. 

My crime is that of outsmarting you, something that you will never 
forgive me for. I am a hacker, and this is my manifesto. You may 
stop this individual, but you can't stop us all...after all, we're 
all alike." 

	- The Mentor, "The Conscience of a Hacker" 


-------------------------

Cynicism in Action:

-------------------------


"The story thus far: In the beginning, the Universe was created. This has 
made a lot of people very angry and been widely regarded as a bad move."
	- Douglas Adams.

"This life is a test. It is only a test. Had this been an actual life, you
would have received further instructions as to what to do and where to go."
	- Linux fortune teller.

"Pessimism is just an ugly word for pattern recognition."
	- Unknown.

"The best place to seek God is in a garden. You can dig for Him there."
	- George Bernard Shaw.

"Remember, in a job interview the more you lie the better."
	- Mike.

"It may be that your whole purpose in life is simply to serve as 
a warning to others." 
	- Unknown.

"Teenagers in my world (and a whole lot of young adults) are petty,
self-possessed, self-indulgent and superficial. Most of their
emotional moments are rather thinly veiled attempts to gain attention
and self-respect. Love relationships, while theoretically supposed to
be the LEAST infected with cynicism and ego inflation, actually
feature the the worst cases of both."
	- John Ford.

"Ah, the dump that is the public school system...."
	- Falimortalis.

"School! A lot of my confusion as a human being would have cleared right 
up if I'd met just one person, among my educators, who didn't act 
surprised that I hated it, and them."
	- Denis Johnson.

"The meek shall inherit the earth -- they're too weak to refuse." 
	- Graffiti.

"There is a 20% chance of tomorrow."
	- Linux fortune teller.

"Heck, we public school students ARE indentured servants: We have 
to serve 12 years without pay and were never asked if we wanted 
to join or not."
	- From the Dilbert LOTD.

"This is America. We only punish [people] for doing shit like hitchhiking."
	- Atma.

"If you want to understand your government, don't begin by reading the
constitution. It conveys precious little of the flavor of today's 
statecraft. Instead, read selected portions of the Washington telephone 
directory containing listings for all the organizations with titles 
beginning with the word 'National.'"
	- George Will.

"Well, in a capitalist society, morals are worth however much 
the churches want to pay the government to enforce them."
	- Dave G.

"A friend of mine won't get a divorce, because he hates lawyers more 
than he hates his wife."
	- Unknown.

"Dear God: This is to inform you that your current position as diety is
herewith terminated due to gross incompetence. Your check will be mailed.
Please do not use me for a reference."
	- Malaclypse the Younger.

"If voting could change something, it would be illegal."
	- Graffiti.

"We are the people our parents warned us about."
	- Graffiti.

"Most people prefer to believe their leaders are just and fair even 
in the face of evidence to the contrary, because once a citizen 
aknowledges that the government under which they live is lying and 
corrupt, the citizen has to choose what he or she will do about it. 
To take action in the face of a corrupt government entails risks of 
harm to life and loved ones. To choose to do nothing is to surrender 
one's self-image of standing for principles. Most people do not have 
the courage to face that choice. Hence, most propaganda is not 
designed to fool the critical thinker but only to give moral cowards 
an excuse not to think at all." 
	- Michael Rivero.

"Earth is a beta site."
	- Unknown.

"100,000 lemmings can't be wrong!"
	- Unknown.

"There is no doubt in my mind, that someday, somewhere, I will meet the 
girl of my dreams. The woman who was made just for me. She'll have a 
great sense of humor, a great personality, intelligence, and maybe even 
a great body. And I'm confident that she'll also have a boyfriend."
	- the Chicks Suck guy.

"Somewhere on this globe, every ten seconds, there is a woman giving
birth to a child. She must be found and stopped."
	- Sam Levenson.

"The only difference between a car salesman and a computer salesman is
that the car salesman knows he's lying."
	- Unknown.

"Freelance isn't bad, but you have to really be good at PR. Or, as the 
more vulgar call it, shoveling huge, steaming loads of bullshit."
	- Dave G.

"People with no culture who believe the government should preserve 
their culture, people who believe they will die if every cleaning product
in their house isn't antibiotic, people who complain about the price
of gas as they fill up their SUVs, and people Jay Leno has on "Jay-Walking"
segments more than once should not be allowed to breed. I don't condone
murder, but it might be the only way to stop them."
	- David Anez.

"If you think nobody cares if you're alive, try missing a couple of 
car payments."
	- Earl Wilson.

"A bank is a place that will lend you money if you can prove that you
don't need it."
	- Bob Hope.

"Jury: Twelve people who determine which client has the better lawyer."
	- Bumper sticker.

"If you ever see me getting beaten by the police, put down the video 
camera and come help me instead."
	- Bobcat Goldthwait.

"The reason attempted suicide is illegal: The government can't tax you 
if you're dead."
	- Unknown.

"God is dead, burn the flag."
	- Kurt Cobain.

"I believe God created the earth because he hates people." 
	- Wally.

"It is a choice between two evils, and I am going to shut my eyes, hold 
my nose, vote, go home and disinfect myself."
	- Letter to former President Cleveland.

"G. W. Bush: Public Enemy #1. Wanted for Grand Theft Nation. 
Accomplices include brother and five gang members in black robes. 
Supporters are to be presumed armed and dangerous."
	- Ed Scarbrough.

"Democracy: Four wolves and one lamb voting on lunch."
	- Unknown.

"This is not a court of Justice, young man, it is a court of Law!"
	- Oliver Holmes Jr., US Supreme Court Justice.

"I wonder if these federally mandated tests will include brainteasers 
such as 'If a violently ill child with a fever of 103 has his 
temperature taken every hour on the hour, how long will it be before 
he feels better? A) One hour, B) one day, C) one week or D) when the 
doctor finally puts down the thermometer and gives him some Tylenol.'"
	- Arianna Huffington.

"Public safety was not a Washington priority for a simple reason: There 
was no industry paying off politicians to make it one." 
	- Ditto.

"Republican Syndrome: A neurological disorder characterized by 
spontaneous, uncontrollable outbursts of mind-boggling hypocrisy."
	- Unknown.

"In memoriam,
The US Constitution,
born: 17 September 1787; to Washington, Jefferson and Madison.
died: 27 October 2001; murdered by Bush, Ashcroft and Ridge."
	- Rich Goranson.

"That's a bit of an overstatement. It actually died about the same time as
the civil war. <nods>"
	- Dave G., referring to the above.

"Oppression and harassment are a good price to pay, to live in the land
of the free."
	- Mr. Burns.

"In the land of the blind, the man with one eye will be stoned to death."
	- Unknown. 

"You don't need to keep looking for reasons to be disgusted with humanity. 
Just step outside your dorm room."
	- Kathy.

"Modern man is the missing link between apes and human beings." 
	- Linux fortune teller.

"The problem with America is stupidity. I'm not saying there should 
be a capital punishment for stupidity, but why don't we just take 
the safety lables off of everything and let the problem solve itself?" 
	- Unknown.

"It's not America I have a problem with, it's the Americans."
	- Unknown.

"Never underestimate the power of stupid people in large groups."
	- Despair.com.

"The program isn't debugged until the last user is dead."
	- Unknown.

"I bet if there was one person that went to hell, it was Murphy. To hell
with Hitler. BURN MURPHY BURN."
	- Atma.

"I will endure all this subhuman driveling shit with a smile."
	- Unknown.

"In the book of betrayals, Chapter One is 'Trust.'"
	- Mistwalker.

"Just when you think you've hit rock bottom, someone goes and throws you
a shovel."
	- Unknown.

"When the shovel starts striking sparks, someone throws you a jackhammer."
	- My addenum to the above.

"Son, I just want you to know: life is a black, sucking vortex of anguish
and despair, filled with brief moments of false hope and empty joy, all
the while dragging you inevitably closer to final, absolute, and eternal
death."
	- Unknown.

"The difference between common sense and paranoia is that common sense 
is thinking everyone is out to get you. That's normal -- they are. 
Paranoia is thinking that they're conspiring."
	- J. Kegler.

"Life is pain. Anybody that tells you differently is selling something."
	- William Goldman.

"The secret to life is that there is no secret at all, and you don't get
your money back."
	- Faith Hill.

"I have plenty of talent and vision. I just don't give a damn."
	- Unknown.

"Paranoia is simply an optimistic outlook on life."
	- Unknown.

"Every dark cloud has its silver lining, but lightning kills hundreds of
people each year who are trying to find it."
	- Despair.com.

"I was part of that strange race of people aptly described as spending
their lives doing things they detest to make money they don't want to buy
things they don't need to impress people they dislike."
	- Emile Henry Gauvreay.

"People tend to make rules for others and exceptions for themselves."
	- Unknown.

"We're all fucked. It helps to remember that."
	- George Carlin.

"The power of accurate observation is often called cynicism by those
that have not got it." 
	- George Bernard Shaw.

-------------------------

Lists

-------------------------


PICKUP LINES THAT MAY GET YOU KILLED

(first seen on battlereports.com by The Scarab)

1. If you and I were squirrels, could I bust a nut in your hole?
2. I'd like to wrap your legs around my head and wear you like a
feedbag.
3. If it's true that we are what we eat, I could be you by morning!
4. How do you like your eggs: poached, scrambled, or fertilized?
5. I was about to go masturbate and I needed a name to go with your
face.
6. My love for you is like diarrhea--I just can't hold it in.
7. Roses are red. Violets are blue. I like spaghetti. Let's go fuck.
8. Is that a keg in your pants? 'Cause I would love to tap that ass!
9. If your right leg was Thanksgiving, and your left leg was Christmas,
could I meet you between the holidays?
10. You remind me of a championship bass--I don't know whether to mount
you or eat you!
11. Your parents must be retarded because you are special.
12. Could I touch your belly button . . . from the inside?
13. I'm not too good at algebra, but doesn't U+I = 69?
14. How about we play lion and lion tamer? You hold your mouth open and
I'll put my head in.

-------------------------

THINGS THAT SOUND DIRTY IN GOLF

1. Look at the size of his putter.
2. Oh, dang, my shaft's all bent.
3. You really wacked the hell out of that sucker.
4. After 18 holes I can barely walk.
5. My hands are so sweaty that I can't get a good grip.
6. Lift your head and spread your legs.
7. You have a nice stroke, but your follow through leaves a lot to be desired.
8. Just turn your back and drop it.
9. Hold up, I have to wash my balls. 
10. Damn, I missed the hole again.

-------------------------

FORTUNE'S DIET TRUTHS

1:  Forget what the cookbooks say, plain yogurt tastes nothing like 
    sour cream.
2:  Any recipe calling for soybeans tastes like mud.
3:  Carob is not an acceptable substitute for chocolate.  In fact, 
    carob is not an acceptable substitute for anything, except, 
    perhaps, brown shoe polish.
4:  There is no such thing as a "fun salad."  So let's stop pretending 
    and see salads for what they are:  God's punishment for being fat.
5:  Fruit salad without maraschino cherries and marshmallows is about as
    appealing as tepid beer.
6:  A world lacking gravy is a tragic place!
7:  You should immediately pass up any recipes entitled "luscious and
    low-cal."  Also skip dishes featuring "lively liver."  They 
    aren't and it isn't.
8:  Wearing a blindfold often makes many diet foods more palatable.
9:  Fresh fruit is not dessert.  CAKE is dessert!
10: Okra tastes slightly worse than its name implies.
11: A plain baked potato isn't worth the effort involved in chewing and
    swallowing.

-------------------------

SIGNS YOU ARE A DRUNKEN BASTARD:

1. You frequently urinate outdoors. 
2. You first wake up and you're afraid you're gonna die and a half hour 
later you're afraid you won't. 
3. You fall asleep taking a dump. 
4. You believe that spilling a beer is Alcohol abuse. 
5. You go to the john to hurl, but you take your beer with you. 
6. You find its easier to study drunk. 
7. You're on a first name basis at the detoxification center. 
8. Beer ads make sense. 
9. You wake up to the sound of your dog drinking out of the toilet, and 
you are so dry that it sounds mighty thrist quenching. 
10. You wake the next moring and start drinking a few of the half empties 
left sitting around the room. 
11. The space on your drivers license that tells your eye color 
reads "bloodshot". 
12. You fall down a flight of steps and DON'T spill a drop of your beer. 
13. You need to take witnesses with you to confession because you can't 
exactly remember what you did and the priest wouldn't believe you anyway. 
14. You mix your coctails by the liter. 
15. You grow a beard because it stops beer that's running down your chin. 
16. You put off urinating in hopes of reaching that near orgasmic zen 
like piss. 
17. You wake up in the gutter, spit our several broken teeth, haul 
yourself to your feet, brush yourself off, and think "Shit, this is 
no way for a Bishop to behave..." 
18. You explain to your bank manager that you spent your overdraft 
"mainly on beer and women; the rest I just wasted". 
19. The bottle says 20 standard drinks but you only get 5. 
20. You spell Alcohol with a capital letter out of respect. 
21. You wake up the night after a party to put your clothes on and there 
aren't any. 
22. You find yourself saying "Honesly occifer I only hads tree bears 
tonight!" while snickering at his funny hat. 

-------------------------

HORROR FILM WISDOM: 

1. When it seems that you've killed the monster, never check to see if 
   it's really dead.
2. If you find that your house is built upon or near a cemetery, was 
   once a church used for black masses, had previous inhabitants who 
   went mad or committed suicide or died in some horrible fashion or who 
   performed necrophilia or satanic practices, move away immediately. 
3. Do not search the basement, especially when the power has just gone out. 
4. If your children speak to you in Latin or any other language which 
   they do not know, or if they speak using a voice other than their own, 
   shoot them at once. It will save you a lot of grief in the long 
   run. Note: it's unlikely they'll die easy, so be prepared. 
5. When you have the benefit of numbers, never go alone. 
6. If you're searching for something which caused a noise and find out 
   that it's just the cat, leave the room immediately if you value your 
   life. 
7. If you're running from the monster, you will most likely trip or 
   fall. If you are female you certainly will. 
8. Stay away from certain geographical locations, some of which are 
   listed here: Amityville, Elm Street, Transylvania, Nilbog (God help 
   you if you recognize this one), the Bermuda Triangle, or any small 
   town in Maine, especially if it is called Derry. 
9. If your car runs out of gas at night, do not go to the nearby 
   deserted-looking house to phone for help. 
10. When something bad is chasing you, bear in mind that when you try 
   to start your car, no matter how reliable the vehicle is normally, 
   you'll have to crank the engine over many times before it will fire up. 
11. People arriving to rescue you generally get ambushed by the 
   monster, so don't rely on them as your only means of escape. In fact, 
   expect to be surprised and delayed by encountering their flayed 
   corpse at some point. 
12. Do not call the police as they are either evil and will turn you 
   in or will not believe you and laugh at you. Either way, you must 
   handle the problem yourself. 
13. If you are using a gun to combat the all-comsuming evil, it is a 
   good idea to quickly find a new means of defense, because no matter 
   how much ammo you have, you'll run out just before you kill the 
   monster (unless your name is Ash, in which case, you'll never have 
   to reload). 
14. If you have defeated the monster, pay close attention to the 
   camera, if it pans away for no apparent reason at all, get the heck 
   out of there. 
15. Skeptics are always proved wrong in some horrible, nasty, painful 
   way. Be a believer. 
16. If you are a child, don't panic! Monsters only attack overly 
   horny teenagers. Children can NOT be killed in a movie, only 
   possessed or absorbed. So cheer up! 
17. If you've beaten the monster into a bloody pulp and you're sure he 
   must be dead, take the opportunity to dismember, burn, eat, blow up 
   or otherwise utterly destroy him. 

-------------------------


MURPHY'S COMBAT LAWS

1. You are not a superman.
2. If it's stupid but works, it isn't stupid.
3. Don't look conspicuous; it draws fire.
4. When in doubt, empty your magazine.
5. Never share a foxhole with anyone braver than you are.
6. Never forget that your weapon is made by the lowest bidder.
7. If your attack is going really well, it's an ambush.
8. No plan survives the first initial contact.
9. All 5 second grenade fuses burn down in 3 seconds.
10. Try to look unimportant because the bad guys may be low on ammo.
11. If you are forward of your position, the artillery will fall short.
12. The enemy diversion you are ignoring is the main attack.
13. The important things are always simple.
14. The simple things are always hard.
15. The easy way is always mined.
16. When you are short of everything except enemy, you are in combat.
17. When you have secured an area, don't forget to tell the enemy.
18. Incoming fire has right of way.
19. Friendly fire isn't.
20. If the enemy is in range-SO ARE YOU!
21. No combat ready unit has ever passed inspection.
22. Things that must be together to work, usually can't 
    be shipped together.
23. Radios will fail as soon as you need support fire desperately.
24. Anything you do can get you shot; including doing nothing.
25. Tracers work both ways.
26. The only thing more accurate than incoming enemy fire is 
    incoming friendly fire.
27. Make it tough for the enemy to get in and you can't get out.
28. If you take more than your fair share of objectives, you will
    have more than your fair share of objectives to take.
29. When both sides are convinced they are about to lose, they are 
    both right.
30. Professional soldiers are predictable, but the world is full
    of amateurs.
31. Murphy was a grunt.

-------------------------

OFFICIAL PROJECT STAGES

1. Uncritical Acceptance
2. Wild Enthusiasm
3. Dejected Disillusionment
4. Total Confusion
5. Search for the Guilty
6. Punishment of the Innocent
7. Promotion of the Non-Participants

-------------------------

PROPOSED ADDITIONS TO THE PDP-11 INSTRUCTION SET:

DC      Divide and Conquer
DMPK    Destroy Memory Protect Key
DO      Divide and Overflow
EMPC    Emulate Pocket Calculator
EPI     Execute Programmer Immediately
EROS    Erase Read Only Storage
EXCE    Execute Customer Engineer
HCF     Halt and Catch Fire
IBP     Insert Bug and Proceed
INSQSW  Insert into queue somewhere (for FINO queues [First in never out])
PBC     Print and Break Chain
PDSK    Punch Disk
BH      Branch and Hang
CDS     Condense and Destroy System
CLBRI   Clobber Register Immediately

-------------------------

AIM and Fire:

-------------------------


Eyeglazer: 	Heh. I had about four times the kills you 
	     	did.
DaveG 1000: ...oh really?
Eyeglazer: 	Yep. :)
DaveG 1000: <dryly> That's just because you couldn't 
		keep your finger off the big red button.

(Dave and I, after I nuked his ass at Starcraft. <evil
laugh>)

-------------------------

Eyeglazer: 	Murphy has been unkind to me lately. 'Tis 
		only to be expected.
DaveG 1000: Karma, man.
Eyeglazer: 	Heh. What'd I do to deserve the punishment, eh? ;)
DaveG 1000: Every StarCraft game you've ever played.

(Dave and I again. Pretty self-explanatory. :) 

-------------------------

Eyeglazer: 	Seriously, though, congratulations. Convert her 
		to Starcraft. <nods>
Dave G: 	I'll have to send her a copy, yeah. She'd dig it, I bet. 
Eyeglazer: 	Yes. Train her. Then we can take bets on whether 
		Kathy can beat her. ;)
Dave G: 	I don't like any bets with you that involve my girlfriends. ;-)
Eyeglazer: 	So says the man who won the last one. ;)
Eyeglazer: 	Call this a chance to even the score. ;)

(Are we noticing a pattern yet? ;)

-------------------------

Eyeglazer: 	Hmph. I guess if they'd figured out what it 
		meant, they'd've already crucified me for it.
Neo Atma: 	True
Eyeglazer: 	Either that or they're still trying to figure 
		out what the hell to do about it. O_o
Neo Atma: 	Maybe they're afraid if they say anything 
		you'll turn them into frogs.  :)

(Atma and I, after I found out that my parents had removed
my books on magic from my desk drawer)

-------------------------


Dave G.: 	Say, what's the sound of one hand hitting 
		you on the back of your head? <thwack>
Eyeglazer: 	I don't know. What's the sound of said 
		hand coming into contact with my invisible  
		spined helmet? ;) 
Dave G.: 	Still thwack. I don't believe in your helmet.
Eyeglazer: 	I don't believe in your hand. ;)

-------------------------

Bane Final: My girlfriend is bragging about her ethernet....
Katya Moon: Ouch. 
Bane Final: Goddammit.
John007Z: 	Bane, I have Ethernet.
Bane Final: Yeah, but I don't have sex with you, CX.

(Excerpt from chatroom) 

-------------------------

Dave G.: 	Gah. Talking to one's parents over AIM 
		would totally fuck me up. ;-)
Eyeglazer: 	LOL! Why?
Eyeglazer: 	I actually find it easier. Maybe because 
		I'm more used to communicating this way.
Dave G.: 	Just disconcerting... talking to my mom 
		over the same medium I've used to have lurid 
		cybersex? It'd be really weird. 
Eyeglazer: 	ROFL!
Dave G.: 	Not to mention, suppose I was trying to do both 
		at once, and accidentally typed the wrong thing 
		into the wrong window? That'd take a long time 
		to explain. <nods>

-------------------------

Slipgates: Are you gonna talk or am I gonna walk off 
           without you getting to the point of why you're happy?
Eyeglazer: Hmm...well now, let's see...
Eyeglazer: Tell you what, do you play chess?
Slipgates: Nope.
Eyeglazer: <nods> Good. If you can beat me in a game, I'll 
           tell you why I'm on a lunatic high.

(Sadism)

-------------------------

Atma: 	Gonna do a backup today
Eyeglazer: 	Err, yeah. Might be a good thing. What are you 
		going to back up to?
Atma: 	Everything?
Eyeglazer: 	No, no...what to? Zip disks? CDs? Magnetic 
		tape? Gerbil skins?
Atma: 	Gerbil skins.

-------------------------

Dave G.: 	I bought a bunch of fans for my system today. 
		Thing sounds like a fucking jet engine now. 
Eyeglazer: 	This wouldn't have anything to do with trying 
		to pump your processor speed four hundred MHz 
		beyond suggested levels, would it? ;)
Dave G.: 	I don't want to talk about that anymore. ;-)

-------------------------

Tchntm 43: 	I feel great today!
Eyeglazer: 	Ah?
Tchntm 43: 	I stood up to the big corporation and they 
		backed down
Eyeglazer: 	Excellent. What'd they do? O_o
Tchntm 43: 	This magazine company I had 7 unwanted 
		subscriptions through because of trickery 
		on their part... Apparently I was not 
		supposed to be able to cancel... I told 
		them I had contacted the Business Bureau 
		and was informed that what their company 
		was doing was similar to what got Publisher's 
		Clearing House in trouble years ago, and that 
		if they did not cancel my subscriptions, I 
		would be contacting that bureau again and 
		filing a formal complaint. The person on 
		the phone then said, "Well, I am cancelling 
		your subscriptions as you speak."
Eyeglazer: 	<snickers> Nice. ;)
Tchntm 43: 	It's a good thing, too, because I was BSing 
		about the business bureau.... I haven't 
		talked to them.
Eyeglazer: 	LOL!
Eyeglazer: 	Way to go, Tech. ;)

-------------------------

Neo DRX: 	What do YOU have for trade, eh?
Eyeglazer: 	The promise that I will not do 
		anything obscenely evil to you in my fic. <nods>
Eyeglazer: 	Well?
Neo DRX: 	...
Neo DRX: 	Agreed. O_O

(X and I talking about Win2000. ;)

-------------------------

Slipgate0: seeya...........................
Eyeglazer: Heh.G'night, Slipl.
Eyeglazer: (pardon typos, new keyboard)
Slipgate0: (pardon bong-blasts, new bong)

(SNAFU)

-------------------------

Eyeglazer: This computer isn't primarily a 
	desktop, you know. ;)
Dave G: Yes, I know what. But trying to do 
	work on a server is pretty stupid, too. ;)
Eyeglazer: Of course, come to think of it, 
	even you have to admit that it *is* better
	than WinME.
Dave G: Well, so's a couple of cans and a string....

-------------------------

Eyeglazer: Goodnight. If you see Kathy, don't tell her I 
	got my system together again. :P I want to tell 
	her myself.
A Lonely Hill: Okay
A Lonely Hill: Why, though? O_o
Eyeglazer: Because it will disturb her mightily when I start 
	screeching at her like I did at you when I finally 
	got my last driver set up. ;) 
A Lonely Hill: ....
A Lonely Hill: And you want to disturb the love of your life? O_o
Eyeglazer: <adjusts tie> They don't call me the Evil 
	One for nothing. ;) 
A Lonely Hill: ....Man, you really live up to your name.
Eyeglazer: Think of it this way. I'm eviller to my friends 
	than I am to my enemies. Imagine how much eviller 
	I am to my lover. ;) 
A Lonely Hill: Was I the first one to call you that? I 
	think so, but I can't remember.
Eyeglazer: Yep. You were. And damn did I take it to heart. ;)
A Lonely Hill: Damn. Why did I do that? O_o
Eyeglazer: <evil voice> You created me, Gregory Cook.....

-------------------------

Eyeglazer: 	Hrm. Shit, I just thought of something.
Atma: 	?
Eyeglazer: 	If Bush wins the election, we're looking at a Republican 
		president and Republican control of both houses of congress. This 
		frightens me.
Atma: 	Good, maybe they'll fuck something up and somebody'll 
		nuke us
Atma: 	NUCLEAR WINTER FOR ALL!

-------------------------

Dave G.: 	True. I mean, it really makes you appreciate your 
		family when you hear about other people's, doesn't it?
Eyeglazer: 	Err...well, no. ;)
Eyeglazer: 	It just makes me more convinced that relatives 
		are evil. <nods> 
Dave G.: 	Oh. Yeah, that's better. ;-)

-------------------------

Slipgates: it's trying to download components and never 
	     succeeding in getting them anyways
Eyeglazer: Heh.
Eyeglazer: Apply plastic explosives and heat until dead.
Slipgates: you always know how to be disturbing, doincha?
Eyeglazer: ....Slip! PKB, man! ;) 

-------------------------

Neo Atma Weapon: Haha yeah I know the 
		feeling... Half the time I write shit, 
		someone thinks I stole an idea or title 
		from somewhere, but I didn't
Eyeglazer: 	Happens to everyone; the 
		chances of coming up with an idea that 
		has never been used anywhere are virtually 
		nil.
Neo Atma Weapon: Pretty much yeah
Neo Atma Weapon: For normal people, anyway.  
		For AGFFers, the chance is much higher, as 
		we have sick and demented minds to think up 
		shit normal people wouldn't.
Eyeglazer: 	This is true. ;) 

-------------------------

Dave G: 	I look at my list of forwarded ports, and 
		I find that I have more than 15 services 
		which require some type of access to the net. 
Dave G: 	(Direct, that is, not just NAT.)
Eyeglazer: 	Damn, man, what on earth are you running? O_o
Dave G: 	FTP, SSH, HTTP, SMTP, ShoutCast, PPTP, 
		POP3, RPL, WINS, DNS, DHCP, and a 
		partridge in a p-e-a-r tree. ;-)

-------------------------

Eyeglazer: 	Evil evil evil...evil...evil...evil...evil....
John007Z: 	Why yes, I am.  Why do you ask?
Eyeglazer: 	Evil...evil...
John007Z: 	Um...  Did you forget your Prozac this 
		morning or something?
Eyeglazer: 	E...v...i...l.....
John007Z: 	Yes, sir, excellent choice.  Would you 
		like your evil rare or medium well?
Eyeglazer: 	Evil...evil...
John007Z: 	I see.  Well, now, we have an excellent 
		selection of wines to go with your evil.  Would you 
		like red or white wine?  I believe red goes best 
		with rare evil.
Eyeglazer: 	Evil...
John007Z: 	And now for dessert.  Care to order dessert 
		in advance, sir?
Eyeglazer: 	<nods> Evil.
John007Z: 	All right then.  We have a wonderful side 
		order of evil pie over here....
Eyeglazer: 	How evil...?
John007Z: 	Oh, extremely evil, sir.

(pure derangement)

-------------------------

The Wisdom of Usenet

-------------------------

"One person will invent loneliness, two people will invent love, and 
three people will invent war."
	- Dave G.

"AIM carefully so no one gets hurt."
	- Shirlene.

"Everything a person experiences affects the thinking of that person.
Some are affected to a greater degree than others. The logical
extention of this is that we should all go to sensory deprevation
tanks to live life as isolated as possible so as to not have our minds
further polluted by stimulus."
	- Neal Wilson.

"Then there's the concept of 'fun.' What is the ultimate goal in
life? Who the hell knows? But it's almost universally known that it's
better to have fun on the way to that goal than to worry about 'passing
the game' your whole life. And what's more fun than taking the universe,
saying 'bugger to you' and making a game out of it? It'll make, say,
math homework, a hell of a lot easier to stomach."
	- Excerpt from Charon's AGFFU contribution.

"It would be foolish to not take it, and foolish to take it. The 
difference is that one foolishness can be fixed later and the other
cannot."
	- Slipgate.

"But there will be a dawn eventually, and the next day will 
begin - hopefully, a day whose brightness helps soften the 
darkness of the previous night. But the dawn will certainly 
never come if you choose to inflict on yourself the night 
eternal that is death."
	- Saint Kain, on suicide.

"Yet in nearly every case, there is somewhere to look for the path 
to the beam of sunlight that pierces the clouds hanging over a 
life of misery. And if we only think to look for that sunlight, 
sooner or later we'll find it."
	- Saint Kain.

"Many paths are open to you; it's up to you which one to take 
and follow to the end."
	- Aeaen. 

"I learned something the hard way over time...age has nothing to do 
with maturity."
	- X.

"Parents suck, ignore them, and they'll go away."
	- Bane.

"Anyone who thinks they can completely understand love is a 
fucking idiot."
	- Atma.

"There is no greater tragedy than a person who does not care."
	- Rubi.

"Well, answer me this, man--I'm basically doing everything that 
the establishment has told me not to for my whole life. I mean, 
I smoke, drink, cuss, have premarital sex, do drugs, commit at 
least one felony a month, don't have a steady job, have radical 
political ideas, and I don't floss everyday, either. Yet, I'm 
perpetually happy. And most of our generation who have followed 
all the rules are perpetually unhappy or worried about something."
	- Dave G.

"We travel through this life alone, down a winding path.  From
beginning to end, nothing is the same, yet at once everything is.
Though we may travel only a short distance together on our seperate
paths, I cherish every moment, and hope that the next turn finds us
together once again."
	- James Anderson, Laughing Vigilante.

"Present first, future second, past third."
	- Saint Kain.

"I am free of the past more than I have been in many a year, my 
good man. And it is a feeling like no other. The past is a 
wonderful thing to draw upon for experience, for memories... 
for nostalgia, even, at times. But you cannot let it dominate 
the present. I have, for far too long. No more. No damned more."
	- Greg Cook.

"I would salute an American flag with 13 stars, as it started, 
and as it was meant to be. I would burn an american (not 
capitalized on purpose, does not deserve the respect to be 
capitalized) flag with 50 stars."
	- Atma.

"ISPs cannot die, for they do not live."
	- Atma.

"God has a laissez-faire policy."
	- Tekhne.

"You evil little troll." 
	- Night Angel, regarding yours truly. ;)

"Your evilness disturbs me more than you can imagine."
	- Jolene Lau, regarding the same. ;)

"The evil is just oozing out of you two, you know that, don't you?"
	- CX, ditto. ;)

"You're a scary person, man, you really are."
	- Dave G., ditto. ;) 

"Because.... if we consider the smallest extension of the base field 
containing all of the roots of the equation and consider the 
automorphisms on the extension leaving the base field fixed, then they 
form a group which is not solvable - that is, there does not exist a 
chain of normal subgroups for which the factor groups are abelian."
	- St. Kain, explaining why a general fifth degree 
equasion is unsolvable. 


-------------------------

Wisdom of the Games:

-------------------------

"It's not the net result of one's life that is important. It's the
day-to-day concerns, the personal victories, and the celebration of
life...and love!"
	- Terra Branford.

"Yet I would maintain that we *know* ourselves by the questions we ask 
and the ones we do not. If we cease asking questions and accept only 
what we perceive...then we will cease to *know* ourselves."
	- The Nameless One.

"Justice is not the only right in this world."
	- Klu Ya.

"Evil in our minds will never disappear. We all have both evil and good
in our mind, just as there are the crystals of Light and Darkness, the
ground and underground. But as long as the evil exists, so does good.
Just as you held good in your heart to fight evil."
	- Fu So Ya.

"Endure. In enduring, grow strong."
	- Dak'kon.

"There cannot be two skies."
	- Dak'kon.

"Ayla fight while still alive!  Win and live, lose and die. Rule of life.
No change rule."
	- Ayla.

"Reality is a momentary dream, but a dream is reality for an eternity."
	- The Mistress.

-------------------------

Wisdom of the World:

-------------------------

"If fifty million people say a foolish thing, it's still a foolish thing." 
	- Bertrand Russel.

"I looked at what he built, and to me it explained the stars."
	- Cimi.

"Work like you don't need money,
Love like you've never been hurt,
and dance like no one is watching."
	- Unknown

"I'd rather be in the cold and dark with my friends than the sun and
flowers without them."
	- Unknown

"Absense diminishes mediocre passions and increases great ones,
as the wind blows out candles and fans fires."
	- La Rochefoucauld

"How can you come to know yourself? Never by thinking, always by doing.
Try to do your duty, and you'll know right away what you amount to. And
what is your duty? Whatever the day calls for."
	- Johann Wolfgang von Goetha

"Use what talents you posess; for the woods would be very silent if 
no birds sang except the best."
	- Henry Van Dyke

"To be alone is the greatest freedom. To feel alone is the lowest prison."
	- Unknown.

"What is the terror of death?
That we die our work incomplete.
What is the joy of life?
To die knowing our task is done."
	- Unknown

"If you were going to die soon and had only one phone call, who would 
you call and why are you waiting?"
	- Unknown

"God! Why do people have to lose things to find out what they mean?"
	- Tommy, "Brigadoon."

"Better to light a candle than to curse the darkness."
	- Chinese Proverb.

"There are a thousand hacking at the branches of evil to one who is 
striking at the root." 
	- Henry David Thoreau.

"I would rather be ashes than dust. I would rather my spark burn out in
a brilliant blaze than it be stifled in dry rot. I would rather be a
superb meteor, every atom of my magnificent glow, than a sleepy and
permanent planet. The proper function of man is to live, not just exist.
I shall use my time."
	- Jack London

"They say that every hour you spend exercising is another hour added on to 
your life. But what good is all that time if you spend it on exercise?"
	- Bruce Willis.

"I've never understood people who considered youth a time of freedom
and joy. It's probably because they have forgotten their own."
	- Margeret Atwood.

"For too long now we have been society's bitches.  We 
have been exploited and forced into pretending to be things that 
we are not.  'Why does society hate us so much?' you ask.  Society 
hates us because we are living proof of its hypocrasy."
	- excerpt from "Chaos," by Michael Hill.

"Quarrels would not last long if the fault were only on one side."
	- Francois de La Rochefoucauld

"If a man walks out of step, perhaps it is because he hears a
different drum."
	- Unknown

"The art of tact is making a point without making an enemy."
	- Unknown

"Better to be deceived by a friend than to suspect a friend."
	- Unknown

"Live today, die tomorrow.  The world is a funny place, John, 
so enjoy it while you can."  
	- Niora Bennett, to CX

"There will be times when the end is so certain, it's staring you
full in the face. And all you have to do is turn your head a little
to the side to see that there's something behind it."
	- Ditto.

"The universe is like a safe to which there is a combination -- but
the combination is locked up inside the safe."
	- Unknown.

"Tell me, I will forget. Show me, I may remember. Involve me, I will 
understand."
	- Chinese provberb.

"The most important thing in communication is hearing what isn't 
being said."
	- Unknown.

"If you find a posting from this site offensive, 
inappropriate, or disruptive, please ignore it. If 
you don't know how to ignore a posting, complain 
to us and we will demonstrate."
	- the Site of Virtue FAQ.

"Microsoft is not the answer.
Microsoft is the question.
NO (or Linux) is the answer."
	- Linux fortune teller.

"Death will teach me how to shut up."
	- Marlene.

"Anything worth doing is worth overdoing."
	- Linux fortune teller.

"When walking in open territory, bother no one. If someone bothers 
you, ask him to stop. If he does not stop, destroy him."
	- Anton La Vey.

"If A equals success, then the formula is A = X + Y + Z. X is 
work. Y is play. Z is keep your mouth shut."
	- Albert Einstein.

"Italians could not have described the word politics better. 'Poli'
meaning many, and 'tics' meaning blood sucking creatures."
	- Unknown.

"If you think you know what the hell is going on, you're probably
full of shit."
	- Robert Anton Wilson.

"Only those who risk going too far can possibly find out how 
far one can go."
	- T.S. Eliot.

"Falling in love is a lot like dying. You never get to do it enough 
to become good at it." 
	- Unknown.

"Blessed is he who has reached the point of no return and knows it, 
for he shall enjoy living."
	- W.C. Bennett.

"A friend is someone who knows the song in your heart and can 
sing it back to you when you've forgotten the words."
	- Unknown.

"Only solitary men know the full joys of frienship. Others have their family; but to a solitary and an exile, his friends are everything." 
	- Willa Cather.

"The best index to a person's character is a) how he treats people
who can't do him any good and b) how he treats people who can't 
fight back."
	- Abigail Van Buren.

"He who has the courage to laugh is almost as much a master of the
world as he who is ready to die."
	- Giacomo Leopardi.

"Fear the man that has nothing to lose." 
	- Unknown.

"Do nothing unless you must, and when you must act -- hesitate."
	- Unknown.

"Education is very important. School, however, is another matter."
	- Unknown.

"You can only live once. But if you do it right, once is enough."
	- Unknown.

"Sometimes, even to live is an act of courage."
	- Seneca.

"Don't be afraid of showing your feelings; be afraid of 
regretting it when you don't."
	- Laura Springer.

"I found that sometimes, what you believe in becomes more real to you
than all the things you can explain away or understand."
	- Tommy, "Brigadoon."

"Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom.
Mastering others is strength, mastering yourself is true power."
	- Lao-Tzu.

"Of my fifty-seven years I have applied at least thirty to forgetting 
most of what I have learned or read. Since then I have acquired a 
certain ease I should never again like to be without. If need be, I 
can increase my skill in chess; if need be I can do that of which I 
have no idea at present. I have stored little in my memory, but I can 
apply that little. I keep it in order, but resist every attempt to 
increase its dead weight."
	- Emanuel Lasker.

"When you think you're going down for the third time -- just 
remember that you may have counted wrong."
	- Peterson's Admonition.

"Words - so innocent and powerless as they are, as standing in a
dictionary, how potent for good and evil they become in the hands of
one who knows how to combine them."
	- Nathaniel Hawthorne.

"The probability that we may fail in the struggle ought not to deter us
from the support of a cause we believe to be just."
	- Abraham Lincoln.

"The greatest dangers to liberty lurk in insidious encroachment by 
men of zeal, well meaning but without understanding."
	- Justice Louis D. Brandeis.

"While there is a lower class, I am in it; while there is a criminal
element, I am of it; and while there is a soul in prison, I am not
free." 
	- Eugene V. Debs.

"Do and say what you want because the people who mind don't 
matter and the people who matter don't mind."
	- Anonymous.

"To laugh often and much; To win the respect of intelligent people and
the affection of children; To earn the appreciation of honest critics
and endure the betrayal of false friends; To appreciate beauty, to
find the best in others; To leave the world a bit better, whether by
a healthy child, a garden patch, or a redeemed social condition; To
know that even one life has breathed easier because you have lived.
This is to have succeeded."
	- Ralph Waldo Emerson.

"I can speak so softly because I have so much power."
	- Ruby.


-------------------------

People Complaining About
Not Being In Sigs

-------------------------

"You wanna know what my problem with large .sigs is?  I'm not in any of
them.  And I've been here for almost four years, dammit!"
	- Rob Browning.

"I don't mind snipping your sig everytime I have to respond to you, 
but why the hell don't you have a quote from me in your sig yet?  
Why, dammit, why?!!?!"
	- Justin Sueno, Replacement Timo.

"Hey! I just noticed you have no quote by me in your .sig!"
	- Zohar.

"You know, I've just come to the conclusion that if my comment about 
shaved legs doesn't get me sigged, nothing will."
	- Cliezon.


"You have 'sigged' several of my comments, yet I see none of them there."
	- Avenger.

"I'm not in there at all.  That's it, Glazer's on the 'list.'"
	- Murasame.


-------------------------

Tales of Agff

-------------------------


"DROP THE SCYTHE, AND TURN AROUND SLOWLY."
	- Death.

"There is a fine line between sanity and insanity. Come walk it 
with us."
	- Unknown.

"Do not follow where the path may lead; go instead where
there is no path and leave a trail."
	- Unknown.

"Imagination is the one weapon in the war against reality."
	- Jules de Gaultier.

"It takes a thousand voices to tell a single story."
	- Indian Proverb.

"Scientists were preparing an experiment to ask the ultimate 
question. They had worked for months gathering one each of 
every computer that was built. Finally the big day was at hand. 
All the computers were linked together. They asked the question, 
'Is there a God?' Lights started blinking, flashing and blinking 
some more. Suddenly, there was a loud crash, and a bolt of 
lightning came down from the sky, struck the computers, and 
welded all the connections permanently together.

'There is now', came the reply."
	- Unknown.

"Leave reality out of this!" 
	- Dave G.

"I'm something cute in Agff. That gives me a life expectancy somewhat
shorter than a sheep in a black hole." 
	- CX.

"Do not meddle in the affairs of black mages, for they are subtle 
and have pyromania."
	- Howard Kleinman.

"Tresspassers will be shot. Survivors will be SHOT AGAIN!"
	- Linux fortune teller.

"Any personal problem can be solved by the suitable application 
of explosives."
	- John Gnassi.

"Audacity, and again audacity, and always audacity."
	- G.J. Danton.

"Your failure to be informed does not make me a wacko."
	- John Loeffler.

"My ultimate future is *el Diablo?* I've got to get out of the 
computer industry."
	- Dave G., on a tarot reading.

"Trust me... you don't want me with a red wig and a red-form-fitting 
+ breasts plugsuit, or dressed as Sailor Moon." 
	- Slipgate.

"Kiwis have the innate ability to say 'Moo.'"
	- Edwyn.

"There's only one thing worse than someone who is often wrong: someone 
often wrong who arrogantly, frequently assumes that they are right 
and you are wrong." 
	- Mark.

"'One basic notion underlying Usenet is that it is a cooperative.'
'Having been on Usenet for going on ten years, I disagree with 
this. The basic notion underlying Usenet is the flame.'"
	- Linux fortune teller.

"My candle burns at both ends; 
It will not last the night.
But ah, my foes, and oh, my friends -- 
It gives a lovely light!"
	- Edna Millay.

"Let me tell you a brief story about my vast experience of asking 
invasive personal questions. I spent some time on a newsgroup, called 
AGFF (the actual meaning of the acronym has nothing to do with this 
story), in which, basically, anarchy among very smart people reigned 
supreme. In this place, virtually every week, people would post whole 
surveys of questions pertaining to things that most polite people 
don't discuss with anyone but their doctor, or maybe their spouse. 
If they aren't that repressed."
	- Dave G.

"FUCK YOU TOO, MODEM!"
	- Atma

-------------------------

The Final Quote:

-------------------------

"Freedom does not exist as an external truth. It exists inside 
men, and those who wish to be free are free."
	- Paul Ernst


























































In the end, all things come full circle.


