From -581866656804735233
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,665df5d162d39095,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-04-06 11:17:19 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.slurp.net!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3ACE07D4.1FBA45C8@serv.net>
From: Gregory Gadow <techbear@serv.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.72 [en] (Win98; I)
X-Accept-Language: en,pdf
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Corpse Run (Night in Nektulos, Part 1)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Organization: Ye 'Ol Disorganized NNTPCache groupie
Cache-Post-Path: dns2.serv.net!unknown@205.153.152.240
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.4.0b2 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
Lines: 192
Date: Fri, 06 Apr 2001 11:15:49 -0700
NNTP-Posting-Host: 199.201.191.2
X-Trace: newsfeed.slurp.net 986580910 199.201.191.2 (Fri, 06 Apr 2001 13:15:10 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 06 Apr 2001 13:15:10 CDT
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:63811

When I said I was trying my hand at fan fiction, a
few asked to see what I had. Ok, here is the first
part of what I hope to be a longer work. If you
wish to distribute it, PLEASE include my name and
email address as the author. It is copyrighted, so
no other publishing or printing without my express
permission. And please, if you are going to flame,
please offer something constructive. Enjoy.

**********
Corpse Run
Night in Nektulos, Part 1
Gregory Gadow
techbear@serv.net

Rosewhite stands back as Guard G'Kel struggles
against the entwining roots. With a grim smile on
her face, the druid raises her hands yet again and
begins to pull fire out of the air.

*WHACK!*

Spinning around she sees that a stone guardian has
crept up behind her and is now trying to aquaint
her with the bedrock. Behind it, another lumbers
towards her.

She turns and begins running towards Lavastorm.
But not as quick as she had hoped. When did that
wolf spirit depart?

*SLASH!*

That would be G'Kel, broken free of the roots. But
that *hurt*. Her skin has lost its rock like
density. She runs, each step slower and slower as
the guard and guardians demonstrate dark elves
hospitality towards halflings. One bash and
another; her world begins to spin. She falls, and
with an evil grin, G'kel pulls his foot back for a
final, vicious kick. Her world goes black....

-- DISCONTINUITY --

A moment latter, she is standing in East Commons
pass which leads back to Nektulos, wearing only a
cotton shift. Her armor, her equipment, her
food... gone. She looks up and sighs.

"Sweet Karana above, when will someone research an
emergency evacuation spell that ports everything?"

"Hi, Rosie. You look like you have trouble."

She turned around and came face to kneecap with a
green giant wearing plate armor and a most unjolly
scowl. Squinting just a bit, she looked at his
nametag.

"Oh, hello Snotgrubb. I did run in to a bit of
difficulty, yes."

"You six guards. Guards like Snotgrubb cuz guards
like ogres. Me ogre."

"I can see that, dearie."

Snotgrubb gave her a bashful smile. "Uh... I need
run fast. Pretty please with froglok candy on
top?"

"Certainly, dearie. Let me get the spell."

She sat down and pulled out the Device from her
pocket. After pressing a few buttons, the
projection of a bound parchement book drew her
attention and blocked out all other sight. The
ogre only sees a tranquil, meditative glow on her
face. After a moment, she put down the Device and
stood up.

"Are you ready? Here we go!"

Rosewhite put her hands together with palms at
right angles, both thumbs sticking out. She folded
her top hand over and separated the middle and
ring finger on the other. Holding them out towards
Snotgrubb, she drew upon the natural energy around
her, and made one sharp puff of air accross her
hands. Around Snotgrubb, a flicker of light and
the mild fragrance of lupine blossoms.

"Hmm... tanks, Rosie. Now go ZOOM!" With a wave,
the ogre ran out in to the dark plains of East
Commons.

With another sigh, Rosewhite sat down, pulled out
the Device and started to memorize more spells.
When she was satisfied, she stood and started
casting.

"Ok, first we do lesser shielding." A shimmer as
the air around her hardened slighly. "Skin like
rock." Her skin turned greyer, more dense.
"Strength of earth." Others around her see that
she stood a bit taller, a bit more sturdy. "And my
own spirit of wolf." A brief lupine aura.

"Whew, that takes a lot out of me still. Better
rest and meditate before I head back."

"Excuse me Madame Rosewhite. I'm wondering if
perhaps we would arrange a mutually beneficial
trade."

She looked up and became lost in the most glorious
face she had ever seen. His violet robe was sewn
with black pearls the size of her fist; it offset
the warm ivory tones of his skin and was a shade
to match his eyes perfectly. She had to blink
several times to overcome his powerful
personality. Focusing on his nametag helped.

"He..hello, Dealor. What trade would that be?"

"I have a need to reach the Oasis rather quickly,
say... at wolf speed. I would be happy to perform
some small service for your time."

Discretely, Rosewhite pulled out her Device and
entered Dealor's name. Race, High Elf. Level, 19.
Class.... oh! Her skin broke out in a cold sweat,
raw desire running through her veins.

"You mean... for a sow...."

"Why, yes, my lovely flower. For a sow."

Rosewhite jumped to her feet, slapped her hands
together and blew. Dealor's form shimmered as the
spirit of wolf entered him.

"Now me. You promised!"

Dealor smiled slightly and absently rubbed the
fingernails of his left hand on his velvet lapel.
"I suppose it would be most rude of me to run off
right away."

"Don't toy with me, young man!" Rosewhite's voice
took on a desperate, almost pleading tone. "So
help me, don't toy with me!"

"Very well. I suppose it is the least I could do
for such a beautiful blossom."

Dealor placed one finger on Rosewhite's forehead,
chanted a few notes under his breath and
breathed....

His mint scented breath breezed into Rosewhites
mind and began to bring order. Her world suddenly
became sharper, more focused; her thoughts
clarified and she could actually feel the pulse of
Tunare, throbbing with energy that had become much
easier to reach. She shuddered.

"Ohhhhh...... Now THAT'S the stuff!"

"I'm glad I could be of help, my dear. If you need
a refresh, I'm sure another would be too happy to
give you another hit." Dealor bowed. "Farewell."

"I'm faring very well, thank you, Dealor.
Mmmmm......"

After basking in the glow for a moment more,
Rosewhite's thoughts turned once again to this
evening's task. She still had some unfinished
business with G'Kel, and planned to wreak her
revenge. As often as it took.

**********
--
Gregory Gadow
Email: techbear@serv.net

"Take the high road. Not only is the view
better and the air fresher, but it makes
it easier to piss on the people below."




