From -8575872768360016966
X-Google-Thread: fb739,87808fb5a4ded42e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!uni-berlin.de!individual.net!not-for-mail
From: Frank E <fakeaddress@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Nothing Changes, can that be fixed?
Date: Tue, 14 Dec 2004 10:10:50 -0800
Lines: 60
Message-ID: <gSS=QXN3OVZwHkbGXzAdDAegAY8p@4ax.com>
References: <J_GdnYyOKLbKciPcRVn-rw@dejazzd.com>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Trace: individual.net 71jw4wm2r5DlEU7UVFgY8AcsqgwvPRy+khHc3U/UXuIWr00VI=
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.6/32.525
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26669

On Tue, 14 Dec 2004 08:49:05 -0500, Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
wrote:

>MMOG's in general, and I'm mostly thinking EQ1, which is the only one I 
>have personal experience with, have a problem.
>
>In order to give content to thousands of people at once, they can't have 
>mobs stay dead.  There's always another orc along to take the last one's 
>place, as there are thousands of people who haven't killed that orc yet. 
>  Plus, the world is simply too small to include enough orcs for even 
>one character to kill his quota of them without them being replaced.
>
>Problem is, this leads to a treadmill world, where nothing you do 
>matters, where nothing changes, and the only progress you make is in 
>advancing yourself.  Even then, there's no real point to doing so, 
>because nothing you do as a more powerful version of yourself is going 
>to make any difference either.
>

I think WoW (and EQ2 from what I hear) have taken steps in the right
direction in that you can only do any given quest once. If Emperor
Crushbone only spawns when you have the quest to go kill him, you only
get to kill him once. it doesn't matter whether it's in an instanced
zone or not. He'll be back if I tag along with someone else who has
that quest though. Not sure what the solution to that is, I think it's
better just to live with it then to implement any of the solutions
that you mentioned. 

That kind of thing adds to the immersiveness but it doesn't really
change the world. 1000 other people can still get the quest and kill
their own Emperor Crush. It does help with at least creating the
illusion that you're changing the world and I think that's all you can
hope for in games like this. 

The cost of implementing one-shot quests would way too high to ever
have a MMORPG where only one person (or raid) can do any given quest
so the best you can do is to give players the illusion that they're
changing the world. Some of it could be done pretty easily, imo. Going
back to EQ, what if there was a random chance of crushbone orc camps
spawning in Feydwar? Camps disappear once players kill 1000 of the
orcs in these camps. Camps grow if 2 days pass w/o the players killing
1000 orcs. You still aren't allowing the players to change the world
but you're at least giving them the illusion of doing so. 

For another example, what if you had a quest that started one of 20
random quests, which lead to another one of 20 random quests which
lead to one of 20 instanced boss mobs. Now you're giving the player
the illusion that he's doing something that hasn't been done before, a
quest that doesn't have a walkthrough. Well, at least till someone
maps out all 60 subquests. EQ actually did some of this with (I think
it was) the iksar mini-epic quests but they never expanded on the
idea. 

In EQ, the ideas were there to have interesting content but whenever
it came down to cruch-time and implementation, they wimped out and
fell back on making people grind exp, spells and gear instead.
 ... probably because it was cheaper and easier to implement. 

Rgds. Frank
 


