From -9098175509384892774
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b6a9f0bba15dcf3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-02-24 11:44:01 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: GoD almighty!
Date: Tue, 24 Feb 2004 11:44:22 -0800
Organization: Absolved
Message-ID: <103nabtdlmvq518@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 142
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:20648

I've been having a fabulous time with Gates of Discord lately, but omg is it
challenging!

Ferubi is ferocious and there's great loot waiting there, but the sewer
trials are where I've been focusing my attention lately. For some reason
it's hard finding people on my server (FV) who are GoD-enabled and willing,
so I've been piecing small bits of information together as I discover it and
making every attempt to get some sewer experience under my belt. Oddly, I
don't see much discussion here, either. So, I thought I'd piece together
what I do know and compare notes here with others. This information is
mostly derived firsthand from my own explorations and attempts.

From what I can tell, there are two ways to experience the Birunda sewers.
When you first enter Birunda you'll need to invis up and make your way
through the hallway maze until you exit into the open courtyard. Be careful
as there are occasional wandering NPCs that see invis and if one of them
spots you, the end comes fast. Once you make it through the hallways and out
into the open courtyard,  there's a mayan-like temple in front of you,
flowing with vines and wandering mobs (sort of CTish). Take a minute to
admire the architecture and soak it all in as this is one of my favorite
zones. Over on your right is an NPC named Gamesh in a corner wedged between
the temple and the wall. Move to him, he's at a safe spot. Once you've
dropped invis, hailing him gives you several choices for "expeditions", each
of which will result in the creation of an instanced dungeon that you can
then enter, just like an ldon. There are the Plant, the Pool, the Crematory
and the Lair. Of these, Plant is by far the hardest and the only one AFAIK
with the new 1200 hitters.  If you say one of those 4 words to Gamesh you'll
get an expedition screen (alt-z) and will be able to zone into the sewer
entrance that's located inside that big temple that Gamesh is standing next
to. Just hug the temple on your right and make your way around to the front
entrance, enter and veer right, the sewer entrance is in a little room at
the far back side, just on this side of the wall from where Gamesh is
standing on the other side. Getting into the sewers via Gamesh is a pure
experience and loot play, you will not progress in the trials or be flagged
for subsequent trials, nor will you spawn the final boss monsters. But it's
a great way to practice each level and to get acclimated to some of the new
mobs inside. And, unlike the trials which must be done in order, you can
skip around and choose any of the Gamesh expeditions at any time. Excellent
experience, also, I think I got 2 AA's in my session there last night. As
for the loot, well, there's a lot of tradeskill trash loot but I looted a
2hB with a "Godly" allakhazam rating (DPS was like 0.7) off of a named near
the end. I sold it in the bazaar for 100k within 10 minutes, convinced that
I'd priced it too low ...

If instead of looking for Gamesh over to the right when you enter the
Birunda courtyard, you go straight, pass the temple entrance on your right,
just ahead and slightly to the right you'll see another building full of
npcs. Be careful here, because there are a couple of roaming mobs in this
area (heartpiercers and eyecollectors, they look like archers) that see
invis, and once they've pounced on you the entire zone will pour down upon
you like you've never seen. If this happens, best bet is to either run
directly for the Ferubi zone (if you turn around and face the arches through
which you entered the Birunda courtyard, the white steps just to the right
of those 2 arches are the zone-in to Ferubi), or if you already have an
expedition, you could just zone right into the sewers. I've found that if
you do this latter you will train anyone sitting outside the sewer entrance
so best be careful and consider the situation before risking the creation of
more trouble for others. Imagine if LFay were a lethal place full of nothing
but big uglies and you decided to pull a train with you to the ldon zone in,
that's what it's like and it would be just as welcome a move ...

If you manage to get to this npc building without dropping invis, head
inside and go to the far right corner (a safe spot) and drop invis. Behind a
counter is the High Priest. If you hail him, you'll be able to get an actual
trial expedition. Unlike the exp dungeons offered by Gamesh, the HP's trials
must be done in sequence and you'll have to start with the Plant. If you
complete Plant, you'll be flagged for the next one and can proceed on
through each of the four trials. Also unlike the Gamesh missions, HP
expeditions spawn boss monster encounters at the end which must be completed
in order to be flagged for passage into the next step. After completing one
of these trials, head back to the HP and hail him again in order to get your
flag and the next expedition.

Although I've entered the other expeditions and even solo'd inside Lair,
I've yet to complete my first trial. Even when accompanid by some of the
most capable, time-enabled players on the server, each time we've wiped at
or near the end. Granted, each of these has been pickup groups and because
of the volatility of these expeditions, every mistake or miscue is amplified
incredibly. Mobs in the Plant can double hit for 1200, and there are a
number that are immune to Slow, including the final boss. Aggro radius is
reasonable, but there are roamers everywhere, very few safe spots, and
(here's the kicker) unlike ldon, killed mobs will repop behind you as you
progress. You've GOT to be on your toes.

I've assembled a more-or-less regular group now and am starting to get some
good practice with Plant. We manage to get far each time and our strategy
has been to bring along an ENC who can charm one of the burrowing stonemites
and maintain this as a pet. Our ENC is pretty experienced at this and has
hotkeys set up to announce when the pet is breaking (at which point I
Malosinia, the ENC mezzes and Tashes, the DRU Snares and we wait till the
mob is re-charmed before proceeding - we really have this down to a
science). These pets provide HUGE dps and we chew up and spit out every mob
along the way.

The trickiest part of the trials in my experience is the final hallway
leading into the boss room. This hallway is populated by a half dozen
hard-hitting stonemites that always arrive in pairs and repop within 45
seconds, making them virtually impossible to clear. My first few trial runs
were spent wiping at this point until we just realized that we were never
going to be able to kill the stonemites faster than they repopped, so we
decided we would try and invis past them instead and just head into the boss
room. Of course, this means we lose our pet and because of our particular
strategy we've not been heavy on DPS (our usual group make up is one or two
ENC, a CLR with a clicky rez, SHM (me), a DRU, and a solid tanking class.
The second ENC is sometimes replaced by a DPS class. By the way, my favorite
dps addition is MAG since Corpse retrievals are a BITCH in this environment
and if the MAG can stay alive to COTH everyone back it's a huge advantage.
Often, a wipe = expedition over, since corpse retrieval is just ridiculously
hard with repopped mobs all the way back to the zone in, people often just
cave at this point. Pallys are a good choice for us too if we can get one,
to have more rezzing options and loh in a pinch.

This group is obviously low on DPS and I think we're too dependent on a pet
strategy, but it's the only group of experienced GoD players that I've been
able to get on a regular basis and it's provided me with a wealth of
experience in this environment so I've been happy working with them, even if
I'm unconvinced that we'll have the dps for the final fight once we clear
the boss room. The final encounter room is interesting. There are 9 ancient
stonemites that are each single pull and act as PH for the final boss. The
usual strategy is to kill each of the ancients and then before killing the
last one, med up, buff up and realize that as soon as it's dead, the boss
will spawn. The tricky part is that you're fighting in a sewer half in and
half out of water. If you're fighting the bugs through water, your spells of
course will not land. Best bet is to stand up on the ledges and try and lure
them out into the open so that you can be on the same plane with them, but
doing this gets you dangerously close to aggro range for the mites you
passed out in the hallway coming in, so you've got to watch your every step
here. Either that, or fight with them in the water. Ugh.

It's at this point that my group has wiped each time we've tried this, so I
can't offer any more observations or suggestions. I'd love to hear from
those of you who've completed this trial what tactics you've used to get
past this encounter. What a wonderful challenge, and what a great feeling it
will be when we finally get that damned flag ...

-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Prophet of 65 Winters
Citizen of Firiona Vie




