From -4326339457374034839
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ac4a6e60e0e41d0c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-05-07 19:34:13 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!logbridge.uoregon.edu!feed2.news.rcn.net!rcn!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.104.MISMATCH!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3EB9C220.6627AEE5@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: DSP and the Sanctus Seru Snafu
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 114
Date: Thu, 08 May 2003 02:36:52 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.61
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1052361412 66.109.254.61 (Wed, 07 May 2003 22:36:52 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 07 May 2003 22:36:52 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:281031

I decided to take my 27 shaman over to Dawnshroud and try my luck
there.

A nice zone, it seemed, although scary, A Zelinak was red but
easily killed for good exp, A Small Zelinak even easier.  A Wolf
spawns apparantly as a trap, and NOT very killable, had to run to
zone on that one (red and couldn't stick a spell to him).

Moved over near Sanctus Seru where I recalled lower level mobs
and flatter terrain; my main problem with the zone up to here was
the high lag, zone has moving leaves in the trees that really
make play very choppy for me.  Sure enough, over here where its
flat and low on trees, things were much better.

The main mobs over here are lightcrawlers, an annoying mob
because of its high aggro range, KOS status, and high add rate.
Still, I pulled and killed several of these before roaming
further afield in search of some more Zelinaks I could get
without wolves or lightcrawlers.  No joy, I was about halfway
thru another red zelinak when I picked up a lightcrawler, then a
second when the zelinak started to run.  Also, these
lightcrawlers were doing something I'd forgotten; blinding me,
very annoying!  Typically, SOW dropped mid fight.  Blind strafe
running can be a ton of fun let me tell you.

I'd conned the guards outside Seru on approaching the area,
knowing that they'd kick my troll butt solidly if they aggroed on
me; they were dubious about me, no worries.  So I thought nothing
of zoning in to SS, once I managed it (and I wasnt sure I had,
since I was again blinded just as I passed the guards.  My screen
went from black to black... but the sounds of lightcrawlers
eating me stopped, so I knew I was either zoning or dead.

Well after a bit, the light went back on, spells still memmed, I
was safe in Seru after all.  A guard said "this is getting old"
and killed me just about at this point.  Nice of her to wait till
the blindness wore off:)

Hmm, ugly, guards that aggro on zone in.  Worse, guards I didn't
think would aggro, because their buddies outside didn't care
about me!

Well I ran back to DSP and zoned in to see if maybe -just- at the
zone line I'd be safe; perhaps I'd moved after zoning and before
losing blindness.  Nope, barely managed to zone back out, two
angry guards nearly took my life.  No chance I could loot.

SO I sighed and logged to my 57 bard, ran him over thru DSP and
in to SS.  Indifferent to the guards outside, Amiable to the ones
inside!  Looked, nowhere I could move the body that would be out
of range of the guards, who were blue to me, no way naked shaman
was going to stand up to them to loot.  Ah well, they have to
die.  So I charmed one, or tried... ended up running tight
circles and taking a serious beating before getting this to
work.  The female guard was substantially weaker than the male, I
found to my sorrow, since I had charmed the male.  I stopped
dotting the female but still the male won well before getting
down to 20% hp.  I was pretty badly hurt as well from their
initial chase in the tight quarters and a charm break during the
fight.

Then  I had a stroke of genius, I sent him down the hall to a
higher level guard down there, an Octavio or something like
that.  He'd die, I'd zone out, and problem would be solved.  This
was working great, I was healing myself up a bit just for
something to do.  Then charm broke and boom, I was summoned!
Octavio made very very short work of me indeed.

Big guns time; I logged my 65 cleric in.  Also found a 56 cleric
LFG and hired him to come res the three dead bodies; I'd not have
bothered for the shaman, but the bard wasn't going to shrug off a
death in 57 so cavalierly; the three together I figured it was
worth getting help instead of dry looting.

Zoned in, fired up Pacification.. no dice.  Not affected
message.  Green mobs, too.  At least it wasn't a resist and aggro
situation, the game wouldn't let me cast the spell at all.
Pisses me off but there you have it.

By now the other cleric was outside.  He tried zoning in and had
to leave, was KOS as well.  After a brief discussion, we decided
to kill the guards.  Reflecting on how hard they'd hit, I decided
to go back to bard.  Ran him over, got him buffed up with symbol
and HP buffs, zoned in and looted.  Then I engaged and the cleric
zoned in to join me.  This time I charmed the girl, and managed
to get things much closer to even, the cleric healed my injuries,
and the guy died politely. After this, I sat the girl down,
backed off, and broke charm, the cleric rooted her, and I chanter
her the rest of the way to death.

Got rez, zoned out, swapped to Shaman, got rez in, got second
rez, looted up, and zoned out after the cleric gated.

Easy enough.  IF you happen to have access to help in its 50s,
that is.  Given that DSP is a popular hunting grounds for people
in their 30s, though, this strikes me as an astonishing little
trap, no way of knowing your faction in advance, no way to get in
and loot up once you find out you are KOS, mobs that are blue and
scary at 57 (green at 65, but scary even then) and immune to at
least the Lull workaround.  An authentic level 27 shaman who
wasn't an alt with big friends and a large bank account would
have just had to end up writing off everything he owned!

OK, I'm sure I could have killed those guards with my bard with a
little better tactics, in fact the cleric didn't help all that
much.  But even if it was doable at level 50 thats still a far
cry from what the typical person hunting the area just outside
the zone line in DSP is capable of fielding.

Paax, 28 shaman
Llyric, 57 bard
Bergh, 65 cleric
Morel Thule



