From 6465701038982119093
X-Google-Thread: fb739,78501c4a3b8f5114
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,78501c4a3b8f5114
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid100ff8,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news4.google.com!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg
Subject: Re: WTF
Date: Thu, 4 Nov 2004 12:12:43 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10ol341da7gh23d@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <10ojtll9nrfkee9@news.supernews.com> <luqid.813$vM2.788@trnddc09> <6f8q52-q2l.ln1@hydra.dagon.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 124
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:21908 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:22807


"Mark Rafn" <dagon@dagon.net> wrote in message 
news:6f8q52-q2l.ln1@hydra.dagon.net...

> If your philosophy is that a game must be substantially complete, with no
> expectation of anything but small bugfixes ever, then the game is not 
> ready
> for release.  However, I suspect no MMO will be ready for release for you
> until it's been out 6 months to a year, and many never will be. 
> Fortunately,
> there's no harm in waiting that long for things to settle down.
>
> I can think of only a few reasons to buy a game like this at release
> (actually, any game, but especially online ones), and all of them include
> the knowledge that things will be unsettled for a few months.  If that 
> isn't
> fun for you, and the other reasons you play don't outweigh it, you
> shouldn't buy it.

As someone whose been playing MMOGs for a *long* time and participated in 
most of the betas, I'm pretty familiar with the Disneyland approach to 
construction ("This park will never be finished"). I'm also quite used to 
many, many changes as the system evolves to attain balance and accommodate 
new developments in the community, etc. I'm quite comfortable with this, 
even late in the game.

What I'm not used to and not very comfortable with, is a situation in which 
major upheaval is occurring 4 days before launch, resulting in most things 
not working, and a total blackout in communication on why this is occurring 
or what to expect in the coming days. Being left in that situation leaves me 
very little basis for understanding what will in fact be addressed and what 
will not. This is not happening in the WoW beta to anywhere near this 
degree, and it hasn't happened to this degree in any prior beta in which 
I've participated. Even in SWG, when we knew that factories weren't working 
at release, there was some communication that certain things would be 
addressed by release, or immediately after. I pulled for the developers in 
that case because I understood the pressures they underwent and I heard from 
them. Communication makes a lot of difference and it's almost always worth 
the trade-off with time spent doing other things.

Most of the dev team has been very communicative and I think they should get 
good marks for setting new standards of beta tester collaboration. But the 
guy responsible for the tradeskill system is not one of them, the guy is 
devastating his community with his approach. Trade skill zones used to be 
packed, vibrant communities. With the recent changes that include isolation 
and segregation of all of us into "Trade societies" into which none of our 
customers or peers can even enter, the tradeskilling zones are empty, dead, 
and abandoned. Those folks who are still trying to make markets are forced 
into endless and needless zoning in and out of their "trade societies" in 
order to interact again with the community that cannot enter and work with 
them.

Additionally, most of the vendors have had their subcomponents removed, 
forcing us to farm raw components out in the game world. Worse, the 
subcomponent recipes will not show up on the vendors again apparently until 
we do crafting quests that raise our standing within the crafting societies 
so that more recipes and components appear in the list. What started off as 
a decent idea (giving artisans their own quests so that they could achieve 
quest parity with adventurers and fund their own development without having 
to adventure) has turned into a bottleneck that now requires me to go 
harvest 15 tin clusters (which I wouldn't otherwise need) and then come back 
and report to the NPC so that I can then do the next quest to go harvest 15 
salts (which I wouldn't otherwise need) and then come back and repeat this 
cycle, once again forcing the endless and needless zoning in a game that 
already has too much zoning.

I've tested this system extensively by creating new characters on the Isle 
and attempting to move them forward as crafters. Not one of them can 
advance, they are all blocked and stopped because of bugs in the social 
structures. I assume these will be fixed. But even if they are fixed, what I 
have to look forward to now is a long path down the farming route to gather 
up things I don't need so that I can hopefully get the things that I do need 
back on the menu so that I can actually pursue my chosen path. Meanwhile, of 
course, I'll be doing this virtually alone in my dedicated, segregated 
"trade society".

Maybe this is temporary, maybe it will change, maybe it's a revolutionary 
design that will reveal its benefits as new subtleties are added or bugs are 
fixed. But I don't know this because no one is talking and the game goes 
live in 4 days. So I can only assume that what I see is that we are going to 
get. I'm not at all uncomfortable with change, I welcome it and enjoy it. 
This entire crafting system has been a major departure from most crafters' 
comfort zones, and I applauded that loud and clear. I still do. I just wish 
I knew in even the broadest terms what to expect so I could actually spend 
some time trying it out and evaluating whether or not it works and is worth 
pursuing on release. Let's face it, that's part of why we test, we want to 
know how this stuff works so we can assess if we want to commit to paying 
and playing on release.

Last night testers spent a few hours running around all of the zones trying 
to find fuels. You cannot craft at all (0%) without fuels and, as it turned 
out, there were no fuels for sale anywhere on the mainland and they cannot 
be farmed. A simple one line post to that effect would have saved probably 
hundreds of man-hours spent hunting this down and psyching it out. Later 
that night, fuels were introduced into the trade societies and then at the 
same time, most all of the subcomponents were removed. No comment, no 
explanation, just suddenly missing everywhere. So, people are left to wonder 
"Is this the new design, or is this like the fuel thing and will be 
patched". Dunno!

EQ2 has been a very fun game that was distinguished in my mind as one that 
offered three distinct different things that I could pursue at any one time: 
questing, adventuring and crafting. Never a shortage of things to do and 
frankly, I was having so much fun doing all three of them that my wife and I 
honestly didn't know how we were going to allocate our time at release. 
Tough decision. One silver lining I can find in this cloud of confusion over 
the crafting system is that the decision just got a lot easier! If the 
system stays as it is today (assuming bugs fixed), neither my wife nor I 
will be crafting at release.

I've posted a subtantially similar message on the beta forums (but I'm 
pretty certain it will get lost among the dozens of other similar posts).

-- 
Winterfury
Dwarven Mystic & Alchemist
Loyal Citizen of Qeynos

Descendant of the Elder Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie





