From 5769780784330853999
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f7fa0d4ce652c1d6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-10 05:49:45 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Jakugg <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Tower of Frozen Shadow
Date: Wed, 10 Oct 2001 08:45:41 -0400
Organization: Garden Gnome Liberation Front
Message-ID: <3BC442F5.86C153AC@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <vyKw7.1410$c4.34745410@ounews.ou.edu>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 47
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:125038

"Brian E. Parker" wrote:
> 4 of the others have been playing together for 2 years, so know about the
> place, but I'm new to it.  Any pre-information is appreciated.

I spent several very happy levels in ToFS, and later went back to lead a
guild raid on the joint up to the sixth floor. (I still haven't been to
seven. I keep meaning to.) At your level, I'm assuming you aren't going
to go past the second, or maybe third floor. A few things to remember:

The pit in the center of the first floor is surrounded by slippery ice.
You can run around it, but you need to angle towards the wall and keep
running at all times, or you will slide in. The pit if full of
skeletons. This can make pulling difficult. The rooms on floor one to
the left have mostly all skeletons in them. The rooms to the right have
shadowbeasts. The shadowbeasts are a nasty undercon. They hit very hard
for their level and have a boatload of xp. The skellies are fairly
typical and an easier fight. This is the *ONLY* floor where you can zone
back out the same place you zoned in. You'll need a key to get to floor
two. It drops off of the "Large Undead Gnoll". He can spawn at any time
immediately on the corpse of any mob on the floor. When he pops, kill
him fast and collect your key. Having keys for several members of the
party is a Good Thing (tm). If you have only one keyholder and they die
and you have to go back in for your corpses, you will have problems.

The second floor is the library. EVERYTHING here is undead, so if your
cleric casts IVU on you all, you can safely run to where ever you want
to pull to. Many people pull to the alcove where you enter, but in case
of a bad fight, you are *far* from the exit and safety if your porter is
dead or can't get off an evac. We used to IVU and run to the back left
corner of the floor. There's a secret door there (bookshlf that opens)
which leads to the exit mirror there. Usually one ghostly scholar
guarding the exit, but you can generally get past him and click on the
mirror to escape. We pulled to that corner, and ran for it if things got
bad. To get the key to floor 3, you need to kill the "Angry Lirbarian".
(Notice spelling, unless they fixed it recently. <g>) She can spawn
anywhere supposedly, but I saw her spawn most often when the regular
librarian went down. Don't neglect the small room off to the left as you
enter the library. That's where the teacher and student hang out. They
have some nice drops on occasion. (Student's homework, among other
things.) Ocaasionaly Zorgrim the Dead will pop on that floor. He has the
potential for some great drops too.
HTH, and good luck.
-- 
Jakugg Blackheart, 51 Troll Champion
- - - -
"Anything more than a metric buttload of mobs is a bardic pull."
Arolpin Lorespinner


