From -6159690740927563805
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,fd551a7270be6d57
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-02 06:24:44 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed.news.qwest.net!news.uswest.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: New Graphics Engine
From: Sean Kennedy <x@n.n>
References: <r_idnbs3-eZHC9ndRVn-gQ@gwi.net>
Message-ID: <Xns94A041960DCE0xnn@207.225.159.6>
User-Agent: Xnews/5.04.25
Lines: 148
Date: Tue, 02 Mar 2004 14:24:43 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 63.224.250.201
X-Trace: news.uswest.net 1078237483 63.224.250.201 (Tue, 02 Mar 2004 08:24:43 CST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 02 Mar 2004 08:24:43 CST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:21821

"Dennis Green" <urshag@gwi.net> wrote in
news:r_idnbs3-eZHC9ndRVn-gQ@gwi.net: 

> This is posted at the Everquest home page:
> 
> Sony Online Entertainment has exciting news for all EverQuest players.
> As the world of Norrath evolves and expands, so too does the
> technology powering EverQuest. Sony Online Entertainment is making
> significant upgrades to the EverQuest engine which will allow SOE to
> provide players with the great game, but on a much more stable and
> efficient platform. SOE anticipates patching in the new engine
> sometime during the next month or two.
> 
> According to other info on the site, it should be sometime this month.
> 
> ALSO, under the Server Status page, they show Test as being down, yet
> I can still log onto it!
> 
> SO HERE IS MY QUESTION, if there is going to be a new graphics engine,
> why is no one talking about it here or on any EQ web page, why are
> there no screenshots, and why is it not up on the test server yet if
> it is going to go live on the regular servers this month???
> 
> 
> 

Because Cyber-affairs, the existence of god and bottom posting
twats are far more interesting?

Because SOE is only going to have it on test for a brief time
before pushing it live, and then we'll see several patches in the
following week?

Screenshots aren't necessary, because there is no revamp of 
existing models and zones - the engine was written to use existing
art.

http://www.worthplaying.com/article.php?sid=16309

<quote>
1. Changing the core infrastructure to EQ, especially within a two month 
timeframe, is a risky proposition. How much testing will happen, and will 
there be an open test, similar to when the new User Interface is was rolled 
out?

This project has been in development for just about a year now. Two major 
systems were completely re-written from the ground up: the graphics engine 
and the collision system. During this process, there were two overarching 
rules to which we adhered: the system specs for EverQuest would not 
radically change and the current in-game graphics had to run on the new 
engine. Release 1.0 of the new graphics engine will be the new core 
infrastructure. When we launch the new engine this Spring, if players don't 
see any difference other than increased performance then we will have done 
our job well.

2. This sounds like a radical change to EQ, what was the impetus to re-
write the engine? How long has it been in development? 

No MMO-RPG can beat EQ in terms of sheer size and depth of content and with 
each expansion we significantly improve the quality of the art, but we 
still use tools and processes from the original EQ days (the quality of the 
art in Gates of Discord is a testament to the skill of the artists on the 
team!). Re-writing the graphics engine will allow us to use tools and 
processes to create art that is as good as (or better, imo) than games 
currently on the market or in development. 

3. When you roll out the new engine in 2 months, will we get all the 
improvements in one shot, or is this going to a phased deployment?

The underlying architecture will have been re-written and will provide the 
basis for where we want to go with EQ's graphics in the years to come. 
Graphics changes that the player will see will be phased in slowly. Each 
new expansion will be built on the new graphics engine, and we'll select 
various places in the world to upgrade, but because EQ is so vast, it won't 
be all at once. 

4. The graphics upgrade with the Shadows of Luclin expansion drastically 
raised the system requirements for then current EQ players. You've 
announced that a small percentage (less than 1%) of your current 
subscribers will need to upgrade their video cards. Do you expect a change 
in the minimum requirement to run the game (i.e. processor speed, memory 
etc.) 

Nope. There are some very old video cards that don't support DX9, but other 
than that your system specs will not change. The new graphics engine should 
run more efficiently for the player and allow us to cater to those folks 
who use high-end-latest-technology video cards and those folks who want to 
stick with their (DX9 compliant) 16MB cards. Lower cards may not get the 
same visual experience, but if they can run DX9, they'll be able to play 
the game just fine.


5. Will the engine change result in a graphics upgrade, and if so, how will 
the new graphics be distributed to the existing player base? 

Expansions will be released either digitally or on CD as they have in the 
past; other upgrades will be via patch, but they'll be metered out in an 
easy to download manner when the time comes.

6. Does the change to DirectX 9 indicate we will see EQ take advantage of 
DirectX9 graphic features? 

Yes. A number of features, such as the way characters are animated and 
layers of clothing and armor are rendered have been completely rewritten to 
take full advantage of hardware T&L and pixel shader technologies for 
systems that have the right display cards. Even older cards should benefit 
from these optimizations.

7. There's a lot of heavy competition coming out for EQ this year, with 
World of WarCraft, the new Ultima Online title and even EQ2. How will this 
engine upgrade make EQ competitive against these products? 

A better question might be "are these games being built to be competitive 
with EverQuest." Graphics make up one part of a player's experience, but EQ 
is so rich and so deep that any new game will have a very big challenge 
matching that level of immersion at any time during its development cycle, 
much less at launch. That said, EQ will continue to be the leader in 
content, and now we're going to be able to give the competition a run for 
their money graphically! 

8. Does the engine change any back-end components to EQ? For instance will 
there still be zones? 

Nothing really noticeable to the player, except better performance and 
better graphics!

9. You've mentioned that this will result in a much more stable platform. 
What improvements will existing customers see?

With re-writing the entire graphics and collision system, players can 
expect the current and new world (new graphics) to play faster for them, 
targeting to be more accurate, NPC pathing to be more accurate and 
realistic, animations on newly built NPC and PC models to be more 
realistic, as well as the improved visuals with the new graphics.

10. It's nice that you've offered a deal on the new Nvidia cards, but if I 
buy one of these big-honking cards, will I see a tremendous improvement in 
EQ? If so, what improvements might people with more mortal video cards miss 
out on?

Any high end card with lots of memory, shader 2.0 support and fast 
processing will play any graphically intense application better. For EQ, 
having one of those cards for sku 9 will allow you to see all of the 
wonderful visual effects to their fullest extent while playing; folks on 
other DX9 compatible cards will still play in the same (new) world, will 
still have upgraded graphics and improved performance, but may not be able 
to fully realize the benefits of the technology.
</quote>


