From -8455203517979824723
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c87d33610b1413a1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-30 09:28:50 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Ben Haddick" <bhaddick@SPAMISBADhotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Norrath World Tour
Date: Mon, 30 Jul 2001 11:32:44 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <tmb2q236jg2oe3@corp.supernews.com>
References: <3b657b3b.14213844@news.earthlink.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 107
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:99998

The Muglwump in the Warrens. (might even want to take him down with a few
others for http://eqdb.allakhazam.com/item.html?item=5257)

Definitely the Dragon Bridge from Iceclad to Eastern Wastes, Also, the first
time I saw the bridge from East Karana to North Karana, I thought "Wow,
thats awesome looking".

Probably A Dragon Circle in Iceclad or Great Divide also.

Definitely also the sleeping dragon in East Wastes that is the entrance to
Sleeper's Tomb (don't worry, you need a key to go to Sleepers).

The Throne room of Dain in Icewell keep (don't fall down the pit)
Also, I wouldn't advise going in to or beyond Kael Drakkal in Velious at
your level...  but if you do, go see the tree to PoG in Wakening Lands, or
the Ottermen (Othmir) in Cobalt Scar.

The Autumn valley (where you port in) in the Dreadlands is beautiful also.

If you don't mind the dying part (and CR from hell), a screenshot in midair
just after jumping into The Hole is neat.

The front gate of Najena (inside the Najena zone where theres a stone
gateway with "Najena" in gold lettering above it)

Maybe get a shot of the Goblin Banker in Runnyeye and his treasure chests
(one is a mimic), but you may want to wait until level 30 when he won't beat
on you...  or the Evil Eye room (I like to call it the bathtub, it looks
like the Eye is sitting in a hole filled with water, but the EE prisoner is
level 30ish, don't know if he sees invis or not though.)

The Throne in The Gorge of King Xorbb, taken from behind where you come into
the clearing from, especially in the rare case of King Xorbb sitting on the
top dais.

A picture of Tarbul Earthstrider beating you down in East Karana (not really
a great sight, but I swear that guy has radar for me...)

If you can, the neon signs in Neriak are nice.

The portal to Fear in the Feerott (watch out for the nasties in there,
undead and a necro).

Any wood elf females naked or in leather (hehe, I love wood elf females...)
=P  though they don't look bad in full Crafted armor either...

In Field of Bone, swim out to the island next to the Tangrin (big 50+ epic
ape behind a big wall on an island) then swim out to in front of the wall,
about halfway to the mainland and take a shot of the wall, even better if
you can see the ape through the hole ( the wall itself looks like a big
mural or something); and while you're in FoB, Grab a shot of Kurn's Tower,
as well as the pit, from the balcony on Kurn's.

If you can survive it, go to Warslik's woods and go up the stream from the
ocean, and get a shot of the statues under the bridge at the goblin fort (if
you have Kunark but not Velious, you can see part of this area on the
loading screen, the bridge and an iksar statue)

If you can survive it, swim into the Lake of Ill Omen and get a shot of the
entrance to the sunken temple (expansion zone?), supposedly named Veksar.
(Shape of the entrance is similar to many other zone lines, would make sense
for there to eventually be a zone there)

Looking out for the 50+ epic froggie (Ulump Pujluk) in Swamp of No Hope, go
on a tour of the Froglok city.

In Emerald Jungle, grab a shot of the Grand Staircase (and don't fall off
the cliff...)

Maybe run into Burning Woods and get a shot of one of the impact craters.

Grab a shot of the big statue in Firiona Vie.

Though I don't guarantee survival, maybe get a shot of the entrance to
Veeshan's Peak in Skyfire.

Get a peek at the Firepot room and/or the Hidden Inn in Timorous Deep (make
sure Faydedar isn't up first, and go to the inn before the firepots if you
want to visit both, firepot room is a one way trip, and you have to use the
pots to get out, also make sure you don't port into a hostile city)

Perhaps go into Kedge Keep and take some pictures in the entry room, I
wouldn't go any farther, just because of the risk involved.

Sorry about the non-linearity of these locations, but I just spit them out
as I thought of them.

Good Luck and Happy Sightseeing!

"AK" <akochera@.usa.net> wrote in message
news:3b657b3b.14213844@news.earthlink.net...
>
> I'm preparing to take a vacation cruise around the world of Norrath.
> No fighting or anything... I just want to take in the sights and
> appreciate the scenic beauty..  I'd be taking a bunch of pics along
> the way, and perhaps convert them to a screensaver slide show for my
> desktop.  So let's suppose I start in the West, on Odus, as soon as
> the new zone comes up, and travel to all the other continents going
> east (expansions included).  What are the things you consider 'must
> see' for a camera carrying tourist?
>
> Amendale
> 24 Enchanter
> Quellious
>




