From 4753622150579533611
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6f8ad8ad6308ee3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-15 05:59:32 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!netnews.com!xfer02.netnews.com!feeder.qis.net!sn-xit-02!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Haste Weapon Help Please
Date: Tue, 15 Jan 2002 08:55:29 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C4434D1.6A656153@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 85
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:156600

Here we go again. ;-)
(Note: I know I tend to get a bit long winded, but there are a couple
questions about Velium Swiftblades at the bottom of this post in case
you just want to skip straight to there and not be bored by the
background story.)

Last night, through a series of bizarre events too long and strange to
go into here, three things came to pass:

First, one of our best friends in EQ got his epic. (Yippeeee!)
Second, I became completely OOM (Out Of Money) cashwise, and am, in
fact, 3K PP in debt.
Third, I am now in possesion of a Vellium Swiftblade. For those not
familiar with it, here's a description:
http://everquest.allakhazam.com/db/item.html?item=4567

Now, I've been wanting a haste item for a long time. But I'd always
assumed I'd either wind up camping or buying an FBSS or a Hangman's
noose. Of course, Frenzy is permacamped and trying to get the Hangman to
spawn is like nothing you want to deal with, so I was still without one.
So, needless to say, when I suddenly had a haste item in my hot little
hands I was pretty thrilled. But frankly, now that I check into it, I
don't know what to do with it, or if I should keep it, use it, sell it,
ignore it, etc.

As I said, the circumstances I came into it under are bizarre, but my
choices are:
First, to keep it and use it and pay back 3K PP to a third party.
Or second, to hold it (sort of like collateral) and sell it back later
to the original owner at a bargain basement price that he gave it up
for. 
(6 K PP. Some checking and asking around has indicated it could be worth
anything from 10 to 15 K PP) but just use it as a loaner in the
meantime.
Or third, to sell it outright (assuming I can find a buyer) and try to
turn a profit on the deal even after covering my debt.

On to the Questions:
First, price. What's a realistic price you've seen these sell for, in
case it comes to that? I mean, in my case, if I have to sell it, I'll be
willing to look at a trade situation if it included enough plat to cover
my debt and give me something good in return that my warrior can use.

Second, on the use of the darn thing. I'm totally confused, and the
online discussions I've found on this weapon don't help me any at all.
It appears that it *must* be equipped in one of my two weapons slots.
All other haste items require you to give up an armor slot, which is
fine for the Godlike Beauty of haste, but...... GIVE UP ONE OF MY WEAPON
SLOTS???  Ok, it's not totally "give up" but the stats on this thing, as
a pure melee weapon, are total crap. 5/24? For a level 53 Tank who has
to MA a lot? Come on. Do I have to equip it in primary or secondary to
get the haste effect? I can't just stick it in an inventory slot or
something?

How much *is* the hast effect? I saw some people saying not even as good
as a FBSS. Others say equal to CoF. Other's say 40% and one said it was
level dependent going up to 60% at level 60. What's the haste on this
thing really?

If I *do* equip it, I assume I'll keep it in the secondary, but what's
this going to do to my damage output? (It's not in Copelands, and I
don't know how to adjust copelands for a haste effect of a haste item
not already in there.) I mean, haste is probably second only to more AC
for me, and hasting my primary is very cool, but if I have to gimp my
secondary to the equivalent of a newbie weapon, am I gaining anything?
Would I need to go to some bulky huge damage weapon in Primary, like a
Wurmy, for this to be any good?

Currently, my 1HS options I carry around are a Kunjar and a CSS. When I
got this, I switched the CSS to primary and stuck the VSB in the off
hand. I seem to be swinging faster, but I have a sneaky suspicion that
my overall damage is going down.

I need some help on what weapon options to explore *IF* this is a good
haste item for a 53 Warrior. And if not, what I should do now?

Thanks, as always, in advance.
Jakugg (impoverished) Blackheart
53 Troll Champion
- - - -
"It's as if all of Scottish cuisine is based on a dare. "
- - Saturday Night Live 

Thurgadin Quest Armor Guide:
http://myweb.servtech.com/~thegeorg/eq/thurgadin.htm


