From -1608245552503436474
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c0c1e3aab82ea5db
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-07-15 16:14:50 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!intern1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!news.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 15 Jul 2003 18:14:48 -0500
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Stupid reasons to leave a guild
From: Bob <no@spam.net>
References: <beesl701thq@enews1.newsguy.com>
Organization: Your Company
Message-ID: <Xns93B9A6110A2B9locnarmetonlinenet@206.127.4.10>
User-Agent: Xnews/5.04.25
Date: Tue, 15 Jul 2003 18:14:48 -0500
Lines: 82
X-Trace: sv3-IQsIcpmYd+vV5MWPA/15XRwuAKvDdp+IQypjVDSzpaH4CmfBQya4M2DALLrZEotF7KNPg4lQbNjYtbC!zh8u+HYJJrw+cxMkED8VUqPhqTB2Y6lLbpJUCxg1oqaHe6j0O/gGvOoVTB2dfbnWkMdZ/qMLGBzD
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:293076

> Anyone else got any stupid deguilding stories?  =)
> 

I am in a medium sized guild that has never managed to get more than 60-75 
active players at once.  We focus more on having fun hanging out together 
than really making "progress" in the game.  We managed to find a couple of 
very similar guilds to band together with so we could more easily do larger 
raids when the mood so struck.

Our alliance policy on epic drops is this, the person that organizes the 
raid gets the drop first.  If the raid just happens across an epic mob or 
the leadership organizes the raid for general epic work (i.e. Chardok) then 
the first drop goes to the person furthest along in their epic.  Theory 
being that if they are further along than someone else they are more 
motivated to work on it and get it finished, etc.  In the case of a tie or 
a multi-epic drop (like a jade reaver) the leadership of the three guilds 
comes to some decision.  Ties have always been handled on a case by case 
basis, we have never really hammered out a good way to determine who should 
get it (X has been working on the quest longer than Y, Z has been in the 
guild longer than X, etc).

That in mind, consider the following : 

One of our druids organized a CoM raid to try and get a reaver for his 
epic.  He had been in the guild/alliance forever, one of the leadership 
people, he had always deferred work on his epic in favor of others, a 
really nice guy.  We finally badgered him into doing something for himself 
for a change.

So, according to long standing policy he got the first reaver that dropped 
since he was the one that pulled the raid together.  Since we had two more 
druids and one ranger along that also needed reavers and had been working 
on their quests for a long time (we always had horrible luck getting 
reavers to drop) it was brought up that we should figure out ahead of time 
who should get the next drop.  The leadership fell to discussing this in 
our "behind the curtain" chat channel and we were hard pressed to figure 
out who should be next.  It was hard to compare how far along someone is 
when you are comparing the epic of two different classes so we decided to 
/random to figure out who got what when.

The people that were up for the drops were asked in tells if this was ok 
with them, they all said sure.  Rolls were done and a druid in my guild who 
had been working on his epic since the quests first came out and had been 
stalled out needing a reaver forever didn't get the top roll.  He got 
second behind someone that hadn't even been playing the game as long as he 
had been working on his epic.  However, and this is important, he didn't 
mind, he obviously wanted the reaver but he saw the decision we had made 
and agreed to doing a /random to determine the loot order.

Now the weird part.  A cleric in my guild exploded.  They just totally went 
off that this was a conspiracy against our guild by one of the other allied 
guilds, it was unfair, our druid deserved it more since he had been working 
on it longer, he had been in the guild/alliance longer, etc etc.  It was 
unfair, the raid leader (we kind of lead by commitee and it was one of the 
other guilds turn to be the public face telling everyone what to do) was 
doing this on their own, etc etc.  Cleric detagged and left in a huff.

Of course this cleric had been rumbling for quite some time that they 
wanted to move on to a "real" guild that would take them where they wanted 
to go, etc etc.  Getting upset over this was nothing more than the most 
flimsy of pretexts to detag so they could pursue their dreams of 
uberguilddom (which they did but that is another story).

The stupidest part in all this was the assumption on their part that the 
leaders of *all three* guilds hadn't discussed this at all, the decision 
was made in a biased fashion for the guild of the raid leader du jour.  It 
was obviously patently unfair to the druid in my guild since he had been 
working on his epic so long and couldn't possibly have just not had a 
problem with waiting till the next raid maybe to get his drop.  The cleric 
knew this since we hadn't consulted with them and gotten their approval on 
what we as guild leaders decided, the fact that the cleric wasn't an 
officer in any capacity had no bearing on it.

Moral : trust your leadership kids, they usually have more on the ball than 
you give em credit for, and if you are going to leave, just gather the 
stones to tell everyone, don't manufacture an excuse.

Oh, lest I forget...that night we not only got lucky and got a reaver for 
the person that organized the raid, we got 4 more for a total of 5 jade 
reaver drops in one raid.  We not only got the reavers for all the people 
that rolled but we had an extra for a druid that showed up late.  Rendering 
the clerics reason for leaving (loot issue by proxy?!?) even stupider.


