From 7315692164950046140
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,32f6358d1d95a113,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-09 08:23:45 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!news-hub.cableinet.net!blueyonder!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!bin6.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Daniel" <daniel_h_w@yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: /report
Lines: 148
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
Message-ID: <PHDs8.72862$w7.6037444@bin6.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com>
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 09 Apr 2002 10:23:27 CDT
Organization: Giganews.Com - Premium News Outsourcing
X-Trace: sv3-OPMS2x3UWGCI+V9E3yo6qjeTN5j87wWyRknJbf/q4G5UtUgGOzozQyP298TniHO6fcjk4NAe+nzsugP!WD6QIVpdrxVOaoSb1T+wGwN7Ogdq6Wi48LFe6T2+mqQ2yjWHsZGUkOV7NtgeZdsd+1Ok8ayhlw==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@GigaNews.Com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
Date: Tue, 09 Apr 2002 15:23:27 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:184377

I found this on the EverQuest website.  Interesting reading, though I now
have a question about it.
    According to my understandings on this, "/report charactername" reports
the last 10 lines of text visible on your chat window, and makes
"charactername" associated with them so it can be more easily looked up
later (such as use of foul language, but you don't want to bother with a
/petition so you /report it that way if the issue comes up in the future and
they search for that charactername then they'll see your /report as well,
maybe to further back up someone else's story of being an ongoing problem).
I've always thought (from being told by people) that /report playername will
report the last 10 lines of text associated with that player's name (like
what they said or did).  Is that not or no longer true?
    Second question is similar to above.  The other day I was in EC and ran
across a druid and another wizard at orc camp 2.  The druid accused the
wizard of stealing the camp.  The wizard then invited me to group with them
(no /say or anything, just got a message say I've been invited to join a
group and to click follow, you know the default message).  This wizard also
got others to join as well (very quickly).  Seeing we didn't have a healer,
I asked if the druid could join (in /say so the Druid could hear also as I
wanted them to know I was trying to be nice as she had partially healed me
earlier).  The wizard didn't ever respond (even though I kept asking and we
had more room).  The druid soon left.  We made a few kills, but within 10
minutes another character came in (was anonymous, but I think was a druid
also).  This one was very high LV.  They were using nukes and AOE to wipe
out the mob or whole camp in a single hit.  They said they were the same
person as earlier and that because the wizard stole their camp, they're
stealing it back.  They even said they know they won't get EXP but if they
couldn't get EXP then they'll make sure we won't either.  At this point I
tried talking to our group leader (the wizard) to find out what started this
mess (because isn't this a /petitional offence? Stealing a camp of far lower
mobs for the purpose of preventing someone else from getting EXP?), but I
wanted to try to sort it out (and maybe get the healer in our group).  The
wizard never once responded (wonder if I had been put on /ignore).  Soon
others in the group were asking as well but also no response.  The leader
then wanted to give up and go to Oasis.  Myself and another ranger in the
group were trying to talk to the higher LV druid to at least get someone's
side of the story.  We quickly found ourselves removed from the group
without warning or reason as the others left to Oasis (by now I'd rather not
group with someone of that attitude anyway).  I later found out that leader
went somewhere else to hunt and by then had earned himself the right to be
in a large group of 1 (including himself).  The druid did eventually explain
the wizard came, started KSing, and being abusive as well.  I know both were
in the wrong, the wizard for sure (although he never admitted it, his
attitude made the druid's story VERY believable), and then the druid for
denying us EXP like that.
    My question is this.  If someone were to have /report that (mainly the
part where the druid admitted to stealing the camp knowing they won't get
EXP but doing it to deny us EXP we would get).  And they /report
HighLVDruidsName and maybe also /report LowLVDruidsName with that portion of
the text.  With this person having done this once, one would think they
either have made a habit of it in the past, and/or will continue to do it in
the future.  Eventually if this continues they WILL be talked to (someone
will eventually /petition, and had it not been for the attitude of the
wizard some of us might have).  In responding to the /petition, would the GM
possibly/probably look for a /report involving the same thing, and possibly
check by character name as well, and then see the report made in the past,
to show that this player continuously does this?
    I didn't /report or /petition because the druid was nice to me
(forgetting about the EXP issue for the group I was part of), did talk to
me, did explain their part of the story, and even said if I return they'd
buff me (just being nice).

Below is the info copy/paste from the website.

http://everquest.station.sony.com/hht/features/report.jsp

Using the /report feature

The /report feature is designed to give customers a way to send us the text
that they see on their screen. The reasons to do so are as varied as there
are players of EverQuest, but there are some common uses for this feature.
You can use it to report foul language, harassment, scams or bugs. As long
as there is some text that has appeared in your chat window that you would
like us to see, you can report it. For example, if you think there is a bug
with faction message that you received after killing a certain NPC, you can
use /report to show us the faction message.

The /report function captures the last ten lines that are visible in your
chat window and stores them in a searchable database. So, if you have
enlarged your chat window to accommodate 16 lines of text, and you want to
/report 9 of them, just make sure that the last line you wish to report is
at the bottom of your chat window.

There are two things to note about the above paragraph. First, and bolded,
is that the function only sends text that you can see. If the text that you
want to report has scrolled up out of your chat window, then you will need
to use the SHIFT-PAGE UP keys (or the scroll bar) to scroll up your chat
window until you can see the text that you want to report. It might be a
good idea to move to a location that doesn't have too much chat going on to
make it easier to isolate the information you want to report.

The second thing to note is that this information is stored in a database.
It is not reported directly to a Guide or a GM. If you want to bring this
information to the immediate attention of a GM (it should be noted that only
GMs have access to this information, Guides do not), then you should follow
your /report with at /petition. Include as many details as you can in the
petition, and make sure to mention that you placed a report.

Not all /reports need to be followed up with a /petition. If you just want
some information on record in our database, then no petition would be
needed. For example, if you find someone's language to be offensive, but you
are about to log off or just don't think that a single instance of such
language is worth a petition, then you can report the text and it will be
available for future reference.

It is also important to note that you can add a parameter to the /report
function. The format for the feature is:

/report <subject>

You can use anything as the subject. Often the best subject is a character
name. You should put a subject in the report almost every time you use the
feature.

If you are reporting the actions of another player, such as foul language,
then include the name of that character after the /report. Make sure to
spell the name correctly.

In other cases you should include your own character's name in the report.
This makes it easier for our GMs to find the report when you petition with
your concern. So if you want to report a bug that has affected your
character, scroll up to the text that shows the bug and type /report
yourcharactername, then send a /petition with all the information about the
problem and mention that you have placed a report as well.

You could also use the type of problem for the subject. For example you
might use "/report faction" if you want to report a faction problem. If you
send a petition after the report, please include the subject so the GM can
find it more easily. If you don't petition, the subject will help us when we
look for reports about faction issues.

In summary, the important details about using /report:

1) Make sure that the text that you wish to report is visible on your screen
2) Include a subject after the /report (i.e. /report faction)
3) Send a /petition if you would like someone to look up your report.
Include the fact that you've sent a report in your petition

The /report function is a very useful tool for our customers if used
correctly. Hopefully we have provided you with the information you need to
get the most out of this tool.


--

Daniel    daniel_h_w@yahoo.com




