From -5569014158443914645
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cf37019d12631796
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!newshub.sdsu.edu!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.comcast.com!news.comcast.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 25 Dec 2004 04:42:48 -0600
Date: Sat, 25 Dec 2004 05:42:50 -0500
From: Michael <NOSPAM_Lin_mukai@comcast.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla Thunderbird 1.0 (Windows/20041206)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE!!!
References: <0_-dncIjZZ64R1HcRVn-sg@comcast.com> <Xns95CA12B9E43381bebinn11msn11com1@199.45.49.11>
In-Reply-To: <Xns95CA12B9E43381bebinn11msn11com1@199.45.49.11>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <MYCdnc7Nobe12VDcRVn-pg@comcast.com>
Lines: 152
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.96.95.162
X-Trace: sv3-sepPQKe3nuej+ADt+r6RFzvfBSFGWMArWZyS00icPTEcKjKkBwZyJBl+sF9A/MqgM2dI2+gpEWfcqc/!TjkZdcsEMMXehQzW77zxdZ4uZnjDW0+GfoyDLeXjIxg8powlvIFgQU9vM1iu
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:27997

Bebinn wrote:
> Michael <NOSPAM_Lin_mukai@comcast.net> wrote in news:0_-dncIjZZ64R1HcRVn-
> sg@comcast.com:
> 
> 
>>Merry Christmas you guys. I've not been here all that long but I've 
>>really enjoyed stopping by lately for interesting discussion about our 
>>favorite game, well my favorite game anyway as well as other topics of 
>>interest to EQ players.
>>
>>Hope you all have a wonderful holiday season.
>>
>>
> 
> 
> for reasons I'm sure no one here cares about, my Christmas this year sucks.   
> I didn't even bother with a tree.  Years ago, I was the annoying girl who 
> wore a Santa hat from the day after thanksgiving till New Years and also 
> listened to carols 24-7 the whole time.  This year, hat still in storage, 
> no decorations, no carols.  I would stay home and not go to my sister-in-
> law's house for Christmas dinner but that would mean I'd have to provide 
> one more day of meals for my family and we just don't have it.  I'd go on 
> with my crappy life but I guess this isn't the place for it.

I'm sorry to hear you are suffering through a difficult time, especially 
at this usually happy time of year. I hope the coming year sees many 
blessings for you and you come to a light at the end of the tunnel that 
you are in now. And I hope next year the tree goes up, the hat goes on 
and the tunes play.

I once had a year that may have been a little like what you are talking 
about. I was 18, on my own, no family and going to be alone in my humble 
little apartment on Christmas, with no tree, no gifts and nothing 
special to eat but most importantly I was going to be alone. I was a 
wild young man then with wild young friends. Several days before 
Christmas I walked home from work in my factory job one day (which was a 
town away and I had no car as I was rather poor at that time) and 
discovered a tree leaning up against my entry door. So I took it in and 
stood it in the corner. It had been left there by those wild guys for 
me. I never would have expected them to do that.

Being the young man that I was with no decorations but a beer drinker at 
the time, I decided it would look nice with Bud tall cans to decorate it 
as they were red and white and looked sort of Christmasy in their own 
way. So I put them on the tree and then I cut out a lady in a swimsuit 
out of a magazine and she was my angel at the top and that was that. I 
wish I had a picture of it today but of course, I had no camera.

I was moved by how those guys got me that tree. And they came to see me 
too. And even at that age I also remembered who's birthday this is all 
about and I was glad for what I had, which was the people in my life who 
cared about me when I didn't expect that they did. And my best friend 
came to see me too and so I guess I wasn't really alone after all. It 
just kind of felt that way in the morning when I arose because I had no 
family to be with. My best friend from those days still is my best 
friend today.

Those were tough times for me. I was eeking out a living making minimum 
wage and walking from Norfolk to Walpole down the railroad tracks each 
day in all kinds of weather to get to and from work at a deadend factory 
job that I had then. I had a drug and alcohol problem and although I had 
a good mind, it did not seem as if I would ever be able to go to college 
and do some kind of work where I might actually use it. Although I had 
my drinking buddies and I had my best friend who really kept me up at 
times, I was often lonely in my apartment and wished I had a family and 
that I had a girl in my life. But what did I have to offer any young 
lady then, you know?

But deep inside I always did believe in God and in the real meaning of 
Christmas and I always asked Him to help me even as mixed up as I was 
back then. And I think He heard me. And I think He did help me in His 
own way and in His own good time. Slowly over the years my life got a 
lot better although I had my share of ups and downs as so many people 
do. I eventually went back to school nights and got a degree and 
graduated with a 4.0 too. Not bad for a kid that barely made it out of 
high school he was so troubled at the time.

And in later years I would see my marriage of almost 20 years end when 
my wife decided she had no further use for me and wanted to go to bars 
and date other men, leaving me and my two daughters at home many nights 
until she left me altogether. I was so depressed I wanted to die. I 
became incapacitated by it, lost the best job I'd ever had and wound up 
in a psychiatric ward getting electro-shock treatments for my depression 
when nothing else worked. I had never been so low in all my difficult 
life. And in that hospital ward they took me through every painful 
memory of my youth while they were at it in an effort to help me. We 
revisited the abuse I suffered as a child and the rape I endured when as 
young boy of 13 I ran away from home into Boston. I was picked up by a 
pedophile who I thought was going to murder me but instead had his fun 
all night long, while his sister sat in the next room and did nothing to 
help me, and then left me out on the street again. For many, many years 
I never told anyone. I just lived with it and with everything else that 
had happened to me.

But somehow for all of that I have come away not feeling bitter or 
depressed anymore. I don't feel sorry for myself because I was beaten 
and raped as a boy. And I don't feel sorry for myself because I lost my 
wife, my career in software development, my house and my good credit 
rating. Even though I am starting again from square one basically at 45 
years of age I have learned something from everything I've been through 
and from the decent people who were kind to me and helped me along the 
way. I have learned not to focus on the troubles in my life but to 
instead be grateful for everything that is good in it. I have my health, 
I have two wonderful daughters whom I adore, I have a roof over my head, 
I have a computer to play with and games that I enjoy and I have my 
career in nursing that I love so much again. And I feel that the things 
I've endured have molded my character such that I can really be a good 
nurse and be kind to my patients and give them the love they so need 
when they are sick and dying as well as their families. And I learned 
this sensitivity by suffering myself. I find that I can always find 
something good in almost any situation if I try and look for it.

Looking back I believe that God helped me to endure the things I went 
through and gave me the strength to survive them and then used those 
those experiences to guide me into being a better person because of them 
  who now helps others who are suffering worse things than I ever did.

So I guess what I mean is I hope you can try to look for the glass that 
is half full in your life and not be taken down by seeing it as half 
empty or worse. It's Jesus's birthday today and He came here for you and 
yours just as much as he did for anyone else on earth. I don't usually 
talk much about God and I am not the preachy type but this is what it is 
all about. If you have your health and you have some friends and family 
you are far richer than you may be feeling right now. Have faith in the 
one who's birthday we celebrate today and ask Him to help you out and 
give you the strength to bear your troubles and to make a way for you 
and I believe He will. Even in my darkest hours and there have been some 
very bad ones in my life, looking back I feel like He always helped me 
when I needed it most, although I rarely knew it at the time.

I guess I hope you can try to look for Christ in this Christmas and find 
that maybe there are some good things in your life too, like the 
sister-in-law who's having you for dinner and the family I imagine you 
must love who are going with you and who most likely love you very much too.

See, somebody gave a damn after all and I bet I am not the only one who 
will feel for you when they read your post. So I hope you have a nice 
time with your family this Christmas and forget about your troubles for 
the day. I pray that you find your way to better times this year. And I 
hope you can remember to lean on the Good Lord who loves you so much He 
came here for you as much as anyone.

God bless you and yours this Christmas and may He lead you to better 
times in the new year ahead.


-- 
Get Thunderbird - Reclaim Your Inbox
http://www.mozilla.org/products/thunderbird/

Get Firefox! - The Browser You Can Trust
http://www.mozilla.org/products/firefox/


