From 903852848566650860
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,30915ef9e6a66752,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-25 06:22:34 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!isdnet!nntp.abs.net!newsfeed.cwix.com!newsfeed.nyc.globix.net!newsfeed.sjc.globix.net!cyclone-sf.pbi.net!165.113.238.17!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews1
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Overking in Chardok - How to kill him
Date: Mon, 25 Feb 2002 08:01:02 -0600
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 133
Message-ID: <a5dg390i8d@enews1.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-581.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:169308

Hiya.  =)

Being a 55 Cleric in a guild that has a buncha mid-50's people but no epics
and a little light on "uber" raids, I asked to go along on someone else's
Chardok Royals raid.  They managed to kill the Overking twice, then got
wiped when they tried to clear the Queen room and managed to aggro Her Royal
Highness herself.  Goodbye Royals, Hello Coffins.

Anyway, with that experience under my belt, I'd like to lead my own Chardok
Overking raid so I can get the scroll I need for my epic.  This is the
strategy I've developed, based on my observations and the questions I asked
during the raid.  I don't know how complete it is, or what I'm overlooking,
so if any of y'all would care to comment, I'd love to hear what you have to
say.  =)

Ok, here's what I learned about taking down the Overking.

First, besides the usual assortment of healers, tanks, and damage dealers,
the following people are make-or-break for the raid:

High-level chanter (58+, preferably 60). Someone who can reliably mezz the
high-level mobs we'll be facing.

Rogue with max lockpick. There's a locked door down there. Also, sneak/hide
will be useful for retrieving the bodies of them that die whilst pulling
(see below).

Monk with max Feign Death. This will be essential in order to break the
Overking's room. Even with max FD, the monk should expect to die a time or
two until we get it right.

Paladin. We need a Paladin to engage the Overking and cast Divine Aura and
then pull the Overking out of the pit. More on this below.

Mage with CotH. Because we'll have people coming and going, probably.

Necro. For DMF and to help recover corpses after the wipeout. =)

Most importantly, any raid will need to be focus and organized. Mobs need to
be taken down quickly and efficiently, while leaving mana to deal with the
next one.

Here's what happens:

Groups are made at the zone-in. NO PETS ALLOWED; too many potential aggro
problems. We begin clearing our way to the palace, going through the fort
and over the bridges, taking down the mobs along the way. This should be
easy.

Once we get to the palace and have cleared the mobs in front, the fun
*really* begins. Inside the palace gates are up to ten high-level Sarnaks.
Pulling them singly is a logistical nightmare, and virtually impossible to
do before you get repops from all around. So their are two strategies
involved:

A) Rush inside, have the Main Tank pick a target, and start eliminating the
Sarnaks one by one while the enchanters mezz the others. This puts a burden
on the healers to *keep the chanters alive*, even above keeping the tanks
alive. And, again, taking down each mob *quickly and efficiently* is
important.

B) Rush inside, have the Main Tank pick a target, wait until all the adds
gather around, then have everyone start casting AoE damage spells. With
enough people casting these spells, the mobs should drop pretty quickly - of
course, at the cost of most of the raiding party's mana, but that's okay.

Once all the mobs in the entrance area have been taken care of, the party
moves down the hallway. We take care of a couple of other mobs plus a
roamer, then we get to rest. We get about twenty minutes to rez our dead,
recover mana, and rebuff. Then we move again.

Rogue lockpicks a door, and we move to the library. We may get as many as
three mobs at a time, but we should be able to handle that. The library has
a set of stairs going down to the lower level; we go down those stairs and
take out two more mobs.

At this point the necro DMF's *everyone*. Why? Because there's a pit trap
near the door that leads directly to the Overking's lair, and we do NOT want
to drop down that. DMF, because of its fixed duration, is the best way to
avoid that trap. At this point, all familiars must be killed; if they hit
the Overking's AoE, they'll aggro the Overking to the party. After everyone
is DMF'd, we go down the hallway and take care of a roamer.

Then the tricky part:

The monk puller (maybe working with a tag-team partner) begins clearing the
Overking's room. There are eight mobs plus the Overking in the room, and we
want to get that down to two or three. So the monks begin to pull the mobs,
bringing them to the raid party that's sitting in the hallway. We do *not*
pull the Overking. If the Overking aggros the raiding parties, we retreat
back to the library and *camp* to clear aggro. This shouldn't be a problem
if the pullers are careful. On the raid I went on, the monks were able to
successfully clear the entire room except for the Overking.

Now for the paladin.

The pally has DA up, of course. The pally rushes in, aggros the Overking,
DA's, pulls the Overking out of the small pit in the back of the room and as
far forward as possible without going up the stairs and into the hallway.
Then the Pally yells "CHARGE" and the raiding party comes charging in to
attack. DO NOT GO INTO THE PIT FOR ANY REASON WHATSOEVER. The Overking casts
Gravity Flux, and if you are in the pit, you'll hit the ceiling and aggro
*the entire library*. Eight adds while we're fighting the Overking is
something we do *not* need.

Once the Overking is dead the rest is easy. We set up camp in the Overking's
room (again keeping out of the pit). The Overking is on a two-hour spawn
timer, the rest of the mobs are on thirty-minute timers. We keep the room
clean of mobs and, two hours later, we again pull back out into the hallway,
leaving behind our Pally to wait for the Overking to pop. We repeat the
strategy above.

That is the strategy I'd like to use. There is an alternative strategy of
getting a CotH mage, a rogue, and a cleric to max their faction with Chardok
by killing Gobs in Nurga and farming them for salts and skins. Then the
rogue and mage merrily wander the palace until the get to the hallway
leading to the Overking's room. They then summon a monk or four who
immediately FD. Then they begin summoning tanks who begin engaging the
roamer in the hallway, with the support of the monks and others who are
there. Once the roamer's dead, the mage summons the rest of the raid. I
hesitate to suggest this because it would mean that the rogue, cleric, and
mage would have to spend many tedious, XP-less hours in Nurga. That's asking
a bit much. I'd rather focus our discussion on what I suggested above.

Thoughts/comments?

-Richard
Monual Lifegiver - 55th Human Cleric on Drinal







