From 5909722067077629337
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ed52626af0500e4
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-02-02 01:59:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Need Help Lost Body Damn it lol
Date: Sun, 02 Feb 2003 04:59:43 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3E3CEC0F.66907A43@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.51 [en] (Win98; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <0kpp3vcfo62o83auumhvm2g620tmm81r9p@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 60
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:262124

NIgHtWiNd wrote:
> 
> Febuary 2 2002
> 
>      Well Tonight I Ventured With my Dark Elf From Neriak To  the
> Mountains of  Rathe.  Well Needless to say I was brutally killed while
> there. and now I am In the Desert Of Ro and my body is in the
> Mountains. I know where the body is. What is the best way to go about
> getting my body. I don't have pop so I have to walk,  Any Suggestions
> would be appreciated. thanks in Adavance.  By the way I am Level 12 if
> that helps anything.
> 
> thanks in Advance Nightwind

First things first, find the application you have running on your
computer that inserts RandOm cApitaL lEtTers everywhere and shut it off.
:-)

Now, as to your problem... you don't say what class you are, so let's
assume the worst and say you can't cast invis or SoW. (Ok... SoW was out
of the question anyway, as you're a DE). Getting a SoW will make this
process a lot easier. Ask around for somebody to cast it on you, or if
you can afford it, go to the bazaar and buy a ten dos SoW potion. If you
can invis, do so. Most everything you are likely to run into on this
trip can NOT run at SoW speed so even if you are spotted and gain aggro,
you should usually be able to outrun the mobs to the zone line if you
keep your wits about you.

Getting from S. Ro back to Rathe Mtns. isn't that bad. Just go to the
south end of the zone and cross over into Innothule Swamp. Once in, take
a right and stick right up on the zone wall and keep going. You'll go
along the North and then West walls of the zone until you come to the
entrance to Feerott. Zone in there and follow the road. (If you don't
already have a map, print one out at eqatlas.com.  It's got a good map
of Feerott.) There's not much to fear in that zone but the odd bear and
occasional ogre. If you keep your eyes peeled you can avoid all of them.
The spiders and bats are all non-aggro so don't worry about them. The
road will cross a bridge where you come to the most dangerous part of
the trip while crossing that brige and traveling the section of road
past it. Be very watchful for Bouncer Hurd. He wanders that area, and
will take your little Dark Elf's lunch money and make you cry. (Unless
DE's are non KOS to the ogres. They may be. God, it's been so long since
I played there I don't even remember. Well, if you see any ogres, con
them anyway to be sure. It's always a good idea to con EVERYTHING till
you learn your way around.)

The road will eventually lead you to the Rathe Mtns. zone line. When you
zone in, prepare to run like hell to where your corpse is and back. If
you have not already done so, set up a "Corpse" hotkey which just has
the line /corpse on it. When you get to your body, target it and start
clicking that corpse key like mad as you dash back towards the Feerott
zone canyon. If you get a good ways up there near the zone line, you
will be safe from wandering mobs unless somebody trains the zone out.
That should be a nice safe spot to loot your corpse and get on your way
back home.
-- 
jaZZ md

"Because sometimes, you just really shouldn't go out without a baseball
bat."


