From 2881710201549883212
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,88947c41c2ffb5ab,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-05-01 15:34:16 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Ben Haddick" <bhaddick@SPAMISBADhotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: OMG Weeee!!
Date: Wed, 1 May 2002 17:34:53 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <ud0rb7am5h0q4d@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 98
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:191759

I've been playing with my animal charms lately since I've got one that
doesn't suck now (Call of Karana), and it rocks.

My charmed and hasted light blue (to 52) adult rockhopper in Mons Letalis
was able to take on a blue adult rockhopper, a blue mature rockhopper, 2
blue stonegrabbers and a light blue Shik'Nar something, all in a row without
stopping (except to find a pull) without healing, all I was doing was
pulling with snare, warden symbol root and bracer dot and refreshing haste
on Dino when it wore off.  Half a blue in 52 in about 10 minutes, for about
1 blue bubble of mana (was more like 2 bubbles of mana, but since I could
med while Dino killed stuff it went up)  Would've kept going but charm and
snare wore off at the same time, which was when a Shik'Nar gatherer decided
he didn't like me killing his friend.  Mons Letalis may be a crappy zone,
but when you find a good spot, charm and kill is way fun. (I'm curious about
the Ancient Rockhopper I saw on track, but it was even to me at 52, so I
wasn't particularly interested in going closer)

I was also doing ghetto CC in Chardok with a monk/cleric 2boxing and a
warrior friend of mine, those Chokidai can sure put on the damage (wasn't
hasting here since I end up getting beat on when charm breaks), even saved
us from wipeout when one came with the named Watch Sergeant when we managed
to pull him (needed the extra melee dmg monk died anyways from a slow CH
from his bot cleric)

Of course now I'm going to go off and die horribly trying to do the same
thing in West Wastes at some point...

Anyways, in Mons Letalis, I won't give away my spot since I don't want
anyone to mafia it, hehe, but I will share my spell loadout and such.

slot 1 - Savage Spirit (70% haste, +45 str, + 17 ac), refresh when wears off
on Dino
slot 2 - Superior Heal, I never do any hunting w/o heal up, just in case,
it's saved me more times than gate (which I don't usually have up)
slot 3 - Call of Karana, Charm, 'nuff said
slot 4 - Drifting Death, was planning on root/rot and didn't need to unmem
it, but I'll put up a few other spells here and slot 5 next time that would
be more useful
slot 5 - Breath of Ro, see slot 4
slot 6 - Ensnare, cast it on EVERYTHING that you're interacting with.
slot 7 - the level 39 fast cast (1.8 sec) root
slot 8 - Egress, for when the shit hits the fan. (although I had more luck
just running to a zone on my try here)

I also had Drones of Doom off my Thurg bracer and the level 5 root off my
warden symbol to use.

Tactics:
Buff up with Skin like Nature, Thorncoat, and SoW, I also keep see invis up
in buff slot 1 with my bracer of the hidden just out of habit and in case
something dispels me.  Also useful to do any equipment mods you can to max
Charisma out without sacrificing too much wis/mana/hp. (my cha was 77 for
this)

Find your spot with camo up, scout around and check the pathing, and find a
rockhopper to befriend.
Pull hopper with snare, then root it with the level 5 root off necklace to
give time to charm (since the root doesn't last long and charm takes a while
to cast).  After charm, give Dino Savage Spirit, and keep it up on him until
you find a replacement if necessary. (at this point you do NOT want to get
melee'd by Dino when charm breaks)

Now for the fun part, PULLING!!, basically anything you want, but you want
to single pull, Dino can't taunt more than that at once and it makes for a
lot more danger.  Rockhoppers are social I think and agro, Stonegrabbers are
agro and possibly social (never found 2 close enough to test), Shik'nar are
definitely social and non-kos initially (they're on Shik'nar faction, which
means that they can go KoS if you kill a lot of them).  Try to get your pull
close to the zone line before sending Dino in to avoid adds.  Once Dino is
kicking the snot out of them, necklace root them (just in case charm does
break, you've only got one thing after you for a short time) and bracer dot
them (not really necessary, but every little bit helps, fight should be over
fast enough that you don't have to reapply it).

Loot here was mediocre from what I saw, a chanter page off one of the
stonegrabbers, an LQ hopper hide off one of the hoppers, an HQ hide off
another, and 5pp off the Shik'nar I killed.

Now, not to sound condescending or anything, but I would suggest that
halflings not try this unless you've got a lot of cha gear, since cha does
affect charm resist/duration rate and asslings are one of the ugliest races
out there.

This is probably also not very good exp for anyone much higher level since
Mons Letalis greens out, lots of light blues to me at 52.  I'm also going to
try the same tactics in Scarlet Desert with a charmed dino or cheetah at
some point (I do imagine having issues finding something to kill in SD
though, a lot of the non-factioned stuff other than the sun revenants is
light blue/green).  Heh, if this works out well enough, I might leave the
Grey for a while for some real fun.  (Duoing in the Grey with a necro is
also fun, keep necrocrack (chloroplast), skin like nature (for the extra
regen/hp) and SoW on them and just pull stuff for them to kill and the
occasional bracer dot)

Oh yeah, and bonus points to anyone who knows where I got the subject line
from. (hint: dancing squirrel)




