From -7611843932879999053
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4dc0f8bdd3dd0ea4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-08 11:40:45 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Arklier <arklier@spamnot.hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Sullon Zek: Alliance populations and the future
Date: Sun, 08 Jul 2001 11:49:13 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <kiahktcnisfp1r2c4i0m3ps1pqbd1h8vjm@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 65
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:92744

I posted this on sullon-zek.com, and someone suggested re posting it
here to get additional info and feedback, so here it is.

Just a warning up front, this is probably going to be long. Feel free
to flame me if my information is wrong, but please listen to what I
have to say with an objective mind. 

I'm concerned about the future of Sullon, and frankly more than a bit
alarmed. The alliance populations are way out of whack. Probably a
good 65% - 75% of the server is evil. I can understand the appeal.
Hey, I'm evil myself, although more for RP reasons and the fact that
I've done good too much on the blue servers than anything else. But
this massive imbalance is causing a spiral downwards. More and more
goods and even neutrals are quitting, either by leaving the server or
rerolling their characters as evil to keep from getting ganked all the
time. Sure, getting ganked is part of the server, but when you can't
even make it to your corpse, which is less than half a zone away, and
you've been trying for hours, and your friends and guild can't help
you because they're outnumbered 30 to 1, it gets discouraging, doesn't
it? And yes, I've seen it happen just like that. I know the server
population is horribly inflated at the moment, but think about this...
What causes most people to leave PVP servers? Getting ganked a lot
(different people have different definitions of 'a lot'). Now, evil
makes up 65% - 75% of the population. Guess who isn't getting ganked
all that much? Ding! That's right, evil. Guess who IS getting ganked a
lot? Right again! Newts, and especially goods. Even though one faction
is trying to kill off the other two, all the factions need to exist.
The point of all this spam is, if the current trends continue, I can
look ahead in the not too distant future and see a Sullon Zek where
90%+ of the population is evil. Evil will control all the zones
(besides certain towns of course), there is no place non-evil
characters can level, and those good/newt newbies that sign up to try
out the server get ganked into oblivion as soon as they set foot
outside their home town. Essentially, Sullon will become a blue server
with a bunch of missing classes/races and no PNP. A bit startling,
huh? But I don't think it's too farfetched. Not at all. 

My suggestions to head off this problem are probably bad, and they
certainly are few. I invite others to add their solutions, and
eventually I may forward this post to Verant with the suggestions
included. The first thing I would suggest is that the goods and
neutrals call a truce. The sides united could stand against the evils,
but right now they spend just as much time PKing each other as trying
to cut down the evil population. This would rely on Verant changing
the coding though, since there is no way to speak to all the goods and
neutrals at once and suggest it. It would have to be a coded solution
to keep people from PKing each other anyway. In effect, temporarily
unite the goods and newts on one team. My second suggestion is to
fundamentally change the neutral faction. Make it so they can cast
beneficial or harmful spells on both good and evils as well as other
neutrals, but can also be attacked by either good or evil. Neutral is,
after all, the balance between good and evil. See? I told you they'd
suck. 

Like I said, if anyone has any suggestions, I'd be glad to pass it
along.

arklier@spamnothotmail.com
Remove 'spamnot' to reply by email

Mega Man fans visit alt.games.megaman

Quint's page of Rockman manga scans: http://www.crosswinds.net/~sakugarne

"We may be pirates, but we're not barbarians. We'll let them keep the toilet paper." - Teisel Bonne


