From -7795850481057009163
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c8b87a21e0d5136d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-06 02:34:22 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!cyclone.tampabay.rr.com!cyclone.austin.rr.com!typhoon.austin.rr.com.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: dcd@firstnethou.com (Dan Day)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: ac trigger
Message-ID: <3cb4c70c.397478906@news-server.houston.rr.com>
References: <a8maqk$t08rn$1@ID-122512.news.dfncis.de>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.01/32.397
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 134
Date: Sat, 06 Apr 2002 10:32:05 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.25.13.184
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.austin.rr.com 1018089125 66.25.13.184 (Sat, 06 Apr 2002 04:32:05 CST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 06 Apr 2002 04:32:05 CST
Organization: Road Runner - Texas
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:183542

On Sat, 6 Apr 2002 00:11:58 -0800, "Adam Russell"
<adamrussell@directvinternet.com> wrote:
>
>What's the current theory on ac triggering?  Just got cussed at for killing
>the tower spawn before 8pm.  So is this bs or is there something to taking
>him down at the right time?

Everyone has a theory, few of them agree with each other.
But here's mine...

I've studied the "ecology" of South Ro far longer than I'd
care to admit, and also the spawn behavior of scores of
other Everquest zones.  (The basement of Kurn's tower
is especially interesting, but that's another story.)

My conclusion about the AC in S.Ro is that like most open,
outdoor old-world zones in Everquest, he has no specific
placeholder.

Instead, he's on a "batch spawn" system as is used in
WC, EC, N.Ro, S.Ro, and a number of other outdoor zones.

Have you ever encountered a "clump" of identical mobs,
stuck together and hovering a foot or so above the ground?
When you whack them, or wait and watch long enough, they drop
to the ground and start wandering off in different directions.

Such outdoor zones don't have "single" spawns, they have
"batch" spawns, which can spawn as 1-N (I've seen as many
as five) identical mobs in a batch.

And a clue to the behavior of such spawns can be found in
Upper Guk at the Ancient Crocodile spawn, which is easier
to study because that spawn does not wander like their outdoor
cousins (and always spawn in the same spot).  The Ancient
Croc spawn can spawn 1-6 placeholder crocs, *or* a single
Ancient Crocodile.  What's especially interesting is that
when you get a batch of crocs (which all spawn simultaneously),
the spawn site won't respawn if you only kill one or two or
three crocs, you have to kill all of the most recent batch
before the spawn timer starts to count down to the appearance
of the next batch (or Ancient Croc).

It's almost certain that the outdoor zones like S.Ro work
the same way -- you have to kill *every* member of a given
"batch" before that "mob slot" can respawn something fresh.

This also explains why you'll see sudden "waves" of,
say, Dune Tarantulas appear, looking as if they're
marching in formation away from a particular spot.

It's not clear whether any desert-type "mob slot" has a
chance to spawn the AC, or only a "special" mob slot.
But in either case, since it's not possible to know which
mob(s) that are currently up might be the AC's PH,
the best strategy is to just run all over and kill
*everything*.

We've produced the most rapid respawns by using a tracker
to chase down and kill every mob of a given "flavor"
(like, all spiders), because that way we know for sure
that we've wiped out all "spider batches" and have
thus opened up several chances for the AC (or anything else)
to spawn.  Then we go after all of a given mobtype
that remains, and so on.

Once a given "batch" has been killed, the S.Ro respawn
time is five minutes.  It's also interesting to note
that the time I killed the AC for my own JBoots, he
spawned just about five minutes after the *previous*
AC had been felled by someone else.  This indicates
that his appearance on any given "what do we spawn now"
event is totally random, albeit somewhat rare.

One hitch is that sometimes S.Ro mobs "fall through
the world" and wander around below the ground.  This
can be detected by a Track that leads you to an empty
spot of ground, and keeps insisting that the mob
is just ahead of you, then when you step forward,
it's right behind you...  This "locks" that batch
from ever respawning, because not every member of
its batch can be killed, they're doomed to forever
wander the zone, unseen.  Perhaps an AoE attack
might be able to exterminate them.

And no, the tower spawn does not seem to be related
to the AC spawn, I've seen no correlation between the
various ways of killing it and the subsequent 
appearance (or not) of the AC.

My advice:  Get a bunch of folks and commit desert
genocide.  This greatly speeds up fresh spawns,
which therefore gives the AC more chances to show up.

Nor do the spawns in S.Ro (or other similar outdoor
zones) seem to be fixed in a particular spot.  I've
been lucky enough to see a "batch" spawn in front
of me, then killed them all immediately, and sat
staring at that same location for the next hour
to see if that same location would respawn something.
There were no respawns at that point.  This seems
to indicate that the location of a respawn in such
outdoor zones can occur at any random x/y location
within an appropriate given region (like "anywhere
in the desert").

Also of note is that S.Ro has a lot of unique "named"
mobs that are not obviously special.  For example,
there are a lot of "desert madmen" wandering around,
but rarely there's a guy named just "a madman".  He's
a special, one-of-a-kind mob.  But he doesn't
drop anything special.  Similarly, there are uniquely
named spiders, scarabs, etc.  What function do they
fulfill?  One possibility is that they might block
the AC from spawning as long as they're up.  Some
evidence of this can be found in Kurn's basement,
where only one named mob can be up at a time.  If
a named mob (e.g, the Undead Cook) is left up,
other spawns which normally spawn like clockwork
(and, significantly, which can sometimes spawn their own
named mob) will sometimes "skip a spawn", as if
the game was about to spawn a named mob in that
position but checked and found another "named" mob
up, and thus aborted the spawn.  Conversely, no "spawn
skipping" occurs if no named mobs are left alive.  If this
is the case in S.Ro as well, the first task for the 
Tracker would be to spot and eliminate any "special" 
mobs first, before engaging in genocide of the "regular" 
mobs.  This may be the only reason for an apparent
"tower link", since sometimes the tower contains a
uniquely named mob, which by this theory would have
to be eliminated in order to allow the named AC to
have a chance to appear.



