From 5084506203978031624
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f9e5d6e28248b838
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-06-23 03:47:01 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-pas-nf2!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!newsfeed2.easynews.com!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!small1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3EF6DA62.8B5A36AD@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Aggro issue...bug or what?
References: <tIzJa.1025732$OV.1122262@rwcrnsc54>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 96
Date: Mon, 23 Jun 2003 10:50:26 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.30
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1056365426 66.109.254.30 (Mon, 23 Jun 2003 06:50:26 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 23 Jun 2003 06:50:26 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:289438



Sean Lowe wrote:

> Hi all,
>
>   I've taken some wierd aggro lately at some wierd times.  Once in PoJ,
> there were just 3 of us near the exit.  Suddenly 2 rats came in and smoked
> my bard quicker than you can say "smoked bard".  I barely even had a chance
> to stand up because I didn't expect it since they are indifferent and gave
> no warning.  Last night in PoJ the same thing happened except all of a
> sudden there were like 6 types of mobs on me as we had just finished taking
> out a rat.  Both times they only attacked me and not my group members.  This
> has also happened to me in KC 3 times in the last few weeks.  Luckily I was
> able to escape those 3 times.  Yes, I know KC has trains, but this was
> different.  Twice was in LCY when waves and waves of mobs kept coming.
> Wasn't a train because once we were the only ones in the zone and even the
> hands and constructs made their way to LCY to render me into silly putty.
> Other time was at the entrance.  We were deciding where to go as another
> group was pulling entrance mobs when suddenly (after about 5 minutes of
> sitting there with nothing happening) seemingly half the population of the
> zone came screaming in and I made it out with barely any health.  Even the
> other group bailed out and was /ooc'ing WTF DID YOU DO???  and stuff like
> that.
> Everytime I get questioned about using AE songs, which I haven't since level
> 2, running to the guards with chords still on.

Thats AE damage, which is certainly easy to see at work.  But many bard songs
hit everyone in your group, and a few hit everyone nearby... a different sort of
AE but in their own way almost as dangerous.

If you heal or buff someone who is on a mob's hate list, then -you- get on that
list too.  If that someone then FD's or zones or dies, then you are the only
person on the list.  If the mob is in its aggro range of you, it comes over and
starts whaling the tar out of you.  Thats bad.  But if its -not- in aggro range
of you, then it wanders around as if you didn't exist, and if its a social sort
of mob, every time it sees one of its buddies it tells the guy your name and
general description, and then they both wander around looking for you and
telling all their friends, and so forth.

Then one of the horde happens to get in aggro range of you, calls all his
buddies that are within shouting distance from him and they all come running for
you.  Wave one.  The others that hate you are still roaming around passing
notes, and another spots you and calls -his- buddies, wave two.  Repeat until
you are dead or every single mob with your name on it is dead... but the latter
is unlikely since they don't all come in range of you, and the ones in the back
ranks keep passing your name forward to the guys that -do- get closer when they
respawn.

The most dangerous spell a bard can sing is not AE damage or AE slow or anything
like that, its AE healing/mana.  This is because those spells hit people not in
your group, and you have no idea what those other people are up to, who's hate
list they might be on... and they very likely have bard song messages off and
the song window closed, so they don't have any idea you are hitting them even if
they do know what that means and would like to save you the grief it can imply.
As the AE versions of these songs are no better than the group only ones, use
the group ones unless you specifically mean to hit people not in your group.

After this, the next most dangerous songs are any that hit your group mates;
manasong, healsong, bothsong, group haste, group DS, group stat buff... anything
that isn't self only or target only.  Of course its these songs that are most
useful to a group, but you must learn to use them with caution, especially with
a FD puller in your group.  You can use them while he's with you.  You can use
them while he's off pulling.  But its best for all concerned if you turn them
off before he gets back, and wait till he FDs if he's going to before starting
them again.   One good thing to do in this interval is sing amplification, if
any of your other songs are voice based, this is a big boost to your output and
yet safe as houses, since it affects only you.  Other options are self haste (if
better than the caster haste in your group) or just shutting songs off for a
bit.

There's an even more subtle concern; its possible to get on the hate list of
mobs that are too low level to aggro on you, but see them wander off and tell
their big brothers.  Or you can help someone who is too high level to get aggro
off a mob, but you yourself are low enough to look like lunch; this means its
possible to get chain aggro by helping someone who doesn't FD, die, or zone.
That sort of thing is more likely to happen to a caster putting a heal or buff
on someone deliberately rather than a bard, but since you have AE heal/mana
songs it -can- happen to you.

>
> Most of the time things are pretty same old-same old uneventful killing.
> I'll take uneventful over CR's anyday, but in the meantime I can't figure
> out what it is that's making me take odd aggro for no apparent reason...
>
> Any ideas???

Oh, and the rats are indifferent but social, very social.  This means that if
you attack a rat the other rats that are in range will add.  If you attack a
prisoner and bring it past rats they will add.  Sentries are the same way.  So
whats happened is you've managed to get on the hate list of one of the many mobs
in POJ in one of the ways I've described, and they have discussed seeing what
color your liver is with every rat, sentry, and prisoner they've met.

Llyric, 57 bard, Morel Thule



