From 3490967625823855248
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b682d9fb985237f1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news1.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!border2.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 06 Aug 2007 07:26:31 -0500
Date: Mon, 06 Aug 2007 08:26:10 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.12 (Windows/20070509)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Rathe Council, Take Two (asprin and call me in the morning)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <PqadneFlmPfqjirbnZ2dnUVZ_h-vnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 179
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.60.193
X-Trace: sv3-qLdf8mOBVBO0kv6IQz4KEpesFOHVgpAAUdTfxofrNuAAzaOoAlV+rc9UE8faCbzc55q2aY9kLDYX7KV!0CQUf4lUd8/gZ95qJvVIkJtby/wQBqirvXmAmeGCWRv9yfA6jPWU6yHvcr0vHZ/nZ/6rzLqad7Bb!Z51UWmlzxhw=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.35
X-Original-Bytes: 11668
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:611

So yesterday, we took on the Rathe Council once more.  This time around, 
we changed some things:

One, we went in fresh.  2pm EST Sunday rally and buff, by 2:30 we were 
clearing POEb.  We'd taken out all the mini bosses on Thursday, so this 
was straightforward trash run, by 3pm at the latest we were dropping 
down the hole to the CC cubby.

We'd also spent the previous week getting upgrades, which due to the 
recent opening of the DODH expansion for Combine actually meant 
significant boosts to gear for those who had had the time.  For me 
personally most of the improvement came in the form of AA; I've been 
doing lots of MMs because its something my son's 36 mage and my 70 SK 
can do to mutual benefit.

Armed with a suggestion from AGE, I loaned my Bioluminescent Orb to our 
designated puller monk.

And we changed our OT locations.

First pull we worked as before, a process which meant a couple dead 
rangers but the mob showed up on schedule and got under control.  A 
couple people died from failing to control aggro (a mob that puts out 
over 10K in damage in a single round is not something you want to steal, 
even briefly) but we got him down to 5%, backed everyone off but the MT, 
let him slowly take it down to 3% and then mezzed.  Someone (of course) 
hadn't gotten the message and had laid on a DOT, but it was an SK 
lifetap over time, so the remaining duration was short and we only lost 
one enchanter to the mob (yep, mez break, chanter one rounded)

Next pull, the monk and I, along with a bard, went over and tried the 
blind strategy.  It failed to work as I understood it; we blinded a mob 
at the 6 o'clock position, then monk FD'd and waited to wait for resets. 
  Instead of going over to past the 12 o'clock where I lurked in the 
water, the mob walked due south.  Bard was down there, though, and 
easily single pulled the blinded mob as it was separated from its buddies.

Pull after this I went down and tried to help out, again the blinded mob 
separated from the pack, but I pulled him too soon and got the whole 
bunch.  FD'd and the bard managed to get the single pull.

Fourth pull went smoothly.  Fifth pull was a disaster of sorts, with the 
monk dead, I ended up pulling the mass of mobs off the bard, who managed 
to get his target far enough away from the rest before dying that a 
ranger got it single tagged.  I FD'd, and then sat there and watched my 
HP bar trickle away from the 200 point per tic dot, hoping the council 
would reset before I ran out of time.  No such luck, I stood at 2% and 
downed a HOT potion, but was killed by a remaining RC before I could 
flop back down.  Still, as disasters go this was pretty good, 3 dead and 
the mob came single... that was pretty much how All the pulls were going 
prior to the new pull plan.

Since I was one of the designated OT, though, I stopped getting involved 
in the pulls at this point.  Fresh buffs and stay out of trouble was the 
order of the day, OT time getting close.

We parked the 6th mob, all in a row at 3%.  Over to the far west side of 
the RC circle, we started setting up our OT positions and going over the 
plan again... when another glitch hit.  One of the enchanters left at 
the CC position went into a form of stealth LD: he couldn't control his 
character or chat, but didn't really go LD so there was no LD tag to 
suggest that trouble was coming.  Sure enough, a short time later his 
mob went uncontrolled, killed him, the bard who was on OT duty, the 
paladin who was there to taunt loose mobs off the CC, and... well at 
this point we were sending our spare bards over, and the CC team was 
desperately trying to deal with one out of control mob and losing 
control over another, and gradually over the course of a few minutes, 
wiped in slow motion.  We ended up dumping the whole setup, taking a 
break to rez the CC team and rest up, before going again.

This time the process went even more smoothly, the monk/bard pull team 
really got the new plan working.  The mysterious non-LD happened a 
second time to the enchanter, who said his cable modem was just 
resetting itself for no known reason.  He was put on backup and his 
control targets reassigned to the now desperately overworked remaining CC.

And I had my big screwup of the night.  I've long made a habit of not 
turning off attack on enrage, but rather turning away from the mob.  My 
fingers are already on the movement keys, so this shaves a portion of a 
second off the time it would take me to find my attack key and turn off 
attack.  I do that next, but it may take me a second or two as there's 
no rush.  Well, this time it probably took me more than a second or 
two...in part because I wasn't paying a great deal of attention, a key 
mistake in this LOOONG event.  So I'm facing away, attack still on... 
and something caused the mob to summon me in that interval, so instead 
of facing away, I was facing him again, and swinging as the mez landed. 
  Mez broke, dead chanter, dire threats were made about using DOTS... 
well I didn't have any DOTS memmed!

I'm not clear how I got summoned, I wasn't using any aggro spells per se 
and shouldn't have been on top of the aggro list.  My guess is that the 
MT got banished and I was there due to proximity and having made myself 
a nuisance with lifetaps and lifetap procs.

6 RC in a row again, we moved back to the OT game.  Pulled unmezzable 
number one over to the far west 3 o'clock position, MT and whole crew 
other than the CC team beat him down to 3% and then let the first 
designated OT take over, who carefully didn't do any damage, while 
retaining attention of the mob and recieving heals from his healing buddies.

Pulled mob number two, who promptly goes over and tries to slaughter OT 
number 1.  Fortunately, we managed to keep him alive and his target 
under control, and get the OT number two station set up and running.

Now my turn, mob number three pull... along with all of his remaining 
buddies, who ate the MT and then chewed thru the rest of us and both OT 
1 and OT 2 stations.  Partial wipe... but the CC team was still 
unmolested.  We rezzed up and went for it again.

This time stations one and two set up smooth, and then it got to my 
station once more.  MT died.  Several other tanks died trying to get it 
under control before I grabbed it.  I had a few seconds warning, and was 
already prepared to tank this guy... so I popped soulguard, and then 
Leechcurse, and clicked off my Bobbing Corpse so I could swig a HOT 
(yep, no room at all for buffs plus the mob's DOT), chained lifetaps, 
and hung on for dear life.  The healers got together on me and dumped so 
much fast healing that I managed to survive without even seeing my DI 
fire.  As the mob got damaged it dwindled in size and did less and less 
damage; intially it was hitting in the 3000 range, and with only 10412 
hp I could easily have dropped from one good quad, but I got lucky.  We 
got my mob down to 3%, rezzed up the team and got them rebuffed, and 
then abandoned me to the mercies of my Tiki with but a cleric and druid 
to prop me up.

I swapped in my sword and shield and turned attack off.  We'd heard 
about people removing all weapons and taking off their gloves so they 
wouldn't do any damage on riposte... but earlier experience had shown 
that minor damage wasn't going to do anything bad.  I even lifetapped on 
and off to help patch over rough spots in the heals.  My mob regenerated 
up to 4% and I got more serious on the lifetaps, and turned on attack 
again till I got him back under 4%.  As we got close to taking the sixth 
unmezzable mob down, I went further and carefully tapped my way down to 
1% on my target.

Finally the word was given, OT's kill your mobs.  Unholy Aura, HT, 
done... from 1% he didn't have that many HP to spare.  I raced around to 
the OT 2 position and helped chop that guy down, and the same at #1, 
arriving just before the killing blow fell.  On around the clock numbers 
6, 5, and 4 were already down, and I got to the CC area along with the 
rest of the raid.  MT picked a mob, we all assisted and killed it, 
although it ate a CC; we weren't being picky about making sure they were 
properly taunted off before engaging.  We took down the remaining 5 in 
short and very sloppy order, losing several more people due to lack of 
aggro control, but racing to get it all done under the wire.  When the 
last of these Tiki men died, we'd been at it for 5 and a half hours 
straight.

A ragged cheer went up as the rangers were tasked to kite the Avatar of 
Earth while we rezzed up, buffed up, and med up.  Then they brought him 
over to the raid force, finally reunited, and we took him out, again, in 
the sloppiest imaginable way, flat out burn with GI Joe ping pong 
action.   Recognizing how tired we all were and how excited, raid 
leaders didn't even try to restrain us... and we had all memmed every 
last DOT at our disposal after 5 hours of not using a single DOT.  Even 
the dead were still laying on heavy damage.  When he died, a ragged 
cheer went out.  We hailed the mob to get our shields ( they have aug 
slots but no stats, whats up with that?), bid out the loot, and then 
broke for dinner.

Were we in Time?  No.  Sadly, although we have the four drops we need, 
we don't have the box to combine them in!

Projects remaining are some sort of tooth from POAir and some frog oil 
from POWater.  We've cleared both zones up to and including the bosses 
several times on the way up, the GL swears he has seen a dozen of the 
teeth but apparently failed to retain one, and the oil is from a part of 
the zone that we don't have to move thru, haven't seen it drop.

Its tantalizing being this close; to me this, oddly enough, is the 
pinnacle of EQ.  I know, in newer expansions there are bigger and better 
zones, tougher fights, better gear, bigger bosses.  But this is the last 
one where I know the name; I played in a small raiding guild in the POP 
era, and Time was the big unattainable, something we just didn't have 
the force for, something people left the guild for.  On Combine, where 
the top end guild is opening a new expansion every month, nothing 
achieves this ledgendary status, because by the time we're close to 
cracking it, there are already 3 expansions past it open.

Berg, 70 SK, EP Flagged


