From 1199566710760952675
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,fedf6605268c6818,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-17 11:12:27 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.232.MISMATCH!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3D35B12B.684F5591@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: AOE Group construction
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 142
Date: Wed, 17 Jul 2002 18:03:18 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.116
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1026928998 66.109.232.116 (Wed, 17 Jul 2002 14:03:18 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 17 Jul 2002 14:03:18 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:212805

OK, so I have been in exactly one real AOE group.
Got a full yellow of 59 in under three hours.  Very
nice.

But my guild mates aren't AOE'ers, and I haven't
gotten an invite to an AOE group since.

I've always said the best way to get a group is to
form one yourself, instead of laying around LFG.

This being the case, and AOE being such a powerful
strategy, I figure I need to learn about AOE.  This
way, I can form up AOE groups on my own.  Sure,
the first few times they will be a screwup, but I'll
get experience at leading them and then all will be
good.  In the meantime I'll make a point of recruiting
friends who will understand that its a learning exercise.

OK, so, whats needed here?

I -think- its
2 enchanters
1 cleric
2 PB AOE nukers
1 puller.

The puller brings wave after wave of mobs to the group
The chanters stand together and spam out AOE Mez
The cleric keeps the chanters alive
Once sufficient groups are present, the nukers
start blowing mana on PB AOE while the chanters keep
spamming Mez and the cleric spams groupheals or does
his own PB AOEing.

Cleric is critical to the endeavor not just because of group
heals, but more importantly because when something
goes wrong it usually means total group wipe, so that 96%
rez is crucial to keeping failure from being all that expensive

Puller; bard probably best here, since the plan involves
total expenditure of mana, the bard can reduce down time
by singing manasong.  On the other hand, puller also can
use high HP and AC and disciplines like Defensive or
spells like Divine Aura... so possibly Warriors or Paladins
(and heck for some reason I can't think of SK?) might also
make good pullers.  Key ability would be to run fast (a SOW
outside would probably work for every puller if convenient, or
puller must have Run 3)

Chanters are key because you need to be able to mez 50 mobs
at a time, necro and bard mez are limited target counts and won't
work here.  You need two because you really really can't afford
to have any mobs not mezed for any length of time, one chanter
leaves perhaps 10% of them unmezzed which is too much for the
cleric to keep the chanter alive thru (five mobs beating down the
chanter, not good)

This leaves the actual damage producers to the remaining two
people.  I see a lot of people saying that Wizards are needed here.
However, I see PB AOE on druids and clerics... what exactly
do wizards bring to the party that druids and clerics don't? Looks
to me like having a druid there would be handy as you'd have
easy access to SOW (just step outside and cast it) and some extra
help keeping the chanters alive while setting up.  Also seems to me
a second cleric could be useful here, again more healing capability,
and significantly higher life span when the S**t hits the fan...

Party: bard chanter chanter cleric cleric druid

Oddly this would be a lot easier for me to assemble than
Party: bard chanter chanter cleric wizzard wizzard

Hmm what else.  Levels.  OK, so one cleric needs to be level
56 plus cause as I pointed out the best rez you can get is going
to help with the several deaths per night (particularly while
learning how to do this)

Puller needs to be as high level as you can get for the more
HP and AC and resists.  Pullers only real job requirement is
the ability to live long while bringing in mobs fast.  If its a bard,
then you want the best mana song you can get.  But all in all,
level doesn't seem to be crucial here, knowledge of the area,
good running reflexes and the ability to laugh at death seem
more important

Chanters... do they get better AOE mez at some high level?
Is it required?  Since AOE group seems to work on levels
down near the low end of the Blue scale (so that the AOEs
are enough damage to kill each mob despite their relatively
low damage per mob per mana output) I don't imagine
resists are all that big a deal should one of the chanters be
slightly lower level.

Nukers.  What nukes are being used here?  Do they scale
up all that much by level?  Really really high Mana levels will
help in as much as it seems they have to burn all mana out
in order for their AOEs to get all the mobs to the point of death.

Spells I'm familiar with that work on this principle are Earthquake,
Upheaval, and some of the Word series.  Clerics get the good ones
of those at levels under 56 (can't think exactly when) although there
is a third that also operates as a stun which is very fast cast up at
56 or so.  Still, -not- requiring 60 cleric if you are using him as
one of your nukers.

Druids also get those spells, afaik, in the lower end of the 50s.
I can easily scare up a 58 druid (in fact unless convinced that
a druid -can't- sub for a wizard in this will almost certainly have
her in most of my groups for personal reasons) is there any
reason this would be inadequate?

I am not familiar with the wizard PB AOE lines at all, is there
a minimum level at which they are useful for this?

What about mages, seems to me I recall them getting a similar
line which struck me as useless at the time.  What would
prevent them from joining in here as an AOE nuker, do their
lines suck in some way?  Heck, seems to me they could even
make pets, now that they don't aggro on mezed mobs, you'd
have a little more protection for your nukers on the few mobs
which escape or break mez.

Where to go to do this?  The one place I've done it was in
Chardok, right under the tunnel entrance.  Puller brought in
from entrance, exit, tunnel, castle, and down to Observer.
I've seen AOE groups working in Sebelis, and heard that they
operate in HS as well.  Anywhere else?  How about a nice
spot to get the plan down, perhaps Blackburrow?  Mistmoore?

Help me out here, I really had some fun the one time I did this,
and anyway half the exp I've accrued in all the time I've been
59 came from that one three hour session.  Starting to get the
itch to work up to 60 finally (really burned out pushing to 59)
and I'd like to do it in a new and exciting way.

Bergh, 59 cleric, Morell Thule

ps if there's an experienced AOE group on MT in need of
a cleric, you could invite me along, I understand its far from
simple to explain sex to a virgin, and why bother if there's a
perfectly good bed handy?



