From 6831295245457085908
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ef6d7fb383ed02e1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-09-24 11:27:35 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Ideal LDoN group 50+
Date: Wed, 24 Sep 2003 13:27:48 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <vn3ogmtf8ute6a@corp.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2727.1300
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 103
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:301555

A failed mid-50s LDoN adventure last night, caused by an unbalanced group
lineup, got me to thinking about the best/worst lineups for that purpose.
(I've done a decent number of adventures of all types now).

At least for 50s and 60s LDoN groups, I've concluded that:

-- you really want to avoid doubling up any class in an LDoN group, even the
most-desired classes. Not because having two clerics or two chanters or
whatever is a "bad thing", but rather because that means you will be missing
some important ability in the group that you couldn't make room for. I've
won in groups with two members of the same classes, but it's harder -- the
risk of failure or wipeout goes up.

-- I tend to recruit for these groups a lot, and I've come to think of the 6
slots in clusters of key abilities. In order of priority you need:

(a) tankage
(b) healing
(c) DPS
(d) crowd control
(e) slow capability
(f) buffage for the melees
(g) track

I find it easiest in practice to start with (a) and (b) and then fill in: if
I can start by landing a PAL/WAR/SHD and then a cleric, balancing out a
strong group is pretty quick and easy. So that's the first two slots filled.
I've learned to prefer pallies as the tank for their pacifying ability,
which is very useful in LDoN and then I'm saving some of the cleric's mana.
But a SHD or WAR also works fine as tank of course.

I've tried LDoN dungeons with other theories for tankage (one or two pets, a
buffed-up monk, etc.) and always regretted it. I've done them without a
cleric, using instead two slots for druids/shamans, and that can work out if
one or both have a KEI....but it means basically 1/3 of the slots are being
devoted to one function rather than 1/6.

(c) DPS seems easiest to recruit. Monks, rogues, beastlords, wizzies, mages,
necros, rangers -- my winning groups typically have two slots filled by some
combination of these, and combined with the tank that is plenty of DPS for
the job. Druids can nuke/dot well enough to be another option here.

I have learned to make (d), crowd control, a priority, and I don't mean
pacifying before the pull, I mean defensive crowd control: stopping adds in
their tracks. That means a chanter, bard or druid. A beastlord try some
"pet-mezzing" but that doesn't work nearly as well in practice as in theory.

For (e), slowing, a shaman or chanter is best; a beastlord is an adequate
substitute.

For (f), melee buffage, a shaman is best; beastlords and druids are
secondbest; a couple other classes have things to offer like haste from a
chanter or a couple of ranger buffs, etc. And of course a cleric's HP/AC
buffs are very useful here, so that's another reason to really want to find
your cleric first.

Track (g) is only a priority for assassination and rescue missions, but it
is useful in any adventure if you want to find the boss and miniboss and go
for a nice drop. Of course that means ranger or druid.

That's more needed capabilities than there are slots, given that "(c) DPS"
gets two slots. Which leads to an interesting impact of LDoN: it seems to be
giving the generalist-versatility type classes a boost in the 50+ game.

Beastlords, rangers, druids, shamans are second-class citizens in the
raiding game, raid groups naturally emphasize specialists since they have
unlimited raid slots to fill (better to have 6 pure tanks and 6 clerics and
6 wizards, just need one shaman to buff the whole raid up and then go sit
quietly while the "real healers" support the "real melees and nukers" in
killing the raid mob). But succeeding in LDoN dungeons calls for a range of
capabilities in the group. So this increases the relative value of a class
that can provide useful DPS _and_ buffage _and_ slow _and_ ghetto crowd
control  (BST), or decent healing _and_ great buffage _and_ slow (SHM), or
DPS _and_ track _and_ a little buffage (RNG), or some buffage _and_ crowd
control _and_ track _and_ some DPS (DRU).

Everybody assumes, correctly, that a true tank and a cleric are the
foundation of a winning LDoN group. But I'm also finding that my
most-effective LDoN groups invariably include at least two members from
among DRU/RNG/SHM/BST (but not two of the same class). Whether that was
planned on Sony's part, I dunno, but there it is.



P.S. And, once again, rogues appear to have gotten the short end. Yea there
are hallway/doorway traps to disarm but they're only an annoyance, and it
turns out that there are three types of boobytrap on chests and such, and
rogues can only disarm one kind! So then all the rogue has to offer a LDoN
group is DPS, basically, and we can get that from other classes that bring
additional capabilities. So if Sony meant to bring rogues up on par with the
other classes (and that should be done), I'm afraid they missed the mark
with LDoN.


Comments welcome of course.

--
====
Posted by Haabbes, 55 beastlord on Saryrn.
paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net





