From -6878050669554904615
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3bccb19cdc2d282,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!wns13feed!worldnet.att.net!attbi_s03.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <40E6808E.C120C49D@nowhere.net>
From: Darren Chriest <notme@nowhere.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.08 [en] (WinNT; U)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Funny Everquest Story #3 (You drift off to sleep while playing EQ)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 161
NNTP-Posting-Host: 67.168.79.2
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-Trace: attbi_s03 1088848018 67.168.79.2 (Sat, 03 Jul 2004 09:46:58 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 03 Jul 2004 09:46:58 GMT
Organization: Comcast Online
Date: Sat, 03 Jul 2004 09:46:58 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:8560

((You drift off to sleep while playing EQ))

 Suddenly you snap awake and instead of seeing your naked character at
 your bind point (where you expected to be).. you notice that the
 landscape has changed and you are surrounded by hordes of all the mean
 nasties you have tried so hard to eradicate from the face of Norrath.
 You even see some creatures for the first time that you thought were
 only legends or were total myths. Luckily, they are not looking at
 you. Strangely, they do not even notice that you are standing there
 among them. You start to catch fragments of what is being said in the
 chat box....

 A cleric of Innourok says: Listen, you told me you were going to meet
 me there and you didn't show. I died because you were not there, at
 least you could have sent me a tell letting me know you were going to
 be late.

 Maestro of Rancor says: Hey, I had my own problem ok? I had a train
 like you would not believe and I could not slash myself to get away
 until right at the end, they almost got me!

 Lady Vox says: You better find another way to get away, they are
 nerfing it so you can't do that anymore.

 Avatar of Fear says: Heh, just be lucky you guys are tucked away. I
 can't even get in because the damn Mobs are at sitting right on top of
 where I camped. Every time I try and log in I get ganked. I have
 tried reporting them to the GMs but all I get is the "There is nothing
 I can do at this time sorry" answer.. sheesh.

 a orc warrior says: what you guys need to do is to roam around a bit
 more and use better tactics. I can't tell you how many times I'll
 watch some little green ranger or some other little thing come by and
 grab my little  brothers one by one and I just quietly wait for them
and
 as soon as I  can get a couple of my cleric buddies, I just drop on
over
 and take them out! hehe !!!!

 Lady Vox says: STFU you newbie, you have no clue what you are talking
 about.

 a orc warrior says: bite me you big lizard.

 Lady Vox bites a orc warrior for 200 points of damage!

 a orc warrior has been slain by Lady Vox!

 Lady Vox has defeated a orc warrior in a duel to the death!

 Lady Vox says: sheesh I hate loudmouths.

 a festering hag says out of character: When is this meeting going to
 happen?

 a wan ghoul wizard says out of character: Shut up you hag! hehe

 a festering hag says out of character:Keep it up and I'll report you
 freak.

 Ghoul Messenger auctions Looking for a SoW!! Will pay.

 Aradune Broadcasts: Ok, the meeting is about to begin, everyone that
 can, please come to the designated spot and I will be right there.

 a festering hag begins to cast a spell

 a festering hag begins to cast a spell

 a festering hag begins to cast a spell

 a festering hag begins to cast a spell

 Aradune says: Ok, well, I called you all here to get an idea of how we
 are doing so far. We have taken care of some of the bugs that you have
 reported to us and for that, we thank you. I would really like to
 recognize Lady Vox who after much research was able to help us figure
 out that her see invis spell was truly broken and not working. Sorry
 about that Voxxie. And I would like to thank you all for pointing out
 that those Life tap line of spells were not getting resisted at all.
 Thanks for that, we fixed it now.

 a hill giant says: Thanks Aradune, you rock!

 Lady Vox says: It is ok, it is fixed now and I am able to see those lil

 naked guys running around now.

 Aradune says: ok, now, on to things at hand. We are getting reports
 that there are some that are having technical problems getting in to
 play, would anyone like to give me an idea and maybe some data so we
 can get to the bottom of this?

 a glacial ice bear says: Well, there seems to be a lot of us that
 cannot zone into some areas and the server keeps kicking us out when
 we try. I know that I can only get in about once every 8 hours if I am
 lucky.

 Zahal the vile says: Same here, I have not been able to get in for
 over 3 weeks now, this is getting ridiculous. My friends Gull, Bilge,
 and Sludge are having the same problem. Sludge can get in sometimes,
 but he is stuck until he gets attacked (which I think is an exploit)

 Aradune says: What? Exploit? what are you talking about?

 Zahal the Vile says: well, whenever Sludge logs in, he is stuck
 underwater in this tiny well. He cannot move unless someone hits him
 with some kind of spell or weapon. Not sure why, but it happens every
 time.

 Aradune says: ok, we will look into it.

 a Griffon says: Um, I have another question about DoTs and moving ad
 such..

 Aradune says: one sec Griff, need to get the floor cleared of the bugs
 first.

 a Griffon says: ok.. np..

 Aradune says: ok, so no other problems?

 an evil eye says: Well there is still the problem of mobs camping our
 bind points, are you going to do anything about that?

 Aradune says: well, we are working on that..

 Aradune says: anything else?

 a sand giant says: Well, it is not really a big deal, but there are
 those of us that would like to be able to run a bit faster, I am tired
 of having to hit little weak greenies when the ones I really want just
 take off and outrun me.

 Aradune says: It is balance big guy, you are a fighter, you are
 supposed to hit and hit hard, not to be fast and nimble.

 a sand giant says: Well, it still sux..

 Chief Goonda says: Just come over here and I will SoW ya and you can
 run them down.

 a hill giant say: no, he has to stay in his area, he won't let us come
 to Oasis, so he can stay there killing the good stuff and we will stay
 in the Karanas.

 Chief Goonda says: Sorry m8te.. you heard the guy.

 Aradune says: Ok, well, if there are nothing else, we will meet back
 here next week and see what the changes that are in this next patch
 will bring. Take care all and thanks for playing.

 (( the crowd slowly breaks up, those that can evac and tele start to
 pop out and you see several shouts and auctions for teleports and SoWs
 to get them back to their areas. A quick /who shows the zone to
 contain only you and Aradune now. You turn to see him starting to
 slowly turn towards you and suddenly his sword replaces the book that
 was in his hand and you see him start to run towards you... He knows
 you are not supposed to be there, he knows you heard everything.....))




