From -5388134520374187198
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,579464ef6867f4f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: No, you CAN'T have my stuff!
Date: Mon, 10 May 2004 13:44:33 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <109vqb4qlq6jo26@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 271
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:1622

When I started my Shaman, it was one last ditch effort to see if I could
finally sustain enough interest in EverQuest to play beyond one subscription
period and see something more than rats and snakes. I had been playing the
game since Phase one beta in form or another and had never managed to get a
character beyond 21. It was just too un-fun for my playstyle, and there were
many alternatives which worked so much better for me like AC, AO and DAoC,
all of which consumed me long enough to see me rise to the uppermost
echelons of play. They were, in their time, fun. And so, right around the
time that Kunark came out, I decided I'd had enough of EQ and finally
cancelled my account, focusing on other adventures.

Two years later, PoP came out and through many channels I heard that the
game had evolved to the point where many of my original complaints had
apparently been addressed. And so I gave it another go. This time I rolled a
Barbarian Shaman for myself and a Barbarian Warrior for my wife. I figured
we'd duo together and this seemed like a very viable, self-sustaining
couple. We chose the RP-preferred server of Firiona Vie, in hopes that the
quality of the game experience there might be a different sort of fun. We
were rewarded with a very positive experience and had a fabulous time role
playing with other Barbarians of the Northern climes. We started (of course)
killing bears and spiders, making our way through the noob armor quests
until we were both reasonably well-equipped. We were quite disciplined,
methodically working up each of our skills to maximum level at each
character level and playing smart. Eventually we set out on the exciting
adventure through Blackburrow ... we had successfully become acclimated to
the game (again) and were ready to start exploring the new worlds.

Many Gnolls later, we found ourselves exploring Paludal Caverns and actually
zooming through the levels. My, how the experience curve had changed. One
thing that hadn't changed of course, was the incessant shouts and complaints
about kill stealing, lol! But the most interesting thing was that we were
having fun just exploring as a couple and the experience turned out to be a
by-product as much as a goal. Sure enough, we finally hit 21 and I realized
that even though I'd just matched my highest level ever, this time I was
still having fun!

One night as we were making our way through Paludal we encountered a small
room with a big mushroom in the center of a tiny island. This was of course
the great Reishicyben, a whopping monster of 24 levels that conned yellow to
our wide noob eyes. I had studiously avoided doing any research in order to
optimize the joy of discovery, so this monster was a complete surprise to us
as we rounded one the twisting, dripping caverns. The shroom was surrounded
by armies of protectors that we would *never* be able to clear. Except that
we did, and eventually we faced the big guy all by hisself. Scared to the
bone, but determined as hell, we launched our attack and with great
difficulty, utilizing all the tactics and discipline we had learned to this
point, we took the beast down and were rewarded with an Ancient Sensate
Cloak. Wow, something dropped off a kill that I could actually wear to
improve my character! We were overcome with joy! This truly *was* a new
EverQuest! But the joy of discovery and accomplishment yielded to some
archaic voice inside of me. I knew that we could take this mob and the
experience and loot were compelling. So ... we CAMPED the bastard! Our first
camped named in the new game. I figured out that he spawned after 40 minutes
and with that information in hand we were able to easily clear the room,
kill the shroom and pocket lots of new goodies to equip (ooo a new shield!)
and sell in the Bazaar for plats. Real plats, for the first time. We felt
that special sort of magic that you do when the gameplay of EverQuest
actually converges with your desires and interests and you think, "Damn,
this is fun!". And like the noob that I was, I thought that this Reishicyben
was my own private little discovery, and to this day when I hear anyone
mention him, I still have a kind of possessive little reaction ("yeah, that
was my find"). LOL, the joys of discovery and noobness.

Well, we outgrew PC and eventually "progressed" to the gobbo slaughterhouse
that is High Keep. Here we learned even more about the timings of spawns and
the etiquette involved in camping spawns with neighboring groups. But one
problem: the fun was getting thin. Nothing to discover here, no real loot to
speak of, just mind-numbing goblin extermination, but we *were* gaining
levels and of course looking forward to the new accessibility we'd gain from
that. We were eager to see new things that we had never seen before in the
game and this required levels, and so we camped and we fought and we camped
and we fought, etc. This was probably a strategic mistake that was taking us
off our original plan and eventually I could see that my wife was getting a
little weary and the end was looming up in sight. There was a brief sideline
when I hit 34 and learned that I was sort of a pet class and had to relearn
some fundamentals. We found a great spot in the FV zone where I could solo
reliably and productively and with my wife's decreasing participation (she
had begun noticing that the Warrior class, um, sucked), soloing was becoming
more important.

I'm not sure what happened exactly, but the magic left and with it, so did
we. I was 42, she was 35, and that was that. This time, all the catalyst I
needed arrived with the news that I'd been accepted into the beta for Star
Wars Galaxies. Thus began an eight month adventure that I'll spare you here,
but let's just say that it left me feeling nostalgic about the basically
reliable mechanics of the EQ world. SWG was a profoundly disappointing
experience when you consider how great it could have been compared to what
was actually delivered and in the end I was left jonesing yet again for a
new MMOG.

Then I read about this expansion I'd missed, LDoN, and thought, hmm. I had
enjoyed the instanced dungeon concept from AO, and the adventure merchants
were offering some pretty damned good gear. Although I wasn't able to
convince my wife to come back, I did bring one of my friends over from SWG
and gave him her account. Together we fired up our EQ characters again and
started doing LDoNs with a vengeance. Once again, the fun was there, thick
with new rewards (I ouftitted myself in Incorporeal Chain of the Spectre,
*very* nice gear for the level), and before I knew it I was approaching what
had once been the unthinkable pinnacle of EQ l33tness: level 50! Whoah! I
remember posting here when I hit that target, sharing the excitement of
hitting what was in my still old world mindset, one of the last milestones
on the path to uberness. I still remember the rogue Kalaran becoming the
first player to hit 50 and hitting that target convinced me that I had
finally found enough staying power to sustain my forward progress. I was
actually playing EverQuest for real!

I set out upon all manner of activities that I had longed for and never
found within reach. I raided and helped kill Dragons! I entered the Planes!
I started questing for my VT key! My Epic! Eventually I banded together with
some ambitious friends that I had met LDoN'ing and started the grind toward
what I now saw as an attainable new goal: 65 and the AA game. PoV, HoH, BoT,
all of these acronyms suddenly became part of my daily vocabulary and I
still remember the day I dinged 65 and how satisfying it was, and yet less
so in an odd way than hitting 50. We're such creatures of habit.

Alas, my old SWG friend who had taken over my wife's Warrior account didn't
find the journey as appealing and he threw in the towel sometime around 56.
He mumbled something about how badly the Warrior class sucked and once again
I regretted having chosen that class for my wife's account. An SK or Pally
probably would have been a better choice, but oh well.

The one thing I had not yet attained that I still wanted to experience was
the high-end raiding scene. I really enjoyed reading Monual's stories here
and yearned to experience firsthand some of that high-end of the game. But
it was of course out of my reach. I was a complete noob to raiding but
fortunately there was an alliance of loosely associated players on FV who
regularly conducted open raids. It was with this group that I learned the
mechanics and the ettiquettes of raiding. With them, I also achieved many
preliminary flags that would later help me (like the Hedge, Behemoth, etc).

The one thing that became apparent to me as I adventured through Norrath
unguilded and grouped with everyone and anyone I could find (god bless LDoN
for this), I was a pretty damned good Shaman. Although I got this feedback
constantly, the thing is, there aren't really any instruction books anywhere
on How to Play your Shaman. So I was never quite sure if I was doing things
"the right way" or not. I just knew what worked for me and I tried to keep
current on tactics and techniques. As the eternal noob who was always
looking up to the big guys who were level 50's fighting dragons, it just
never occurred to me that I might actually be one of them. And so one night
while I was in a hard LDoN that went exceptionally well, I got a tell from
Mariu, one of the group members, complimenting me on my play and informing
me that if I ever wanted to app to Resolution, he would gladly sponsor me.
Hmm, Resolution is the premier guild on FV, one of only two time-flagged
guilds. In my opinion, they are THE guild with a mature, balanced membership
and a stellar reputation. I was floored that this guy actually thought I
might be Resolution material. I mean, I wasn't even VT keyed or elemental
flagged. A Time guild? Me? No way. Well, way.

I scoped out the requirements on the website. Ugh, I needed like 70 more
AA's and the next backflagging app-raiding event was scheduled three weeks
away and I wanted to have my app in when that started. I had no idea how
flexible they might be on app requirements but I didn't want to special case
it and besides I thought the requirements all looked quite reasonable for
what I would need to achieve. So I set out on my new quest and busted my ass
till I had all the requirements nailed down with extra points in all
categories and a few additional abilities that I knew would be useful to me
for my playstyle. It was long and tedious, but I was consumed by the
obsession that is well understood by anyone who is still reading this
message. ;-)

I submitted my application quietly one day and was immediately invited to
join the first of 15 required app raids. This in itself was very productive
not only because it introduced the guild and I to each other, but because I
was also picking up some key flags along the way (like PoEb). Everything I
had learned in my open raiding experience turned out to be useful and
although the Reso folks assumed a lot of knowledge on my part and bombarded
me with new experiences for which I was little prepared, I amazingly managed
to make a favorable impression during the process and the day came when my
vote was up.

That was a great week for me. I had been focusing very hard on the new GoD
expansion and was one of the first (if not THE first) unguilded persons on
my server to walk into Kod'Taz after beating every one of the six trials,
leading pick-up groups through each trial with what I had learned from prior
experiences. The week my vote came up I had just looted two of the new GoD
shaman spells, the new 1.5 second casting Slow with a -40 MR (Balance of the
Nihil), and the new fast heal (Daluda's Mending). This in itself was
incredible, but they both happened in the same instance of Vxed! That same
day I got my Child's Tear in Fear for my Epic and the very next day the word
came that I had easily passed my vote and I would be tagged for Resolution.
Wow! My sponsor actually surprised me by telling me the day my vote was
supposed to be up that "It's gonna take a couple more weeks to process". I
groaned and dutifully attended that evening's PoF raid, and was greeted at
the entrance with my guild invite! <laughter and many gratz and welcomes> I
was finally tagged.

From there I went on to complete backflagging for the elemental zones and
Time and along the way saw things I never thought I would. I killed all of
the Gods. Xegony was dramatic and chilling, the Zeks were awe-inspiring.
Fennin Ro, Coirnav, the Council of the Rathe. I still remember the day I
walked into Time. I felt like Roy Blatty in Blade Runner: "I've seen things
you people wouldn't believe. Attack ships on fire off the shoulder of Orion.
I watched C-beams glitter in the dark near the Tannhauser gate. I AE Slowed
trash mobs in PoW while my team killed the giant Squid".

And then, for some inexplicable reason, something changed. I think it
started with the realization that my beloved Shaman was a dying class, and
this was particularly evident in the new GoD expansion. There was no further
progress in Kod'Taz now that I had achieved that goal, because in the new
world of fast battles and hard-hitting mobs with low hp, there's not a lot
of perceived value in Slowing, and we can't really heal for shit, not
against mobs that are quadding 2000. No one wants stat buffs anymore because
they're all maxed out, and even Focus, our primary buff, isn't that hot
compared to other hp buffs. And in the GoD environment where groups of six
require that each class pull its weight at pain of brutal wipeouts with
excruciating or non-existent corpse recoveries, the Shaman honestly just
don't contribute much. Some of this may change with the recently announced
GoD nerfs, but the point is, all of these realizations came together in my
head and started to sap some of the fun out of my game. There just weren't a
lot of goals left that interested me and I tried like hell to find fun
things to do. I thoroughly enjoyed the time I spent with my guildmates, even
though I found the 6 hour raids in PoF got pretty old after a while. Killing
fire minis over and over and over again was nice because of the gear that
made its way to each of my deserving guildmates, and it was fun getting the
timing down for the various Time trials, and clearing through the phases in
record time was its own mini-game. But whatever it was, the magic was
diminishing, if not gone, and one day I realized that I was not looking
forward to logging in each day, and I felt relief when the leadership
announced "Offday". Hmm, what's the point of that.

Of course, for every person like me who starts to phase out of the EQ
trance, there will be another in his place phasing in (my own example is the
perfect illustration). So the yin and yang of the perpectual world that is
EQ continues and as George Harrison said a few years before he himself
joined the spirit world, "All Things Must Pass".

And so yesterday I let the leadership know that I wasn't coming back to EQ.
I thanked them all for the tremendous support they had given me and vowed
that I would not sell my account or any of the items I had obtained (I
actually stopped bidding a while ago knowing that this day would come).
There, I did it.

It was helluva ride, and leaves me feeling fulfilled in a way I had not
thought possible over the last five years since I started playing. I have
nothing but great things to say about the membership of Resolution and the
friends I met there, and I hope to see some of them again in future MMOG's.
But for now, this EverQuest journey, 65 levels and hundreds of AA's later,
has finally run its course (again) and my account will go dormant at the end
of the current billing cycle.

A big thanks to all of you in this newsgroup who helped me along the way.
Graeme Faelban, who always knew the answer to almost any Shaman or raiding
question I ever asked, Sean Kennedy, Ben Sisson, 42, Lance Berg (with whom I
was briefly partnered along the way, I learned much in-game from the
Splendid One), and of course the great stories of Richard Lawson. All of
these contributed to Winterfury's Quest for adventure, and I'll not forget
those who helped form one of the greatest gaming experiences of my life.
/salute!

I'm enjoying City of Heroes right now as I look around jonesing for a new
MMOG (playing The Hypnotist on the Protector server). The Lineage beta left
me feeling uninterested in that one and while it's not clear how soon if
ever CoH will run out of gas, there's no denying that it's fun as hell in
the meantime and has me consumed again. I look forward to getting into both
the EQ2 and WoW betas at some point, and working my way through yet another
MMOG experience. Although this is a good-bye to EQ (for now anyway), I don't
see this as a negative experience and in no way am I trashing the game that
brought me so much pleasure over the last few months. It's just a part of
that great cycle, a rite of passage and right now I'm the one passing.

I've always felt that "the journey is the reward", and my experience with
EverQuest confirms it for me. What an incredible journey, and what a great
time to be an MMOG player.

-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Elder Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie




