From 3040864414726411332
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b1069c5edb6b166a
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-30 14:34:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!newsrout1.ntli.net!news.ntli.net!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: FAQ 3/30/04
Date: Tue, 30 Mar 2004 16:34:31 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <106jtfpklnl3h22@corp.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
References: <406915CB.FE538896@stopthevoices.yahoo.com> <106jd91r0p78ffa@corp.supernews.com> <4069BE93.2FB567F3@stopthevoices.yahoo.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2727.1300
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 89
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26332


"Annie Benson-Lennaman" <anniebenlen@stopthevoices.yahoo.com> wrote in
message news:4069BE93.2FB567F3@stopthevoices.yahoo.com...
>
> > You might want to add in the instructions for creating additional chat
> > windows and directing certain things to each of them. I can't imagine
> > managing any autojoined chat channels if they were still all going into
the
> > single default chat window with the battle spam and so forth.
>
> Good idea!  Want to write this up too?  Anyone?

Er I would but I don't remember them, gotta let somebody else handle this
one.



>
> > One more thing: unless I missed it, a section with a few basic questions
> > about player guilds would be useful. (Starting with clarifying that a
player
> > guild is different from a character's class guild where you train skills
> > with the guildmaster).
>
> And this.  Yes, I'm getting tired of writing.
>

OK:


Q. What is a "guild"?

A. The word "guild" is used two different ways in EQ and they have nothing
to do with each other. In the game's cities there are buildings called class
guilds (the warrior guild in Kaladim, say); not every city has a guild for
every class. In each guild are NPCs you interact with: a guildmaster where
you train your character's skills, and vendors where you can buy your spells
and some other stuff.

The other form of guild is player guilds, which are voluntary associations
formed and managed by players themselves on each server. The name of the
guild displays in the game next to the character's name, and guilds get
their own private chat channels in-game. Many guilds have websites where
discussion forums and schedules of group outings in the game.


Q. What is being in a player guild like?

A. It's like being a member of any other self-directed voluntary
association: as good as the people in it. The best way to find a guild is to
chat with players you've grouped with repeatedly in the game and enjoyed
playing with, and at some point mention that you've thought about joining a
guild. If they're enjoying playing with you, you may receive an invitation.
Guilds that run around randomly inviting players they haven't even met
before tend to end up about as cohesive and enjoyable as any other group of
complete strangers thrown together.

Player guilds fall into about three categories at the moment, these being
completely unofficial but widely recognized. First of all, each server has
some high-end "raiding guilds", which can include hundreds of players, are
focused on lengthy well-planned Planes raids, and have increasingly stiff
prerequisites for membership (you must have reached a certain level in the
game). Most servers now have unofficial schedules that the top few raiding
guilds agree on for raids of the very top Planes zones.

Next there are newer/smaller guilds that aspire to become raiding guilds; at
any given moment most servers have several of these. Such a guild might have
anywhere from 30 to 60 active members, and be recruiting players who either
have reached the top levels or appear serious about getting there quickly.
Since serious raiding requires playing for 8 or 10 hours at a stretch, such
guilds tend to include mostly people who are single, not raising kids, don't
have jobs that require a lot of travel, etc. These guilds are trying to
build up the strength (number of top-level seriously-equipped players of
enough classes) to join the top-Planes raiding rotation of their server;
some make it and some don't.

Finally there are the "family guilds". This phrase isn't literal, it refers
to guilds of more casual players who aren't strongly aspiring to the
high-end raiding. In practice this often means players who are married with
children, etc. These guilds tend to have fewer than 50 active members (maybe
a lot fewer). They may do some entry-level Planes raiding now and then; two
family guilds may band together for the occasional joint raid. Mostly these
guilds do regular "experience grouping" together, and increasingly they tend
to do a lot of LDoN adventuring together. Some family guilds were started by
longtime EQ players who had been in raiding guilds but burned out on that or
found that it wasn't actually how they most enjoyed the game.





