From -5296798095945441709
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,867f177519b1d18e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-06-09 18:20:41 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Ben Haddick" <bhaddick@SPAMISBADhotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Stalled...
Date: Sun, 9 Jun 2002 20:21:38 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <ug7vn8e7t63f2c@corp.supernews.com>
References: <re47gugt4qv1evj47n8nloiatbf6jkjrob@4ax.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 91
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:202510


"Dark Tyger" <darktyger@nowhere.com> wrote in message
news:re47gugt4qv1evj47n8nloiatbf6jkjrob@4ax.com...
> It's been a while since I've really hunted with my 46 druid. Having 7
> other characters does that kinda thing to ya. >< Anyway, quadding
> Ulthorks has fizzled xp-wise for a while now. The warriors are okay,
> but that spawn are is heavily hunted and I find myself having to
> settle for hunters if I try hunting there. For several levels, I
> root-DOTed frost giants (finally reaching dubious with CoV), but
> that's slow going. I can do the same with Wyverns in CS, but after a
> couple run-ins with an idiot shaman training the...Bulthor? CS's
> walrus men...all the way up the shore and back, I decided CS wasn't
> healthy right now.
>
> People have suggested quadding in BW, but I really can't familiarize
> myself enough with the layout not to get disoriented, and the fact
> that the mobs tend to be hard to come by 4 of the same type (until
> I've finally got 4 snared, then they're everywhere all of a sudden and
> adding onto my pull. :-/ ). Just isn't exactly a place I'm comfortable
> hunting in when it comes down to it. Dawnshroud is a tad laggy for
> me...
>
> As for DL...just...No. Same reason I won't hunt in LOIO or Oasis.
>
> Are there any other good solo options for a 46 druid, or am I stuck
> having to settle for one of them?
>

I don't blame you for not doing DL, I hate that zone.

I think around that level I grouped in Lguk, quadded bloodgill goblins in
LoIO and root/dotted bloodgills and wyverns/drakes in CS.

Quadding bloodgills isn't for the beginner though, they take a bit of skill
to learn, some people say to just agro 4 and run up to the top of the water
with them unsnared and take them to shore, but I tended to pull a group of
2, one snared, run towards the next group, stop halfway (all this
underwater), snare the second, then repeat on the second group of 2, then
tow all 4 snared to shore, an added advantage to this is that they're all
grouped up by the time you get to shore.  Just be careful not to get too far
ahead of them since they'll turn around and go home, which is VERY annoying.
Absolutely gimp HP for their level, about 1500 avg IIRC.  They're also very
easy to root/rot if you can't get the quad pull technique down, I don't
remember if a 46 can single pull them, but I don't think so, so use harmony
if you need to single pull (harmony both spawns in a set, they're far enough
apart that it won't hit both)

Root/rotting in CS should be easier than you seemed to have, you got unlucky
and ended up there when some moron was doing stupid things, like possibly
learning that the bulthar herdleader is immune to root/snare.  You should be
able to single pull the tower and the obelisk with harmony, also harmony
Yvolcarn if he's near one that you're pulling.  I went through 46-49 about
40% bloodgill 40% CS root/rot and 20% grouped, but most of the grouping was
in Velks with a guild group as the escape route for lower dogs (called pit
on some servers), then with the new quad AoE at 49, I went through 49 and 50
in about 2 days /played quadding wyverns in CS.  Suffice it to say I'm
fucking sick of that zone.

Only downside is that now both places seem overrun with gimpy ass melees
(gogogo fungi monk) soloing all the spawns nonstop for light blue AA exp.

I did a little giant killing at the fort in BW, it was decent exp and loot,
but I didn't really enjoy the zone, easy to learn though. (don't pull
Gullerback the undead gorilla when soloing, he's immune to root/snare)

If you've got a few friends, you could probably go to Droga or Nurga and
kill goblins, just make sure you've got an enchanter in Droga, spawns are
absolutely PACKED.  Plus side is that you get +dizok faction.  Well, it
would be a plus side to me, but I'm masochistic and am working on my dizok
faction now, let 2 shrouds of nature rot this weekend.  Plus the new
Deathsteel smithing stuff drops there (goblin tempers made from 1 grinning
goblin brew and 1 mt death mineral salt, stackable metal sheets from 2
unstackable 15 wt bricks of deathsteel ore and 1 goblin temper, then you can
make weapons with the sheets), as well as the aforementioned shroud of
nature, and the Idol of the Thorned for your melee friends.  Nurga is
normally spawned with burynai and spiders in it, but recently its all goblin
(and the sleeping ogre for you monks), and the goblin warder that drops the
shroud can spawn at nearly ANY spot in the dungeon, there were 3 up that I
killed last night there, 2 opals and a shroud, then I killed a warder in
Droga at the dining hall and got another shroud, but they're lore and I
already was wearing one, heh. Oh, and mosstroopers, stalagknights and some
other type are SKs, watch out for ~350 pt harm touches, plus the new caster
changes make some of the wizard types nuke you A LOT.  Neat dungeons though,
even if Droga has WAY too many spawn points packed together.

I think I also did some hunting in The Grey at one point around 48/49,
root/rotting anything that moved, and at 49, quadding skels when I had KEI
(don't try without it or C2 at that level, it's uh, painful)





