From -6654313040547336352
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d7afef3eb2e18925
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-04-17 09:40:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!sjc70.webusenet.com!rip!news.webusenet.com!prodigy.com!newsmst01.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr19.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!78a7f357!not-for-mail
From: "Kevin" <wwwkevinww@prodigy.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <d85db693.0304170352.6c631c69@posting.google.com> <Pine.SOL.3.96.1030417140450.6155A-100000@virgo.cus.cam.ac.uk>
Subject: Re: Any use for languages? + eq economics
Lines: 129
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <3NAna.2219$Fy7.1104@newssvr19.news.prodigy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.53.90.145
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr19.news.prodigy.com 1050597567 ST000 68.53.90.145 (Thu, 17 Apr 2003 12:39:27 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 17 Apr 2003 12:39:27 EDT
Organization: Prodigy Internet http://www.prodigy.com
X-UserInfo1: SCSYQN_@OXS]S]DXKRNVOQHBBJTFQLTLFXVH_IQDJ@_@FNHCYFWUQBKZQLYJX\_ITFD_KFVLUN[DOM_A_NSYNWPFWNS[XV\I]PZ@BQ[@CDQDPCL^FKCBIPC@KLGEZEFNMDYMKHRL_YYYGDSSODXYN@[\BK[LVTWI@AXGQCOA_SAH@TPD^\AL\RLGRFWEARBM
Date: Thu, 17 Apr 2003 16:39:27 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:277544

> > The other day i heard someone in PoK offering to sell elder dragon
language
> > lessons. I asked for what reason do people need to know elder dragon for
and
> > the person never replies. Hes on Luclin and you often see him in PoK or
Nexus
> > offering to charge like 4k pp for training in it.  Its the biggest scam
ive seen
>
> Well to certain high levels 4k plat is peanuts and it takes a fair amount
> of time to max a language (OK Ok we arent talking in the league of a big
> raid but its still not a 5 minute hand in for an MQ).
>
> Im told a bunch of quests require you to use the right language to trigger
> the quest....high level quest, need for languag quickly, rare language
> means demand for teachers - especialy since said teacher knows that each
> person he trains can go train say an entire guild or do as you did if
> really necessary. All he has got is the need to do it NOW on his side.

my 2 C, languages are valuable.  my Enchanter is master of all, but has
better things to do than teach anyone of them to anyone.  I guess for 1 mil
I could teach all of them to someone.  is this a rip off, considering that
lanaguages have an effect on research, the ability to understand anyone
switching or trying to sneak a little tidbit by you.  Two trolls decide they
want to eat the half-elf that is t here.  you think the half-elf should of
invested in learning troll before he grouped with them?  might keep him out
of the stew pot or shishkabob half-elf.  or whateverr other nifty things you
can do with cooking.  Heck, when your sitting there being a half-elf, and
you see half-elf parts, you know a fricking Troll or Ogre did it.
Furthermore, if language wasn't important, why is it that IRL, some
languages miss concepts completely.  so translation is extra difficult.
heck, you got Language for computers, zeros and ones, binary, which allows a
ton of others.

Yes, languages are important.  without language, you couldn't be reading
this.  how important, obviously with your comment thinking 4 K was way too
much, he needn't respond to you since he is looking for a quick sale, and
you disqualified yourself.  And why should he follow up on it to explain to
you why you should bother buying it.  If you say no, no is no.   Perhaps, if
you wanted to be explained why 4 K was worth it, you should of asked why
before you said no?  I have done this when I thought something was terribly
overpriced, like the rare items that was like 450 K plat on bristbane, I was
like nah, after I asked about the item  (why? ).  some stupid item, I hold
much more value in plat, since I know I'm sitting in a deflationary economy
( for the most part).  so in 10 or 20 years from now, that 450 K plat would
buy me more.  Also, with liquid cash, the more you have, the more you can
actually have a say in your economy on your server.  Perhaps with even one
person working hard and with enough of the total plat and trying to turn the
deflationary economy around, it could become an inflationary economy ( on
that one server).  Taking money out of the economy slows the economy down,
so everyone holding onto plat and wanting to keep it thus removes the coin
that the second person could be using, thus the deflationary economy.  But
if you spend spend spend, you would be helping the economy.  at least in the
supplied or demand side of economics.  its in my econ book, and I'm too lazy
to figure out which side is which.  we never bothered to get that far to
discuss the ramifications of the two competing theories, and as far as I'm
concered modern economics is flawed to some extent.  like does anything in
economics handle thievery?  not currently.  but obviously thievery exists
and is a negative impact on econ.  so perhaps people just know it.  crime
hurts economy.  yep, was in a game I played, simcity I believe.  so most
enlightened people realize this.  problem is that even the hard sciences
have flaws, but most people realize this too.  Nevertheless, I had better
things to do with my time than to figure out every little nuance of
math/econ/history, etc.
Perhaps if I was actually like Ermin Sivarch, I would be able to actually
pick up more skills, but then I wouldn't be getting to 65th enchanter with
500 K plat on bristlebane, etc.

Is Elder Dragon worth  4 K?

I would say Elder Dragon is worth alot more, considering that history is
that Vsheen is the one who is the main GOD of EQ, and created all the other
ones.  (even though I don't know my EQ history all that well either, I
figure my limited memory on the history of EQ is enough to state this as
fact without consulting any other outside source except my own limited
memory).  At least that is how the original story went.  that is the problem
with history, bastardization/upgrading of it by later peeps.  BAH, I check a
source from luclin and first couple pages on history is Long ago, the great
crystalline dragon Veeshan scarred Norrath and deposited her brood ( kids),
claiming the planet for her own.  So if you want to talk to t he one who
started it all, know Elder Dragon.

can anyone say priceless to talk to Veeshan for those various quests?  or
whatever they add.

How about this, the actual owner(s) of EQ, the company/coorporation entity
realizes the value of Elder Dragon and nerfs it, so you cannot ever increase
it again ever at a certain hard date.  say the last patch as your asking
about it.  now, the next patch, they throw in all the old items in a simple
quest so if your a grand master of the language (200 skill), then you could
gain wishes, things like your epic (pieces your missing auto from this
simple quest after upping your language), or other choices.  like plat or
other high priced items.  Heck, they know that this will keep interest in
the game, and its not like they aren't nerfing, patching, etc.  The last
patch for the 4th tier earth with the new change in the earth crystal shows
them doing it.  but its patch day.   Chances of them seeing this and doing
hard nerfs so you can never learn it.   It wouldn't be the first time that
their changes and nerfs seriously affected the players.  like when they
nerfed the elder dragon bag off, and I know someone who had one he paid a
certain price for it, and now its nerfed.  so he is struggling on whether to
sell it with the now nerfed item, and eventually after struggling and me
trying to help him decide to sell the nerfed item.  suddenly, and
unexpectedly, they unnerf this bag.  you can buy bags for 5250, but they
only sell for 5 K on my server.  the better ones, weight .6 are 7 K.
obviously I care more about plat and agree with you to some extent that plat
is very valuable also.  heck, sucks having nothing and just getting by.  not
hard to understand this.

Personal connections are also extremely valuable and lucrative.  Switching
servers, ( generally, not in the special latest case where they let you keep
items and plat to that strange server, which was generally just a capital
investement of Sony into itself by adding that server.), like joing the uber
guild Heaven and Fire? would let you see a ton of more content, be with the
people who are obviously on the edge of the learning curve of the new
material/expansions.  Appearany they are really saying their guild name is
Heaven and Fire.

oh, and what is Personal Connections, when you could get an extra boost to
flattery someone when you snuggle next to that someone special and speak in
their language, which you took time to learn.

Summation, I'm only guessing that you wanted an indepth discussion to your
question , instead of the cursory aye or nay.

Ermin Sivarch, 65th Enchanter on Bristlebane Server

P.S.  which server you on?




