From -6607823467524795799
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e2b88c3c1013f3e0,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-09 17:59:39 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!portc01.blue.aol.com!audrey04.news.aol.com!not-for-mail
Lines: 160
X-Admin: news@aol.com
From: bonda170@aol.com (BONDA170)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Date: 10 Aug 2001 00:58:38 GMT
Organization: AOL, http://www.aol.co.uk
Subject: Class breakdown
Message-ID: <20010809205838.10241.00003952@ng-cr1.aol.com>
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:105278

Im going to start a completely new character and have no idea what its going
to be. For this reason i made up a little class table (I did it at work, my
job isn't exactly 'demanding') and would like everyones/anyones opinions,
thoughts, clarification even flame if you like. Some of the info is stuff ive
read here and the stuff in qoutes and the race suggestions are straight from
the manual so it might help a fresh newbie aswell.

Casters

Shaman
"Among the healers they are the most combat oriented class" they get some
nice armour and at higher levels can summon a pet.
Ideal Race: Barbarian
Ability To Solo : 4 out of 5
Ability to group: 4 out of 5

Wizard
"The wizard is the only caster not to have a pet" Has access to the best
Direct Damage spells in the game but cannot solo due to his inability to
defend or heal himself. 'Some of you will like this next quote'  "Fortunately
you dont have to go down on your bended knees to get people to accept a
wizards help in a group"
Ideal race: Erudite
Solo: 2 out of 5
Group: 5 out of 5

Necromancer
"The necromancer is one of the most complete classes in the game" He gets
spells to locate corpses and summon a skeleton pet at level 1 and has good DD
and DoT spells. Alot of his DoT spells will leach health from his enemies to
replenish his own and at higher levels can effectively generate mana for
other group member casters. Gets the ever popular fear spell at level four
and makes an ideal class for the soloist. The necromancer has a terrible
reputation.
Ideal race: Dark Elf
Solo : 5 out of 5
Group: 3 out of 5

Druid
"The druid is the odd-job man, Hes brilliant at nothing but gifted in
everything! His versatility makes him a very good loner" Caster of the
popular spell 'Spirit of the Wolf' (SoW) and can teleport his group mates at
higher levels. "He's less suited to physical or magical fighting than the
other two healers (cleric and shaman)".Druids and necromancer make the best
soloist's (wonder what they're like as a duo?)
Ideal race: Halfling
Solo : 5 out of 5
Group : 3 out of 5

Cleric
"At low levels the cleric belongs to one of the best all-rounder classes". In
a group the cleric is the primary healer. A cleric and a tank make a
formidable and effective team. "At high levels, he loses his versatility but
becomes a guardian angel to his group - and mostly to the tanks, whom he
protects and cares for. His resurrection spells are particularly popular!".
Clerics are always sought for by groups and guilds but some have complained
of being used as a 'buff whore'.
Ideal race: Dwarf
Solo: 3 out of 5
Group: 5 out of 5

Enchanter
"The enchanters magic is primarily defensive". Has a pet but it can only
follow and protect him, not as versatile as a magicians or necromancers pets.
"His attack spells are pitiful but he has the best buffs and de-buffs and is
the undisputed master of illusion and mind control. He alone can influence
intelligence, wisdom and mana. He is vulnerable as a solo player, but shines
when in a group - especially at high level".
Ideal Race: High Elf
Solo: 3 out of 5
Group: 4 out of 5

Magician
"The magician has at his disposal some pretty effective attack and defense
spells, but his main weapon is his pet. With such an ally the magician can
solo with ease (at least at lower levels). He can also use many conjuration
spells which provide him with food, drink, useful objects and magical weapons
free of charge, its this function which makes him very popular with groups".
Ideal race: Erudite
Solo: 4 out of 5
Group: 3 out of 5

Hybrids

Paladin
A mix of a warrior and a cleric, post level 9 the paladin has access to some
cleric range spells, though the fizzle rate is abysmall. Has the special
ability Lay Hands which he can use once every norrathian day that heals
himself or a target completely. "He has acess to the most powerful weapons in
Norrath : The legendary soulfire and the mythical fiery avenger".
Ideal race: Dwarf
Solo: 4 out of 5
Group: 4 out of 5

Ranger
A hybrid of a warrior and a druid. The ranger also has access to spells at
level 9. Also has the ability to track, forage for food and sneak. Cant wear
any metaalic armour which makes him vulnerable at higher levels. They make
the best archers.
Ideal race: Human
Solo: 4 out of 5
Group: 3 out of 5

Shadow Knight
A mix of warrior and necromancer. Has the ability to Harm Touch an opponent
which inflictsa vicious wounds once evrey norrath day. Is able to summon a
pet and again has some necromancer spells at level 9. The shadow knight has a
bad reputation.
Ideal race: Human
Solo: 4 out of 5
Group: 4 out of 5

Bard
"He is a good solo player because of his 'complete hybrid' status, being a
tank, a caster and a healer all rolled into one. Its when hes in a group the
bard reveals his true strengths. His various songs effect all of his
companions and their various powers can heal, buff, frighten and wound
enemies, plus he gets a new one at each level!".
Ideal race: Half Elf
Solo: 3 out of 5
Group: 5 out of 5

Tanks

Warrior
"The Tanks. They have two functions : Striking hard and taking blows. Up to
level 15 he deals the most damage (with the possible exception of the monk)
Nobody has as many hit points as the warrior and few can rival his armour
class". Very popular with groups.
Ideal Race: Ogre
Solo: 2/5
Group: 5/5

Rogue
"The rogue is a worthy combatant but not as powerful as the real tanks. His
strenght is in his skills of which he has many: pick locks, move silently,
master the art of poisons etc. His most effective skill is backstab (acquired
at level 10) which allows him to inflict increased damage upon his enemies
when he attacks his opponents back with a piercing weapon". Due to this ability
The rogue outdamages any other mellee class.
Ideal race: Halfling
Solo: 2/5
Group: 3/5

Monk
"If a warriors roll is to take punishment then a monks is to mete it out!
he has fewer HP than a warrior and cannot wear heavy armour but he is better
at avoiding blows and is still more powerful than the hybrids. At level 17 he
aquires the skill feign death."
Ideal Race: Iksar
Solo: 4/5
Group: 3/5

Ok, thats it. As i said its pretty useless really but seems like a fair few
posts about "What class is best.." etc lately so maybe this will help. 
Probably not though :P






