From -2385528408109279861
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,fedf6605268c6818
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-17 22:03:57 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.news.ucla.edu!ucdavis!sandman.ucdavis.edu!ez064842
From: ez064842@sandman.ucdavis.edu (Remington Stone)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: AOE Group construction
Date: Thu, 18 Jul 2002 05:00:52 +0000 (UTC)
Organization: Infoholics Anonymous
Lines: 230
Message-ID: <ah5i24$4v7$1@woodrow.ucdavis.edu>
References: <3D35B12B.684F5591@dejazzd.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: sandman.ucdavis.edu
X-Trace: woodrow.ucdavis.edu 1026968452 5095 169.237.105.36 (18 Jul 2002 05:00:52 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: usenet@ucdavis.edu
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 18 Jul 2002 05:00:52 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:212969

Lance Berg  said:
}OK, so, whats needed here?
}
}I -think- its
}2 enchanters
}1 cleric
}2 PB AOE nukers
}1 puller.
}
}The puller brings wave after wave of mobs to the group
}The chanters stand together and spam out AOE Mez
}The cleric keeps the chanters alive
}Once sufficient groups are present, the nukers
}start blowing mana on PB AOE while the chanters keep
}spamming Mez and the cleric spams groupheals or does
}his own PB AOEing.

As others said, chanters AoE stun for this.  I've found it works better if 
the puller brings -one- wave of mobs per pull.  Even if they do show up in 
waves, much better to just start the stun cycle and keep it going as more 
and more arrive than try to switch from mez to stun.  That way, I don't 
waste a spell slot on aoe mez and can stick something more potentially 
useful there.  I also find it handy if I can weave a tashicide (AoE tash) 
into the stun cycle near the beginning.  It can be done with one chanter.  
Two is slightly safer.  But more nukers is safer too, since the mobs die 
faster.

}Cleric is critical to the endeavor not just because of group
}heals, but more importantly because when something
}goes wrong it usually means total group wipe, so that 96%
}rez is crucial to keeping failure from being all that expensive

Cleric isn't all that critical.  But I certainly won't object to having 
one. :)  I'd prefer a nuker to a second cleric.  I suppose the only way 
I'd ever do it -without- a cleric is if we all had raid buffs.  Chanter 
with 750 HP vs chanter with 2300 HP makes all the difference in the world. 
:) And then you really aren't going to want to wait for me to heal up, 
even with Illusion: Troll. :) Rune and berz str can help a lot though... I 
usually rune III and berz myself before every pull.

}Puller; bard probably best here, since the plan involves
}total expenditure of mana, the bard can reduce down time
}by singing manasong.  On the other hand, puller also can
}use high HP and AC and disciplines like Defensive or
}spells like Divine Aura... so possibly Warriors or Paladins
}(and heck for some reason I can't think of SK?) might also
}make good pullers.  Key ability would be to run fast (a SOW
}outside would probably work for every puller if convenient, or
}puller must have Run 3)

Melee puller, yeah sure.  Maximum efficiency seems to be when one of the 
nukers is pulling.  High level wizards seem to be very good at this.  But 
the melee puller can be very handy for tanking that one thing in the pile 
that turned out to be unstunnable, or higher level, or resists a lot...  
Of course, a mage's pet can do this, too.

}Chanters are key because you need to be able to mez 50 mobs
}at a time, necro and bard mez are limited target counts and won't
}work here.  You need two because you really really can't afford
}to have any mobs not mezed for any length of time, one chanter
}leaves perhaps 10% of them unmezzed which is too much for the
}cleric to keep the chanter alive thru (five mobs beating down the
}chanter, not good)

5 mobs that get one swing before my next stun is cast.  It -can- be bad, 
but not usually.  If I have a cleric healing me, the second chanter isn't 
-entirely- necessary.  But it does go a touch smoother.  What really 
sucks is if one of those mobs manages to stun me, and I have to wait 3-4 
seconds before the next stun goes off.  Even then, we usually live. :)

}This leaves the actual damage producers to the remaining two
}people.

Two isn't very much.  It may be enough.  But I'd rather have more.  I 
think my regular best AoE group has been 60 cleric, me, and 4 wizards 
and/or mages.  

}I see a lot of people saying that Wizards are needed here.
}However, I see PB AOE on druids and clerics... what exactly
}do wizards bring to the party that druids and clerics don't?

More damage.
 
}Looks
}to me like having a druid there would be handy as you'd have
}easy access to SOW (just step outside and cast it)

Err... you know a wizard without J/Tboots/run 3?  I'm sure they must 
exist, but we've always had at least 1...

}and some extra help keeping the chanters alive while setting up.

This 'setting up' of which you speak... what?

<Puller> Inc many
We all run down to the spot
Puller runs by us
I begin to chain stun
Mobs walk into the AoE of the chain stunning and stop.
The nukes start flying. 

Druids are not the most efficient in an AoE group.  But if they're nice 
people, we can make it work with them anyway. :)

I memorize -all- my stuns.  There's two different stunning strategies:  
One, the early strategy, where you're cycling the long stuns and throwing 
the short stuns in between if you get too many resists, and two, the late 
strategy, where you're doing the most mana-efficient possible cycle that 
keeps stuff continuously stunned, and not worrying too much about the one 
mob that resisted.  Color Skew and Shift alternated does pretty well for 
this, with Flux thrown in when things get out of synch.  I aso have my 
targetable stun (Lagarnn's) memmed, and hit esc a lot to clear my target.  
That way, if one guy resists twice and hits me, I can stun him 
individually.  Longish casting time on that bugger though.  

The key that I think some people don't realize is that stuns can be not 
just chained, but overlapped, so guys that resist one stun don't resist 
another.  If I'm alternating Skew and Slant, casting them both as soon as 
they pop up... both are 8 second stuns, 12 second refresh with 2.5 and 1.5 
second cast time.  So Skew goes off every  14.5 seconds for 8 seconds, 
keeping things stunned 55% of the time, and similarly, slant gets 59%.  So 
just with those two, I'm creating 14% of the time that the mobs have to 
resist -two- stuns in a row before they can even swing.  Throw in Shift 
judiciously, 6sec/13.5sec=44%, and that's 68% of the time... Although it 
starts to ge complicated there, because if my timing is off I can end up 
with timeslots with triple stunage at the expense of double.  But I also 
still haven't used flux for another (4/13)=30%, or lagarnn's for that one 
intractable bastard.  Ultimately, things get -one- swing before the next 
stun hits, and then the cleric gets a chance to consider healing me.  When 
I get to the third or fourth stun the efficency also takes a ding because 
the casting times interfere with each other, so I can't cast them the 
-instant- they refresh, since more than one is refreshed at any given 
time.  If I actually sat down and worked out the timing carefully, I could 
probably mostly abate that problem and get fairly close to that 98% total 
dual stunnage. :) But the -point- is, that a good chanter acting alone can 
have the mobs needing to resist not just at least one stun all the time, 
but also more than one most of the time.  I just wish focus effects worked 
on casting times under 3 seconds... :)

}Also seems to me
}a second cleric could be useful here, again more healing capability,
}and significantly higher life span when the S**t hits the fan...

Bah, you aren't casting Cheal on a bunch of robes, so you aren't locked up 
for 10 seconds doing that.  And our one cleric usually finishes the pull 
with well over 50% mana.  More if she started the fight with a mod rod in 
hand... Unless it's a really weird pull (more than one or two things with 
more HP/resists than the rest of the mobs) I usually have 60% or so 
myself, and the mod rod still not used.

}Puller needs to be as high level as you can get for the more
}HP and AC and resists.  Pullers only real job requirement is
}the ability to live long while bringing in mobs fast.

You seem to have this misguided notion that the puller should be getting 
hit...

}Chanters... do they get better AOE mez at some high level?
}Is it required?  Since AOE group seems to work on levels
}down near the low end of the Blue scale (so that the AOEs
}are enough damage to kill each mob despite their relatively
}low damage per mob per mana output) I don't imagine
}resists are all that big a deal should one of the chanters be
}slightly lower level.

Chanter stuns are resisted more the higher level the mobs are. So 
effectively, -all- our stuns get better every level... We get our 4th AoE 
stun at 52, though, and that makes big difference.

}Nukers.  What nukes are being used here?  Do they scale
}up all that much by level?  Really really high Mana levels will
}help in as much as it seems they have to burn all mana out
}in order for their AOEs to get all the mobs to the point of death.

Ok, I dunno squat about the nukes.  I just know they make things dead. 
:) Oh yeah, and make sure you turn off spell messages and /serverfilter 
on.  Seriously.  I mean it this time. :)

}Druids also get those spells, afaik, in the lower end of the 50s.
}I can easily scare up a 58 druid (in fact unless convinced that
}a druid -can't- sub for a wizard in this will almost certainly have
}her in most of my groups for personal reasons) is there any
}reason this would be inadequate?

Not optimum, but if you really like her, you'd be a fool not to bring her 
along. :) Something almost always happens that you didn't expect, in any 
group, AoE or otherwise, and then what makes the difference between 
smashing victory and the agony of defeat is being grouped with reliable 
people you trust that know how to play their characters, and not whether 
you had the 'optimum' group.  But I'm sure I'm preaching to the choir. :)

}What about mages, seems to me I recall them getting a similar
}line which struck me as useless at the time.  What would
}prevent them from joining in here as an AOE nuker, do their
}lines suck in some way?  Heck, seems to me they could even
}make pets, now that they don't aggro on mezed mobs, you'd
}have a little more protection for your nukers on the few mobs
}which escape or break mez.

Mages rock.  Let me say that again, in case someone was deaf.  Mages -so- 
rock.  Yes, they have good nukes... Not as good as wizzie, but not that 
distant a second.  They have pet tankage for tank-mezzing that 
inconvenient unstunnable add that wandered in halfway through, they have 
mod rods... And this -really- impressed me.

<puller> um... I think I got too many and the pack split up and I'm in a 
bit of trouble here...
*mage CotHs
*mobs all walk home

Can't remember if the puller had to zone or camp or what, but still.  
Saved us a hunt for dead puller corpse.

}Where to go to do this?

I've had good luck in Acrylia and ME.  Acrylia was only once, and kind of 
a bizarre group... It's been a while, but there was a necro involved 
somehow which made me wonder why my mana bar wouldn't go down no matter 
what I did.  Bard puller did work well there.  I think there was more than 
a group of us, and there was some degree of worry that at 53 I wouldn't be 
able to stun effectively.  The stunning was mostly ok, although I did die 
once or twice.  Luckily, when I did bite it, everyone else just zoned. :)

ME was my regular spot, with mostly Umbral Toilers and the occasional Big 
Shadow Thing or 4-Armed Whatsis.  The worm things wre a pain if we picked 
one of those up, but that's what the mage pets took care of for us.  
Typical pull was about 15-20 toilers and 2-3 shadows.  Ideal pull would 
have been every toiler in the zone and nothing else. :)

[56 Beguiler] Zinphandel Chianti <Ethereal Requiem> (Gnome) Ayonae Ro


