From 3249865202358036153
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5cf19707d0c9436a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-06-09 09:05:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!tethys.csu.net!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews2
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Pathing exploit?
Date: Mon, 9 Jun 2003 10:40:52 -0500
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 72
Message-ID: <bc29pt01lk3@enews2.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-150.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:286777

I'm leveling up Marrtuk nicely.  He's 39 now, and he's got some pretty neat
spells.  Divine Purpose + KEI = Fungi!  I sure hope to get him to 43 before
the June 11 patch just in case the KEI nerf gets applied then, but I don't
think I'm going to make it.

I've been spending all my time in Lower Guk making steady XP.  I camp the
bedroom and clear all the mobs around there, including the Greater Icebones.
(Marrtuk's l33t strategy for breaking the five-GIB spawn:  creep up to them,
aggro all five, turn and run for the zone, zone out, immediately zone back
in, grab the two or three that haven't yet wandered away, then run back and
kill the rest.  This only works if A) I don't get stunned to death; B) a
repopped undead froglok doesn't root me; C) I see there are people at the
zone line and am forced to stop and eat a death rather than train them.)

LGuk is a nice zone, except that it gets crowded.  Not only do I have to
fight against the other people of my level for spawns, but I have to fight
the level 65's who are working on faction for the Wood Elf illusion quest.
I even once ran into a group of my own guildmates who were power-leveling
their alts.  Lots of competition for mobs, with people unashamedly pulling
mobs from my camp if I don't have them immediately aggro'd.  If given time
to break and time the spawns on my own, I can usually sit on a mob's spawn
point just as it pops so that no one can take it.  But trains are not
uncommon, and the XP has slowed a bit since I hit 39 - some of the mobs are
now light blue.  I could go deeper in, but the competition there is *really*
fierce and it's a long way to the zone line if I over-aggro.

So it's about time for me to move on.  In checking over other places to
solo, I've read of the skeletons around the Combine outpost in the
Dreadlands.  Fear-kiting is supposed to work quite well, since there are no
wandering mobs outside of the spires.  That appeals to me, so I may give it
a go.

I also read of a neat strategy.  You can pull the skeletons inside a
pyramid, then fear them.  They'll run into the walls and stay there, unable
to get out.  I can then happily beat on them until they die.  Now that seems
like a great way to XP.  Pull, fear, kill, etc, all without taking damage.

It also sounds like an exploit.  =)  I remember the big hulabaloo over the
Plane of Justice fear spot that was subsequently fixed.  I didn't pay much
attention to it - clerics don't fear kite much, y'know - but I seem to
remember that people were warned by GM's for using that spot to fear mobs
into.

So, my question is: if I were to pull skeletons inside the DL pyramids, then
fear them, would that be considered a pathing exploit?  Would that be
something I could be warned on?

My account to date has a spotless record and I'd like to keep it that way.
More than that, I don't want to exploit.  I used to exploit my way across
Siren's Grotto on my way to ToV or DN and felt horrible about it each time.
Do y'all think this fear-kiting thing would be considered the same kind of
exploit?

I don't have problems with it from a role-playing perspective; I put such a
fear of Mithaniel into them that they blindly claw at the walls, trying to
get away even as I unleashed my Black-Handled Bonebreaker at them.  But if
it's an exploit, I don't wanna do it.

Thanks in advance for any comments you might have.

-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Archon of Rodcet Nife
Silent Tempest

Marrtuk
Paladin of Mithaniel Marr

Drinal server




