From -4891795642780021033
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b5e2e9a6a156083d,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: mike@mikeshea.net (Mike Shea)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 40: Shades of Grey
Date: 1 Jun 2004 13:27:23 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 149
Message-ID: <f4b815e0.0406011227.5a8471ff@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.160.51.70
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1086121643 32126 127.0.0.1 (1 Jun 2004 20:27:23 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 1 Jun 2004 20:27:23 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:4488

Tales of Loral
Chapter 40: Shades of Grey

For six years I have served the Emerald Guardians. I was proud to wear
their leaf on my cloak and eager to serve the people who had felt such
torment at the fall of Takish Hiz. It was a joy to travel to the far
reaches of Tunaria as an agent of the Guardians. It may now be my
greatest pain.

Scores of orcs have fallen to my arrows. The goblin witch, Tesht'uzu,
spit out her last curse when my blade crossed her throat. I traveled
to Diren's Hold and defeated the great bear, Trapmaw. But then my
duties changed. I was sent west to find a Tier'Dal Enchanter and his
prisoner, an elven maiden whose mind had been broken with his poisoned
words. I found them at an inn in Highbourne. The Tier'Dal's wicked
magics ceased when I cut off his hands and then his head. A stab of my
guardian's blade ended the screams of the mind-warped elven maiden. It
wasn't until her hand reached out to her dead lover that the truth
reached me. Charmed vessels do not cry over fallen masters.

Troubled, I followed new instructions to head south through the desert
of Ro to recover an artifact of the church of Tunare stolen by a
fallen priestess. It took me weeks to find her, deep in the swamps of
Guk on a ruined pyramid of an old, dark god. She was in prayer to
whatever dark god she now served when my first arrow tore into her
side. A wolf-shaped demon attacked me from the shadows. The elven
enchantments of my blades ripped into its ghostly form and it burst
into smoke. Tesarin Moonstrider clutched the chalice to her breast,
her prayers never ceasing, even when I plunged my thin scimitar
through her chest to the hilt. It was difficult to understand the
prayers she whispered as life left her. One thing rang clear. They
were prayers to Tunare.

For six years I have been an agent of the Fayspires. Through
bureaucratic double-talk and false patriotism they have turned me into
a weapon. I believed I was a ranger of Tunaria, serving the will of
the Mother. Tunare has left Tunaria and left behind the salted earth
of a once-great elven empire. Ranger is not the right word for what I
am. The world is not black and white. I am Tarlin the Grey.

I am an assassin.

- From the journals of Tarlin of Tunaria

Loral pushed the worn leather journal across the table, knocking over
his glass and spilling his red wine on the table. The words hit him
like a hammer. It shattered a fog that had surrounded him since the
days he left for Kunark. Their missions had never been to rescue the
elf maiden, Fironia Vie, but to fill the treasure-rich lands of Kunark
with those who served their interests. It had all been a lie.

For decades Loral had followed the church's orders, traveling
throughout Kunark, Velious, Luclin, and now the outer planes. Their
motives or goals were never clear. Loral had never asked for
justification. He was trained to follow the will of the church. Now
images of his past flashed into his mind as the words of his father,
written five hundred years earlier, rang in his ears. The death of the
Overking Bathezid, the death of Venril Sather himself, the vampyre
Xalgoz, General V'Ghera, Trakanon, Nagafen, Lady Vox, King Tormax,
Innoruuk, Cazic Thule, Terris Thule, Bertoxxulous, Rallos Zek and his
sons, all of them had been slain with Loral's assistance. Hundreds had
been slain to further the goals of the council of Felwithe, expanding
their lands, their influence, and their coffers.

Loral had been their weapon.

He left the city of Tanaan at once and traveled to Felwithe with only
one thought in his mind. He must face Yeolarn.

The stone door slid open, splashing the room with harsh light. Loral
walked in, silouetted black against the white light of day behind him.
His explosive entrance sent the guards' hands to the hilts of their
blades. They softened when they recognized Loral, not because they no
longer thought he was a threat, but because there was little they
could do about it if he was.

Allia Moondancer smiled when she recognized Loral under the hood of
his cloak but the smile dropped when she saw the fury in his blue
eyes. As unthinkable as it was, Allia saw the truth of this visit. If
this conversation did not go well, elven blood would spill in the
church of Tunare.

"How long have I been an assassin of the church, Yeolarn?" Loral
roared. "How long have you built me into the dagger of Felwithe? How
long did it take you to decide to feed me to the Shissar? How
surprised were you when I returned?"

Loral stopped dangerously close to the platform where Yeolarn stood.
The Tunarian priests had the words of their battlemagic on their lips,
but few had great expectations for their success. They foresaw their
magics flowing off of Loral's enchanted armor like water. They saw his
ethereal hammer swing out impossibly fast, crushing the steel helmets
of the guards along with the skulls inside. They saw his magic, a
chaotic magic fueled by a demon some had whispered, rip through them
like thousands of blades. All of the priests stood tense and ready.
All but Yeolarn, who leaned heavily on his staff as if Loral's
questions added weight to his shoulders.

"We sent you to Ssraeshza because we could not send an army. We sent
you because you ARE an army. How long have we battled Crushbone? How
long have we kept the orcs in check when you alone could kill every
orc in Crushbone in two hours? We do not send you to Crushbone because
the orcs are necessary for the stability of Felwithe. You are an agent
of the church. We send you to the far reaches of the land. We send you
into the pits of hell and we send you alone."

The scarred shield burned on Loral's arm. Deep in his mind he heard
the whispers of Xuzl. THEY HAVE BETRAYED YOU, ELF, AS THEY DID YOUR
FATHER. RAISE YOUR HAND AND SHOW THEM WHAT THEY HAVE DONE. GIVE THEM
THE JUSTICE THEY DESERVE..

"Felwithe is no single entity, it has no single mind," Yeolarn
continued. "The motivations of each council member is as different as
we are from the Tier'Dal. Some sent you to Luclin to see if Felwithe
was in danger. Others sent you to die. We have many agents in the
lands, each acting independently. Some are killed. Some break under
the strain and turn against the Mother herself. But you return. You
always have."

Loral felt his skin set fire from within. RELEASE ME. RELEASE ME AND I
WILL GIVE YOU VENGEANCE. YOU CAN WALK AWAY WHILE THE CORRUPTION OF
FELWITHE BURNS BEHIND YOU. DESTROY THIS CITY THAT SO INSULTS THE
NATURE OF TUNARE. Loral clenched his fists Yeolarn continued.

"Fironia Vie's name was a banner for our interests in Kunark. Venril
Sather needed to die, whether a threat to Felwithe or not. Emperor
Ssraeshza needed to die, whether he would have left his temple or not.
We send you because there is evil that must be destroyed. It is not
about the safety of Felwithe, it is about good and evil. It is about
the will of Tunare."

Loral's head swam. Behind his eyes Xuzl screamed for release. Visions
filled Lorals mind of Xuzl exploding from the church and burning all
of Felwithe in a great ball of fire.

"You knew the truth before you walked in that door. You act in the
interests of Tunare, in the interests of good. You have done so before
and you will do so again."

Yeolarn handed Loral a scroll sealed in wax.

"Takish Hiz has been found."

Silence filled Loral's mind as both he and the demon within his cursed
shield considered this news. Then the voice of Xuzl screamed again in
a tongue thousands of years older than the elves. Loral silenced him
with a single thought, a single promise.

He would release Xuzl in Felwithe.


