From 891137521889761789
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f26421520d7bac25,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.qx.net!news.qx.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 20 Sep 2004 11:02:36 -0500
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
From: Faned <faned@wyld.qx.net>
Subject: Two problems, one technical, one gameplay
Message-ID: <slrncktvnr.ok2.faned@wyld.qx.net>
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.8.0 (Linux)
Date: Mon, 20 Sep 2004 11:02:36 -0500
Lines: 63
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.191.151.58
X-Trace: sv3-vUcGC72Q+UJGNxPq48uekDqddRpMKadBNHpoxCLoof8OWx0yAzIKEP99+97Kva9UoyX9m+V30nUgwkV!My1sE+S0zwocZJ6XZg0AqsjMYJTde2c7BmXUvPph5WC8Ak0taW3JMH85KIw6m4MEzw==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@qx.net
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@qx.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.13
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17414


I ran into two problems yesterday, completely unrelated, one of which I'm
sure has been around a while and the other very new.

First, the gameplay problem.  It relates to the boats, or lack thereof.

My main character is an Iksar monk.  What's more, a relatively unpicky Iksar
monk when it comes to killing things.  I'm no stranger to faction issues, at
one time doing so many enchanter epic fights that I got to apprehensive in
my home town.

The problem I ran into is that without the boats, you have to go to the
translocator on the dock.  Whereas before I could catch and leave the boats
away from the main dock.  This doesn't really bother me all that much, as
I'm "big enough" (and of course have FD) to handle the guards at any dock. 
And I think I'm KOS at all of them.  =)  But I tried to imagine a younger
Iksar warrior, as worst case scenario with no invis or FD, traveling out of
Kunark.  I'm pretty sure it would be impossible without going through PoK
(all the people denigrating PoK recently, keep that one in mind).  The
guards at the FV and OT docks are not puny.

Second, the technical problem.  I run my pocket cleric on a laptop.  The
laptop is fairly high spec, better than some of the computers I see
mentioned being used in this newsgroup.  P4 2.4, Nvidia Go420 32 meg video,
512 ram.  In general it handles EQ quite well as long as I keep in mind its
32 meg limitation and don't turn all the models on.

When the new video display settings went in, I thought I would be smart and
turn everything off.  OoW ran like a slideshow, or worse.  On a whim, and
because I'd tried everything else, I started turning stuff back on.  Hey, it
turns out that having pixel shaders 1.x and vertex shaders *on* makes the
Go420 (NV17 chip) perform much better.  Ok, now I can bring my cleric along
in OoW, right?

Wrong.  Kind of.  No problems in Dranik, Bloodfield, Nobles Causeway or Wall
of Slaughter.  But I tried Proving Grounds yesterday and my laptop did
something it's never done before.  It flashed up a text mode "CPU
instruction error" screen, of the type you very rarely get in windows, and
rebooted before I could read what the error was.  I thought it was a fluke. 
I'd been playing in WoS for an hour or so prior to that and having no
issues.  So I let the laptop finish rebooting and logged my pocket cleric
back in.  Before I could get back to the group (two short hallways away) the
same thing happened.  Now it became an attempt to get my cleric unstranded. 
After one more reboot, right as he got to the group, I logged him in and
didn't move him (turning seemed to trigger it) and managed to get him
invited and evacced.  I then went and spent a couple hours in KT pulling the
now-blue mobs from the pyramids.

I'm at a loss as to how to even start to troubleshoot this problem, as I
have very little clue as to what the problem is.  My best clue is the text
mode screen that flashes past in a split second, which indicates a faulty
CPU instruction (a laptop P4 is, of course, a bit different from a regular
P4).  I'm considering the possibility that it could be a video card driver
issue as well, because it is obviously video related, but since it's a zone
specific problem that seems a little less likely.  My best guess is that the
emulated pixel/vertex shaders (assuming here, dunno what NV17 chips actually
support) have an issue due to a particular "pixel" or "vertex" that is
present only in Proving Grounds zone.

I haven't /bugged it yet because I don't really have much to give them. 
Sure, I can reproduce it, but I can't get them to reproduce it unless they
happen to have a P4 2.4 (of the same CPU "model") laptop with a Nvidia Go420
video card.  Unlikely in the extreme.


