From 5032568722219688224
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,734017614173349c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: mike@mikeshea.net (Mike Shea)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 30: Disease
Date: 1 Jun 2004 13:20:55 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 152
Message-ID: <f4b815e0.0406011220.5c03f197@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.160.51.70
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1086121255 31641 127.0.0.1 (1 Jun 2004 20:20:55 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 1 Jun 2004 20:20:55 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:4472

Tales of Loral

Chapter 30: Disease

Loral looked with revulsion into the pit that led into the Plane of
Disease and the giant pipe that eternally poured forth the black
liquid inside. The stench of the pit overwhelmed him, burning the
inside of his nose and causing his lungs to constrict. The tainted
fountain was a dark contrast to the beauty of the land that surrounded
it. The Plane of Tranquility promised an eternal peace. It was the
land Loral always dreamed of - a land of green grass, clear waters,
and quiet solitude. Like the curled demonic finger of an ancient beast
protruding through the ground, the spout of disease-ridden fluid
reminded Loral of his task. He would have to enter this infested
portal. Loral slipped on his turtle-bone ring and breathed in the
clean air that flowed from the ring's innate mystical power. With a
final look around, he dove into the tainted pit.

A great splash of the vile liquid deposited the cleric into the Plane
of Disease. Loral landed hard on one knee, gritting his teeth. One
hand clutched the Symbol of Tunare around his neck and the other
gripped an ethereal hammer. If the smell of the sewer in Tranquility
was revolting, the smell of this new world was unimaginable. Loral
gagged at first, even with the aid of his magical ring. A fog rolled
over the stone slab where Loral found himself. A great green lake,
foul and thick, surrounded the slab on three sides while a wall of
rotting flesh reached into the grey sky above.

A clap on his shoulder shot Loral upright, sending a wave of nervous
energy down into his fingertips. When he turned, he saw the grin of
two hundred teeth and the emerald eyes of Rasthik the beastlord. If
Loral found himself assaulted by the odor of this place, he could not
imagine how Rasthik was managing to survive. The lizard-man could
smell the blood of a dead Vampyre from a quarter mile away. Loral
heard another splash and Warrick the barbarian shaman fell from the
portal to the slab. Loral noticed that Warrick had taken the less
subtle approach of sticking two twisted rags into his nostrils to
avoid the stench. Loral smiled but his smile quickly faded when he
remembered where he and his friends had come.

Loral had spent weeks in the Library of New Tanaan upon arriving in
the Plane of Knowledge. He had been sent by the Church of Tunare to
investigate the new portals manifesting themselves as books on
pedestals all over Norrath's great cities. While the ethereal nature
of the planes reminded Loral how different they were from Norrath, it
was in the old tomes and dusty parchments of the great library that he
fully lost himself. For Loral they were a king's treasure, rivaling
that of Lord Nagafen the red dragon. For weeks he buried himself in
the precious documents, filled with ancient legends written by hands
dead for centuries. Large candles burned down to their bases as he
passed the days and nights reading the histories of civilizations and
gods long forgotten. It was in those magnificent volumes, covered by
millennia of dirt, mold, and cobwebs, that he discovered the tales of
Lxanvom, the King's Rest, and its exile into the Plane of Disease.

Two wolves ran up the rotten flesh bank of the festering lake. Their
paws floated over the surface, seeming to move half the speed of the
great distance they traveled. When they arrived, the wolves shifted
form into two elven rangers of the Healers, Taey and Brooken. Another
splash from the invisible portal dropped Isos the Paladin onto the
great slab. Together the companions began their trek over the putrid
lands of the Bertoxxulous, the Plaguebringer.

Loral remembered hearing Ciric and Azile talk about the outer Planes.
He always found his mind had trouble wrapping around their concept.
Ciric explained it best once when comparing it to a scale, with
Norrath at the center. Norrath was a balance between good and evil.
Many lands and many people, both good and evil, existed all in one
world. The further out of the scale you went, the less balance things
had. While the Plane of Sky, Growth, and Tranquility were on one side;
Fear, Hate, and Nightmare were on the other. There was little balance
in many of these planes; they were either good or evil. Nowhere was
this clearer than in the Plane of Disease.

Taey's blade severed two of the spined legs of a gigantic insect-like
Malarian. The creature returned the attack by spitting an acidic
liquid on the ranger through its elongated stinger. Taey recoiled and
retched as the acid ate away at her armor and skin. Two of Brooken's
crackling arrows slammed into the bloated abdomen of the winged beast
as it took flight. A quick prayer from Loral sent a wave of blue
energy from his hand to the wounded ranger neutralizing the acid and
soothing Taey's wounds. The creature twisted and stared with giant
compound eyes upon the meddling cleric, its remaining legs clicking
with agitation.

Telepathic visions flooded into Loral's mind - images of the violent
insect ripping Loral's arms off and burrowing its extended maw into
his chest. Loral breathed deeply, canceling the horrific images from
his mind. He raised a hand and a burning red energy of condemnation
crushed the beast's exoskeleton. The creature fell to the ground,
breaking into a cloud of noxious gasses. The party jumped back from
the infectious cloud but then cheered at each other. The victory was
short lived, however, when they saw the spiders, diseased rats and
beetles, flowing ooze, and deformed humanoids waiting for them across
the fleshy hills.

For two days Loral traveled across the vile lands. While some
adventurers left and others joined, the party crossed streams of
sickly bile and walls of scabbed flesh and exposed bone. The world
around them appeared to be a single living thing that simply grew into
chaos. Soon they came to a large set of what appeared to be vertebrae
and beyond it was the first mortal constructed structure they had seen
since the stone slab - The Crypt of Decay.

It was at this ancient structure that Loral witnessed the first
sentient beings of this world, the Magi of Bertoxxulous. Empty eye
sockets of the Deathbone Magi stared blankly at the party, their
rotten chapped lips whispering arcane spells of ancient times. Great
fires erupted around the adventurers, but they were quick to retaliate
and defeat the plagued wizards.

With trepidation the party carefully made their way into the crypt,
having now expanded into two dozen adventurers. It was as they reached
the balcony of the great hall that Gryme, the Crypt Guardian,
attacked. Gryme was enormous, as wide as a hill giant is tall. His
body was covered with exposed bone wrapped in folds of decaying flesh.
His chain-wrapped fists slammed into the front-line attackers of the
raiding force, sending them sliding across the stone floor or hurling
them into the air.

A mighty battle ensued. Dozens of arrows bore deep into the back of
the giant but seemed to harm it little. Wizards, both Gnomish and
Erudite, called forth huge shards of ice and burning rocks upon the
beast. The raiders rushed in, cutting deep into the thick festering
flesh of the creature. With a great heaving breath, Gryme vomited a
cloud of poisonous gas, sending the attackers to their knees. Loral
and the other priests of the raiding force sent wave after wave of
healing energy into those who had been caught within the cloud. Soon
Loral felt the last amount of Tunare's energy leave him. With little
left to do, he drew forth his magical hammer of Judgment and rushed
in. Gryme's iron clad knuckles smashed into Loral. The blow shattered
his nose and knocked him instantly unconscious.

The crack of his nose being pushed back into place jolted Loral awake
but before the wave of pain drove him back to unconsciousness he felt
a warmth of energy flow through him, soothing and mending the bone. He
sat upright, once again gagging as the smell of the accursed land
flooded into his nostrils. The mound of the decaying corpse of Gryme
and the recovering raiding party was nearby. Many had fallen to the
horrid breath of the rotting crypt guardian and many others had been
crushed by his heavily-armored fists.

One of the raiders with the stomach strong enough to approach the
corpse of Gryme, a powerful human warrior named Zarcharius, found a
tiny key attached to a rope around the beast's engorged neck. The grim
warrior looked up towards the stairway that led deeper into the crypt.
It was clear that a good part of him wished he never had found the
key, just as many of his fellow adventurers wish they hadn't stepped
foot into this diseased world. But a gleam in his eye, one of
adventure and discovery, drove him forward. He drew his gleaming
black-runed blade and walked up the ancient staircase of the crypt.
Everyone else followed.


