From 9111148016385207012
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,db429ec12cc24860
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-22 13:01:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!hekyl.ab.tac.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "James" <jamesgrahame@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3BD408C2.9F9DFD12@stny.rr.com>
Subject: Re: Newbie Necro Stuff
Lines: 158
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 4.72.3110.1
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Message-ID: <0U_A7.23057$%K4.4268599@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Mon, 22 Oct 2001 19:58:52 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.72.152
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 1003780732 216.232.72.152 (Mon, 22 Oct 2001 13:58:52 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 22 Oct 2001 13:58:52 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:128473


jaZZmanian Devil wrote in message <3BD408C2.9F9DFD12@stny.rr.com>...
>At one point I went through and created several characters to try out
>the different classes.

    This is an excellent idea. It teaches you how other characters think, so
you can understand bizarre group behaviour when you encounter it. It exposes
you to other areas of expertise - when you can't handle more than one mob,
you learn about single pulling fast. And if you play one of the "highly
soloable" classes, you'll be able to relax when the pressures of playing the
main get too high.

>Lately I've been thinking that this winter I
>want to try my necro I made for soloing purposes once in a while. I made
>him totally untwinked (ok, he had enough money for all of his level one
>and four spells, but that's it. Still wearing newbie robe, carrying
>newbie dagger, etc.) And has only been played to level two. Just to make
>it a really teeth-grinding challenge, I made him a human too. (Eeeek!)
>I have no real experience in soloable classes, nor pet classes, and had
>some qeustions.

    This was the class to pick for soloing. It's so easy you'll feel like
you're cheating somehow. Soon you'll be saying phrases like "bah, it's
evened out here - time to move on".

>First of all, the faction thing. I'm a human necro worshipping Innoruk,
>but somehow the FP Militia guards are ok with me (apprehensive). How
>about the Knights of Truth in N. FP? Am I KOS there?

    Others have reported that you should be Dubious. From playing Jakugg
you'll know how to fix it and what NPCs are safe to /con to figure out how
you're doing.

>I mean, I'll
>eventually need a bank, and I assume I'm KOS in Nectulous, being human.

    IIRC you won't be KOS in parts of Neriak. Humans actually have pretty
good faction for whatever religion/class they pick, by and large. Again,
from Jakugg you know the areas of Neriak to avoid, like the ghouls near the
necro guild (which are KOS to all non-Inny, non-DE characters).

>Also along the lines of faction, how do guards, particularly the FP
>Militia, feel about necro pets?

    The pet has the same faction as the owner. Whatever would attack you
will attack the pet, modulo level. And whatever wouldn't attack you won't
attack the pet.

>And will I pick up the bad faction from my pet and be killed also?


    If something aggros on Goner, it comes for you next. Soon you, too, will
know the joys of wondering "where's my pet" while getting "Taunting
Attacker" messages.

>Weapons: Currently using the newbie dagger (piercing skill). Was going
>to look for a cracked staff or something more "necro looking". (Scythe,
>maybe? he he). Which weapons skill is most common for necro's to focus
>on, if any, and how long does a necro usually keep meleeing?

    They don't melee long. They don't really need to melee for long. More on
gear later.

>That ties into this question... I realize that fighting in the newbie
>field throwing a level one pet against level one or two bats and bugs
>isn't much of an example to base things on, but do necros generally keep
>on fighting alongside the pet through most of their career?

    Heck, no. Like all INT casters, a necro is a fragile thing. Mostly,
they'll Fear things to avoid pet death. Later on they also get pet-specific
healing spells, and spells that allow them to transfer their own HPs to a
target, so the pet can stand against a target for longer.

>I noticed that
>we could take a yellow beetle together by melee, but if I tried to let
>the pet solo it while I cast Disease Cloud and Lifetap, it killed the
>pet and I had to finish it off myself.

    At starting levels it's a balancing act between how much you let the pet
tank, and when you come in to distract the mob onto yourself. Make a "/pet
report health" hotkey, and use it frequently to gauge how fast the pet is
dying. As you know from having to taunt with Jakugg, if either you or the
pet get too low in health the mobs will frenzy on that person and be
untauntable, and that will spell trouble.

>Having never played a true solo character or pet class (no, the
>untwinked wizard doesn't count) I know nothing of the strategy. I see I
>get fear at level 4 and I understand that's a key factor. What are the
>general lower level (say, pre-20) strategies?

    I'll give you a general idea about necro strategy. You'll discover the
rest as you go along. Basic idea: pull a solo yellow mob. Cast Darkness line
to snare it, other DoTs as required to help kill it, then Fear it. As Fear
wears off, re-Fear. As Darkness wears off, re-Darkness if the mob is still
at higher life. Almost always you'll have your Dark Pact line buff up, which
slowly eats your HPs and gives back mana. If you dip low in life, drop a
lifetap on the mob (perhaps to pull). Later in life you get the Leech line,
DoTs that also give you a short-term regen effect - you'll use them a lot.
Using these methods you will blender through mobs so fast it'll make you
wonder why you ever played another class.

>What spells that you get
>at what levels really make a difference in your style and strategy to be
>able to effectively hunt?

    The big spells are Darkness line and Fear. Leech line helps a ton, as
does Dark Pact line. Deadeye is a great infravision/See Invis self-buff, but
with the recent changes to lighting in EQ I find myself casting it less and
less.

>Am I really doomed to all outdoor zones only when soloing?

    My necro went to twenty in The Warrens, and just moved out to Stonebrunt
Mountains last night. You are so mighty that "mere" blues are easy - that's
what I'd recommend killing in dungeons.

>Does any
>necro ever survive alone in any of the good dungeons before they are
>totally greened out?

    Mine did. It's a combination of knowing the dungeon, and gear. I found
that my pet, pre-20, could tank two blues for a fair amount of time before
dying. So I found places where I would pull no more than two blues to the
pet. Double DoT the one you sic the pet on with REAL DoTs, like Poison Bolt,
Heat Blood, Heart Flutter - darkness line does pretty low damage. Then stand
in and tank the second while the pet kills the first. If you have a
lifetap-line spell memmed that's fast-casting enough, you can usually
chain-cast it on the second mob without being interrupted to keep your own
life up. Leech helps here, too - I'd pull the first mob with this. After the
pet finishes the first mob, I'd assess pet health (can he tank the second
the rest of the way?) and either stay in melee or back off. Renew Leech on
the second mob to help with mana regen, Darkness it to stop it running, and
sit and med while Goner finishes off things. Maybe lifetap a bit more to get
health back to a comfortable spot, or to speed up the kill.

    Gear? Well, twink, of course! As a human, you can wear Flayed Skin
armour, which is a random rare drop in Karnor's (which is just the right
level range for Jakugg). This stuff is bronze-level AC, all visible slots
except gloves, has HPs, resists, INT, STR - pretty much everything you'd
want in armour, and striking looks. Other cheap items to twink with would
include Silver Jade rings, Gold Jade Bracer, Orc Fang Earrings, a Stein of
Moggok for one hand, a Mithril Quill for a weapon (or a Harvester when you
decide you no longer need a weapon), Frozen Mantle/Embroidered Black Mantle,
Kunzar Cloak (also drops in Karnor's)... you get the idea. Items with
relatively high AC, items with HPs, items with plus MANA as opposed to INT
for low level. The Mithril Quill is a neat piercer - 4/19 plus 20 HPs. The
speed means you get skill up fast, and also lets you take advantage of a
lifetap proc buff you get around level 12 or so - it should go off once per
combat in my experiences. Since if you're indoors you're meleeing anyways.

>So many questions..... so little prozac.

    Heh, just when you thought you were out.....

    James





