From -751000507480299478
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,977c9f1ffb0a4dc7
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-06 06:52:54 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Despondency
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <f22urt482fbk72i2caciqdvi6dtc8cc03m@4ax.com>
References: <FE1Z5OAH8sv7EwtU@gaffe.demon.co.uk>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 126
Date: Sat, 06 Oct 2001 13:52:54 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1002376374 24.3.225.40 (Sat, 06 Oct 2001 06:52:54 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 06 Oct 2001 06:52:54 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:124011

On Sat, 6 Oct 2001 10:29:43 +0100, Dilettante <del@gaffe.demon.co.uk>
wrote:

>
>Ho-hum.
>
>Been playing EQ for nearly 2 years now. When I think about it, I'm
>astonished it's kept my interest for so long. Especially when I consider
>what is wrong with it, game-wise. It makes your life difficult from the
>start. The controls and interface are clumsy and not intuitive. 

This is just another case where EQ continues to amaze me though. You
THINK the controls and interface in EQ are clumsy and non intuitive
until you play DAOC or AO then you find yourself going "Why the hell
can't this just be as simple as EQ?"


>Poxy
>computer generated sprites invariably outstrip the character you pour
>precious hours of your life into in ability from around level 8 (without
>serious twinking). It's tedious getting around by yourself, the zones
>(especially the expansion zones) are too large and for no particular
>reason other than to give you a fleeting sense of wonder as you stumble
>across them for the first time. After that, it becomes a chore. You can
>get friends and hire people to transport you, but I don't particularly
>enjoy bothering people for things that ought to be trivial; I'm paying
>to be entertained. Treks across miles of land aren't challenging,
>they're boring.

The key to that is unfortunately knowledge of how the game works,
geography and how the other inmates you play with respond to those
things. This knowledge will help you making the extremely horrible
trip to warrens and stonebrunt only to find them totally empty soon or
hard to group in as you should have kind of figured they'd be. 
Its understanding that you can get a bind in FV or overthere and
basically feed off that area quite well without having to move much
for 20 levels. So really you only have to make a couple treks here and
there. 

Some people make the design worse than it is by going to to basically
the wrong areas for them which are either almost always too
undercrowded or too overcrowded. The thing is that they seem to WANT
to do so. Even now with so much more to do I hear people in my guild
saying at times that they have waited an hour and a half for a group
in solb or something. To me that is amazing. I've never waited even 10
minutes anywhere for a group. I also have NEVER grouped in solb, not
ever, not once. Get it? I simply don't set myself up for what I know
are going to be headaches in situations which depend upon other
people.


>Still, I have done quite a fair bit. Slain countless enemies, including
>Dragons, Giants and Gods. Travelled, quested, and acquired a small
>fortune in equipment in money. There's still lots of things I could do,
>but the pointier weapons have lost their charm, and the armour it's
>lustre. The game has taken up far too much of my time and energy.
>Several times now I've stayed up well into the morning of the next day,
>just to further the causes of myself and my friends and comrades.

I felt the same way kind of, then I went and bought/played AO for
about a month plus. Suddenly EQ seemed really fantastic again ;) I
guess you could say I got perspective ;)

I recognize that I am bitten by the mmorpg/social big graphical mud
bug. It really doesn't matter what type of one I play in particular
(sci fi/fantasy etc) but rather that it is the best one around. EQ is
unfortunately still really the best one around and is miles ahead of
the others despite some rather very old design problems The weird
thing is, as you say, they refuse to ever really admit they are wrong
in EQ with downtime and such but if you read THEIR OWN faq for star
wars galaxies it seems to slam the downtime (obviously in EQ, though
that is not mentioned) as much as every other new mmorpg's faq does
when a player asks "Will I have to sit around camping with downtime
and such for blah blah." 


>Ah... my friends. The people I encounter. It's the people that transform
>this game from a Sisyphean 3D Pacman into an enrapturing social
>smorgasbord. Arbitrarily enforced community or not, the people in EQ is
>the biggest hook.

Yep, its just a mix you can't get from playing a single player game.


>That said, no game should cause you to think while trying to have a good
>time "I'm wasting my life." No game should put such unreasonable demands
>on it's players' time for the return it gives.

Aahah I think that a lot, but honestly I then think that I'd be
wasting my life anyway. I guess some people MIGHT be playing EQ at the
exclusion of other activities but me I use EQ to fill in those times
where I have no activities anyway. 95 percent of the time I bother to
be in EQ if I was not in EQ I'd be loitering in IRC (which is pretty
similar really with guild chat and one not) in a channel which had
nothing to do with EQ or I'd be goofing around on the internet in
general.


>I haven't played for weeks. Think I'll log in to help with a plane raid,
>and see how I feel. 

Plane raids really suck, maybe that is the problem. I find I can only
take so much of them. Lately I play a lower character or two much of
the time and have been fun playing "Raise the Impossible Faction!"
with my dark elf cleric of innoruuk and that blessed one use halfling
mask. Then when really bored I'll go jump in a plane raid with my main
for a bit to break things up.

The way I think of it is this:

If I learned anything from EQ its how to make due and make things
still playable in a game that I also don't think is that great. So
when an mmorpg, in some unspecified eon from now, comes along which
actually does things well and is well designed boy will that seem
great to me If I can get by in this pile of crud ;)

Maybe its kind of like having a spouse you have been with for a long
time. Yeah they do this and that which never felt suited to you or the
way you do things and maybe at times you meet people who give you
brief imressions that they were the person you should be with but in
the end you find that spouse is the one you depend on and after all
these years when you come home at the end of the day, you still get
some fine quality loving sometimes.


Email: dstephenAThomeDOTcom


