From 4884256620331901201
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e0ab79c8e19e1a07
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 26 Jul 2004 04:57:15 -0500
Date: Mon, 26 Jul 2004 05:57:14 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Grage's Coldain Rings (2)
References: <bqqdnaNDealrL5_cRVn-uQ@dejazzd.com> <H9mdne9rcJjY0pncRVn-gg@dejazzd.com> <ZZ6dnUwxjL5AzZncRVn-rw@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <ZZ6dnUwxjL5AzZncRVn-rw@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <7q2dnWMgGYHmSJncRVn-ig@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 89
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.216.167.170
X-Trace: sv3-PJDe+YaeXUPKEZZpZxcMP9fZMajJJlDZWVJXbAqu7OqJLXJL/ev+1MFMtN5g6w6XpPvE1LNtycG3DNN!OTEL7npobVUTh20A8OUTcPI68eSEAPh8E1TLSgBK/cHJoIJFc8iPB3jYDfUP8i8xUEWDAjMw7C59
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11051

Followed Garadain's text to get the next quest part, a note, which is 
apparantly broken, as you don't actually seem to use the note for anything.

Then I went off to find Tain, and couldn't.  Hadn't written down his 
location, remembered seeing him due west of the bridge, where he wasn't, 
roamed around a while, then finally logged out and logged in my bard, 
ran him from Abysmal Sea to EW

Thats magus to Nedaria's, Magus to North Ro, Translocator to Iceclad, 
SSBoots and Selos to EW.  The world is very small these days when you're 
a bard.  Bard track is short ranged enough that I still couldn't spot 
the guy while on the bridge, but running out east still lev'd and 
selo'd, it didn't take long to spot him, he's a bit SE of the bridge 
rather than due east.

I marked the spot on my map, and for good measure sent a cross server 
tell to my friend with the location.  Logged out bard and back in 
Berserk... to find that the map was not marked!  I swear I'd done this 
same thing in the past, had bard on different server mark a spot for my 
mage.  Apparantly not, or else I did something different or else they 
changed the way it works.  Perhaps you have to log out to desktop for 
the map change to work on other character?

Well, I knew the approximate spot now, and my friend was standing at the 
location so it was easy to find.

We buffed up and formulated a plan, which I executed.

First, I tried to hand the note to Tain, but got the message "are you 
sure you want to drop your note to Tain on the ground?"  Well no, I 
didn't want to do that.  So I hailed him, got some text with the word 
help.  Said I'd help, he stood up, shouted that they were coming right 
for him (or at least he would have said that if this was South Park 
instead of EQ), and something about how he needed the elixer from Ghrek, 
and lay back down.

On the hill to the east were four giants, streaming right down at us.  I 
charged them, clicked on them to target one, flung a damage axe into 
whoever I'd targetted, and ran straight thru the middle of the cluster, 
taking about 25% of my hp bar in damage on the run thru but aggroing 
them all before they got near Tain.  Ran off to the north with them on 
my tail, quickly typed /target Ghrek (this would have been easier if I'd 
known the name in advance, but I hadn't written it down), but he was too 
far away to target.  I got the command on my cursor again (shift upkey) 
and stopped running long enough to let them catch me, hit enter and got 
him, took off running again, now down to 67% hp.  Ghrek is an even con 
to me, level 43.

I slapped my Leg Cut hotkey and successfully snared him, kept running 
but circled to the west, saw his hp bar start to drop.  I looped on 
around to the south and headed for the coldain camp with the rest of the 
giants on my tail... I kept checking and they were still back there, but 
kept Ghrek on my target so I could see how he and my friend were doing. 
  His snare dropped out, but by now my beastlord friend was taking 
damage, so he wasn't behind me anymore.

I reached the southern coldain camp just as he died, ran thru there and 
looked for messages telling me they were aggroing on my chasers, but 
nothing, spun around to look, no giants.  Running back north along my 
path towards the loc of the corpse, no giants.  Apparantly they despawned.

Got to corpse, looted elixer, went to Tain location... no Tain.

My friend and I waited a good 45 minutes in that spot, killing all and 
sundry passerbys, which wasn't terrible exp and yeilded some quest parts 
for her, but the guy didn't show back up.

Eventually I logged out to do some chores, as did she.  When I logged 
back in later, Tain was up, so somewhere between 45 minuts and an hour 
and a half.

I hailed him again, told him I'd help, and he again stood up and did his 
Cartman imitation, flopped back down.  I quickly gave him the elixer 
(which was on my cursor ready), then took off due west as the giants ran 
to him from the east and took him out like lightning, dropped right off 
my target indicator.

Ran on to Garadain, didn't look back to see if the giants were with me 
too... they weren't.  Handed in ring and Tain's deal, got fourth ring.

So far its AC 4 Str 4 SvM 4, certainly nothing I'll wear even over my AC 
4 HP 45 ring.

Next ring is Scarbrow from a pack of orc oracles, I guess I'll need more 
firepower than a single beastlord buddy.  Lucky I've been building a 
friends list as I level up.

Grage, 43 Berserk with Platinum Ring, Luclin



