From -5466971886937940511
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8c767520419e3a47,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-07-28 15:23:11 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!west.cox.net!east.cox.net!cox.net!p01!lakeread03.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Black <ireally@hatespam.blah>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5b) Gecko/20030716 Thunderbird/0.1a
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of War, Part 1 (Zekna, Sullon Zek)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 204
Message-ID: <inhVa.76504$b03.75043@lakeread03>
Date: Mon, 28 Jul 2003 18:23:07 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.96.206.211
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: lakeread03 1059430990 68.96.206.211 (Mon, 28 Jul 2003 18:23:10 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 28 Jul 2003 18:23:10 EDT
Organization: Cox Communications
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:294897

(The following is based on actual events on Sullon Zek.  Only minor 
changes have been made.  Names have not been altered.)

Chapter 1
=========

In a land of strife-within-order, a young Guktan warrior rests in the 
slumber of the deeply wounded, dreaming uneasily of dark elves and 
desert madmen...

...while in another plane of existence, where none go godless and open 
war, without quarter, exists between the forces of light and dark and 
in-between, another Vah Shir joins the ranks of the Khati Sha.

Her name is Zekna, and she is very much a child of her environment. All 
her life, she has lived within the walls of Shar Vahl, knowing of the 
war and listening to the tales of adults, eavesdropping on the stories 
of blood and predation. Her parents would have kept her a child forever, 
or pressed her into service as a crafter like themselves, but her heart 
yearns toward battle and heeds the call of the wild and of the forces of 
the light. Tunare calls -- for, in this plane, not even the Vah Shir are 
agnostic and have cleaved themselves to the Earth-Goddess -- and her 
daughter answers.

She sets to her tasks with a will, though soon learns to curse her 
clumsy fingers, which three times fail to make the neophyte claws as 
Animist Poren orders. She has only recently (she thinks) figured out the 
trick to lure the young rockhoppers out of hiding in the city pit, but 
even then it is hard to harvest proper hopperclaws from them, and 
eventually she seeks out Shadeweaver's Thicket for rockhopper hides, 
thinking that by the hunting of rockhopper hides and the making of 
tattered armor, she will become skilled enough to make her claws.

It is a good place, the Thicket, and often quiet. She makes herself busy 
hunting payala fruits for one of the merchants and does errands for Kaza 
Raj in order to win Ghulam boots and gloves. She collects shadeling 
silks and swirling shadows, thinking to sell them some day at the 
Bazaar. She picks up garbage and is rewarded with a magic backpack that 
makes things put into it lighter. Occasionally, she sniffs the air and 
smells the enemy, but she never sees them and they do not bother her.

Until today.

She has reached the 8th rank, and much of it has been done in the city 
pit. She wears tattered and cloth and padded armor and wields a horned 
weapon that she bought for cheap at a Shadeweaver merchant and a shield 
she looted from a dead grimling skeleton. From one ear hangs Dharr's 
earring-lure; on one finger is a ring from Chialle. She is on her way to 
skin a recently-dead saurek hopper when she runs into them... or rather, 
when THEY run into HER.

"They" are a half-elf bard and an Iksar of unknown caste, wielding a 
spear. The half-elf sings a song of destruction that engulfs the young 
Vah Shir and kills her within moments. But the laws of the land are thus 
that no one truly dies unless the gods wish it, and she wakes on the 
bridge from Shar Vahl to Shadeweavers, a little befuddled and only 
mildly bemused.

"So," she says to herself. "That is what the needle-clawed hoppers feel 
like when I kill them."

She has all of her equipment and feels like she lost nothing, so starts 
back toward the thicket, but in the tunnel she meets them again, this 
pair, and this time the bard sings a different song, and Zekna loses 
control of her body. Caught in mid-turn, she is able to do nothing but 
continue turning, spinning around and around while her mind struggles to 
regain power over her limbs.

She feels the bard's eyes upon her, inspecting her equipment.

"Give me your weapon," the bard demands at last.

Zekna cannot believe her ears. She can sense the power of this half-elf, 
and it is far beyond hers. What does she need with metal claws that cost 
less than a gold piece?

The Iksar hisses. "Give her your weapon, cat! You are under the power of 
Windie Mez-For-An-Hour-Or-Two... Give her your weapon and we'll let you go."

Bandits and bullies! Zekna thinks. She still cannot stop spinning, but 
her jaws work... and so do her hands, a little. She refuses them, and 
makes a rude gesture.

Death comes swiftly at the Iksar's hand. They laugh at her... and Zekna 
begins to laugh back. How absurd! She has nothing they can have use for, 
she provides no challenge to them... she doesn't even need, yet, to 
recover her equipment from her corpse!

They don't like her laughter, and again Zekna dies. Something snaps 
within the Khati Sha's mind.

Reforming at the edge of the bridge, Zeka springs nimbly down the rocks 
into the pit. Bards are quick on their feet, she knows, and they can 
track, but damned if she was going to simply stay put to be slaughtered 
like a xakra larva! And, indeed, the bard finds her quickly enough and 
once more the Vah Shir finds herself almost frozen, unable to do more 
than talk or make faint gestures.

"I'm not going to give you anything, you know that?" Zekna says. She'd 
been running in a straight line this time, and each time the bard's song 
pulses, her body jerks forward, trying to keep running.

The bard doesn't like that and slashes Zekna's flesh; blood stains the 
white-and-black striped fur. Again, Windie demands Zekna's weapon, and 
again the Vah Shir refuses.

The bard begins to mock her then, in song degrading the beastlord's 
choice to have been born Vah Shir instead of an Iksar like her 
companion. It's absurd, incredibly absurd.

"Gimmie yer weapon," the bard says again.

"Not a chance," the Vah Shir replies.

"Your helm?"

"Nope."

"Okay, then," the bard says, and yawns.

She's spinning again. How did that happen? Time has lost some of it's 
meaning, and a small part of Zekna wonders if she's gone a little bit mad.

"This is funny," Windie says at last.

"It is, yes," Zekna replies.

"Haven't done this in a while. But this sure is fun."

No reply.

"You like my last name?"

Mez-For-An-Hour-Or-Two? "I think it's pretty stupid, actually," says the 
rotating Vah Shir.

"Well, you don't have a sense of humor."

Zekna smiles. It's funny. Just too funny. "Oh, I do. Your surname is 
still stupid. Just like the fact that you're mugging a young'un who's 
pretty much still wearing cloth, padded, and tattered, with a weapon 
that costs maybe one gold piece, tops."

The bard's song ends. Though she has control of her limbs again, Zekna 
knows there's little use in running away. Instead, she runs in circles 
around the half-elf, and begins a turn just as she hears the bard 
beginning the mesmerizing song again.

Spinning, spinning.

Still, the bard seems impressed, though at what Zekna isn't sure. Or 
perhaps the evil singer is just growing bored.

"You have a good sense of humor about this," says Windie. "Tell you 
what. Shout aloud that I own you and I'll let you go."

Inwardly, Zekna shrugs. Why not? She draws in a good lungful of air, 
inhaling with the diaphram, and roars as loudly as she can.

"Attention Shar Vahl! Windie owns my stripey butt!"

Some time passes.

"I lied," says the bard. "Sorry."

Zekna roars again. "Alas, but Windie's also a dishonorable hairless 
monkey who doesn't keep her word. Oh, well!"

Funny. Funny, funny, funny.

"I'm glad," Zekna yells, "that Vah Shir don't get dizzy, otherwise I'd 
probably be puking hairballs all over the pit. Ha!"

More spinning. Zekna closes her eyes, knowing that it can't last forever 
and giggling to herself. Yes, I've definitely gone mad, she thinks, and 
this only makes her giggle more.

The Iksar rejoins the bard and beats her to within an inch of life. 
Barely conscious, she lies on the ground of the crater and listens to 
their voices.

"Do you love us?" the Iksar hisses.

"Not really," Zekna manages to say, through split lips and blood. The 
ground is, oddly, comfortable.

"Well," says the Iksar, with fanged humor, "we love YOU. That's why 
we're letting you live!"

He tweaks her ear and they run off.

When she's recovered enough to sit up, Zekna roars to the city again, 
"Farewell, Lady Monkey and Lord Lizard!" She gets to her feet and limps 
back toward the inner city, hardly bothering to listen to their return 
shouts.

Returning to her quarters, she collapses into bed and is soon in a deep 
sleep.

(To be continued...)

-- Zekna, Vah Shir Beastlord, Sullon Zek
-- Renni, Froglok Warrior, Firiona Vie



