From 1832336511642805626
X-Google-Thread: fb739,665325fdecedae6e,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsread.com!newsstand.newsread.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 13 Nov 2004 19:19:46 -0600
Date: Sat, 13 Nov 2004 20:19:49 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Server Transfers
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <acudnbodr4wvLwvcRVn-3A@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 90
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.146
X-Trace: sv3-spT31V/HjMT4jrqeZHaTruAZIAGK/2IrdMUwQcxufPXrl4Qc7H5Wake/TN3p3QTTR7G2WuFx6GxAiWt!3iBX7ixO0xCA36Y8eO/Plt0pKhmVbtZTXyZcPbfB0ROSkg1v90odOpFCZnVEG1G5/0/8AZolbD9Z
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.20
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:23134

One thing always bothered me about EQ; you set up your character on a 
server, and there he stays.  There are a bunch of people there with you, 
but there are a lot of other servers, and each of them has its own bunch 
of people.

If you meet someone, in "real life" or on a newsgroup or whatever, who 
plays EQ, odds are you aren't on the same server as them.

Initially, choices were for one or both of you to start a new character 
on the same server as the other.  Later, they introduced the ability to 
pay real world cash in order to move, stripped of your gear.

I lived with that, didn't complain about it, its the way they wanted it.

But in retrospect, I don't think I like it.

Look at how EQ2 is apparantly running crowded areas; instancing.  A 
crowded area gets split into several identicle versions of that area, 
with different groups of people in them.  If you enter an area thats 
split, you (as I understand it) get to pick which instance you enter. 
If you have buddies who want to join you, you make a point of all 
entering the same instance.  If not, you enter whichever (can you pick 
by least or most crowded... or do you just have to go randomly by name?)

Whats cool about that is that it prevents overcrowding, while allowing 
large numbers of people to share a world.  You might not meet all the 
people that are currently in zone X (because they are in X1, X2, or X3, 
and you only enter one), but later you'll be in some other zone with 
them.  Better, anyone on your server -can- meet up with you if you both 
want to do that.

Meanwhile, though, you still can't hook up with a RL buddy and get 
together without scrapping a character, unless you just happen to be on 
the same server.

Worse, you only get four characters total; you may have to literally 
scrap a character, instead of the EQ1 situation where you just start a 
new one, don't have to destroy one to make room.

This strikes me as a step backwards, while demonstrating that the whole 
idea isn't necessary.

Why do they make it difficult to move from server to server?  Whats 
wrong with that?

A) Running out of names.  This is probably the biggest stopper.  But I 
think it would be easily solved by adding surnames.  Heck, add a code 
for which server you created the character on: Bergh Brelltender MT 
would be different from Bergh Brelltender FV if someone actually created 
someone of the same name.  You'd still only need to include enough of 
the name to make it uniquely identifiable among the people who are 
currently on your server, so if there's only one Bergh, then thats fine, 
but if there are two, you need to at least start the last name.  Worst 
comes to worst, there's still only one Bergh Brelltender per server, so 
the MT or FV part will definately do it.

B) Running away from your reputation.  This is one I see referenced a 
lot.  I think by and large that its bogus.  I saw perhaps 5 people in 5 
years with enough of a negative reputation for it to matter.  I never 
saw anyone with a positive enough reputation for it to matter. 
Reputation matters, for the most part, within the confines of the guild 
structure.  I don't see what stops that from continuing to be true.

C) Cash for transfers.  Does SOE really make that much money from this? 
  I think its a drop in the bucket for them.

D) Difficulty of transfers.  I don't buy this one either, but my point 
isn't that its not true in EQ1, rather, that in a New MMOG, they could 
design such that this wouldn't be a problem, even if it -is- in EQ1

E) Overcrowding of the popular servers.  No, this doesn't make sense to 
me; if it gets too crowded, people will move on.  If they don't, then it 
isn't too crowded after all.

F) Mobs like the Sleeper being blown by wandering guilds.  OK, Sleeper 
was lame anyway.  But I do feel your pain on the other "high quality 
targets".  On the other hand, I feel that they too, are lame; if I want 
to go after uber mob X, then I should be able to, even if it means 
moving to another server where its not camped.  Doesn't matter if thats 
the final boss mob of the whole game, or just Emperor Crush.  Of the 
lot, though, this is the only one I have any sympathy for; using mob 
rarity is a design choice they made, and my idea pretty much breaks that 
idea.

So thats my thought: keep the servers, but let me log on to whichever I 
choose, with any of my characters.  I promise not to complain about the 
low number of characters if I'm not stuck destroying one in order to go 
play with some other friends.

Thoughts?


