From 8950704949006346893
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ae8189f8e41d4601,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-25 04:28:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: A milestone week for Winterfury
Date: Thu, 25 Mar 2004 04:28:36 -0800
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <1065k25i11g0s84@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Winterfury Thunderwolf" <abuse@fcc.gov>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 84
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:25428

This was a remarkable week for Winterfury. On Sunday night he was getting a
friend flagged for vxed, the first mountain trial in the Gates of Discord.
These trials are challenging, fun, and they open the way to the restricted
zone of Kod'Taz, the final launching point for high-end GoD expeditions and
raids. I had previously won the necessary trials to get into KT and have
been trying very hard to get my friends flagged so that they can join me
inside.

I'm not big on farming or camping so I'd kinda resigned myself to the idea
that I might never see the new Shaman spells in GoD, or if I did they would
be expensive Bazaar purchases. The last thing I expected was to loot any of
these new spells while working on trials. I'd done zillions of trials and
never once saw a SHM spell drop. But wouldn't you know it, on one particular
kill (Umbicki, the named cragbeast), I was stunned to see the looter link
Spell: Balance of the Nihil. This is the new Shaman slow that has a 1.5
second cast time and a built-in -40 MR. It's one of the most sought after
spells in the Shaman community and I had yet to see one on our server. There
was no question among my groupmates who would get the spell, and they all
immediately sang a chorus of "Grats!" as it sunk in that I had fortuitously
come into possession of the one spell that I wanted more than any other.

But my luck didn't stop there. A few random trash mob kills later and
ANOTHER of the new shaman spells dropped: Spell: Daluda's Mending, the new
1550hp quick heal. Once again, "Gratz!" all around and suddenly I had TWO of
the new Shaman spells, from one hunt!

I had come a long way with Winterfury unguilded and as I saw the new
challenges facing him at 65, I came to feel that I *do* want the company of
guildmates to face these together. And so I began searching for the right
guild and eventually decided to apply to one of the two time-flagged guilds
on our server.  While my friend and I were working on this trial in vxed,
some friends of mine in this guild were on a mini-raid in Fear. I told them
to let me know if they came across a child's tear, the next piece I needed
for my Epic.

So we went on with the trial and my friend got her flag, making us both
deliriously happy. During the final hailing of the NPC to get the flag, I
got a tell from one of the Fear raiders that a tear was available to loot if
I could get there in 6 minutes. Hah! I ran like hell and I swear these
Barbarian legs have never moved faster. I pulled a huge train of spectres
around with me as I ran around looking for the zone in to Fear, and finally
emerged from the cave and jumped into the portal, where a COTH team was
standing by to deliver me immediately to the corpse of the broodling bearing
my epic piece. I joined the group, got COTH'd, looked around for the corpse,
ran over and looted it with 30 seconds left on the clock. Woot!

As part of the rather lengthy application process associated with the guild,
I am expected to attend at least 10 raids. I had recently completed the 10th
and was waiting on the 30-day evaluation period to conclude so that the
membership could vote on my application. Because these guys are
Time-flagged, they take me on some pretty interesting raids and even though
I've completed that requirement I still attend the raids because they're
just so much fun.

When I arrived the next day for a PoF raid I was a little bummed because I
hadn't heard anything yet on my application and I thought the time was
overdue for my vote. After adding over 100 aa's, waiting 30 days and
attending 12 raids, I figured we should both know by now if this guild and I
were a good fit or not. When I inquired of my sponsor, all he said was
"takes time, probably won't know for another week, chill". Grrrr.

And so I was pretty surprised when I arrived at the raid and was greeted
with a guild invite and a hell of a surprise welcome as I joined guildchat
for the first time.

And oh yes, sometime between that vxed flag for my friend and the guild
invite, I managed to win the roll on a Cap of Drowned Souls from the fire
boss Thunderclap in BoT tower. And on the folowwing day during a tipt trial,
I won the roll on a nice HP30/Endurance 30 aug dropped by the enraged mother
cragbeast. I stuck it in the Cap.

Aye, one helluva week!
-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
<Resolution>
Elder Barbarian Prophet of 65 Winters
Citizen of Firiona Vie
www.magelo.com/eq_view_profile.html?num=875942







