From 18166854187023553
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,950ddfdfdc96d711
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-28 13:08:58 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: cyrakis@yahoo.com (Cyrakis)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: From Diablo 2 to Everquest ?
Date: 28 Jan 2002 13:08:58 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 86
Message-ID: <e7e9a223.0201281308.5b38d044@posting.google.com>
References: <a33f73$eb$1@reader05.wxs.nl>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 198.102.112.18
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1012252138 29760 127.0.0.1 (28 Jan 2002 21:08:58 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 28 Jan 2002 21:08:58 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:161253

"Michiel de Boer" <auverlandGEENRECLAME@hotmail.com> wrote in message news:<a33f73$eb$1@reader05.wxs.nl>...
> Hi,
> 
> - is pvp possible ?

I'll focus on your PvP questions, since the others have been addessed
adequately by other posters.

If you are intereested in PvP, you will want to create your character
on one of the 4 PvP servers. These servers are:

Rallos Zek - The first PvP server. This server is a free-for-all pvp
environment. Anyone can attack anyone else, at any time, with certain
level restrictions. I think the level limit on rallos is 4 levels,
plus or minus. So you can only fight people that are within 4 levels
of yourself. In addition, Rallos is the only server that allows item
loot from PvP. If you PK someone, you can loot all their coin, and one
inventory item, other than items in the hands of the victim. You can't
loot a warriors sword, for example, but you can loot his armor.

Tallon Zek, and Vallon (sp?) Zek - The first of the team-PvP servers.
These servers have pre-defined teams, based on the character races
available in the game. There is a shorty team, a human team, an elf
team, and an evil team. Players can attack anyone that is not a member
of their own team, and is within 8 levels of their own level. There is
no item loot, but you can loot a victims coin.

In practice, these servers have largely de-evolved from the original
team concept. It started with various "good" races forming cross-team
guilds, i.e. elves and humans, and shorties grouping together. Now the
dominant guilds are largely fully cross-teaming guilds that include
members from all the original "teams". These guilds are widely
despised by the players that prefer the racial team approach, but they
are popular because they have the best opportunity to get "uber lewt".
Cross teaming guilds generally use the "exploit" of having healers of
the same race as those that they want to PK, in order to have an
invulnerable healer present. So an example would be a human monk
killing trolls, with the assistance of a troll shaman to keep the monk
healed. The victims of the human monk can not attack his healer,
because they are on the same "team" as the troll shaman that is
healing the monk.

Sullon Zek - the diety team-PvP server

Sullon Zek is team PvP, except the teams are defined by your
characters choice of diety. Some dieties are considered evil, some
neutral, and some good. The teams are "hardcoded" meaning that members
of one team can not group with, or be in a guild with, members of
another team. You can not even cast beneficial spells on people from a
different team. This little feature makes the cross-teaming guilds of
TZ, and VZ impossible on this server.

Sullon Zek also does away with level limits. You can attack, and be
attacked by anyone from an opposing team, regardless of level.
However, newbies get a grace period of like 6 levels before they
become pvp enabled. In addition, you CAN lose experience on Sullon
Zek, if you are killed by another player. You only lose experience
though, if your killer was within 8 levels of yourself. If you kill
someone who is within this 8 level limit, you get to loot their money,
AND you get to loot a token that is representative of the victims god.
So kill a tunare worshiper and you get a little coin that says "emblem
of tunare" or somesuch. These tokens are like trophies indicating your
prowess in PvP, and can effect your "score". Sullon Zek keeps track of
PvP action, and maintains scores for all the players. There is a web
page on the everquest web site that shows the rankings of the players.
It also ranks guild's in terms of PvP. This is a really cool feature
that you don't get on any other EQ server, because individuals can
gain notoriety. When the number 1 ranked PK enters a zone, people take
notice.

One other thing of note about Sullon Zek is that many of the "rules"
of behavior are gone. The only rule enforced by Verant is the rule
against offensive speach. There are no rules that say you get to loot
your corpse freely. Other players are free to wait at your corpse, and
PK you again while you are naked, potentially causing you additional
experience loss. People can also intentionally use the NPC monsters to
kill other players (known as training in game). All these anti-social
acts are allowed, because it is assumed that players can settle their
own differences. If someone is repeatedly harrasing you and being an
ass, then you are expected to camp the jerks corpse and cost him
several levels in experience to teach him to be nice.

One other big difference on Sullon Zek, is that you can only have 1
character on the server, instead of the usual eight. This tends to
make people more cautious about ruining their reputation, since they
can not easily hide from that rep.


