From 3637547530017233213
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: 1136d9,268ce473cef9c92d
X-Google-Attributes: gid1136d9,public
X-Google-Thread: fb739,268ce473cef9c92d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-22 20:56:28 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Krushdat" <Krushdat@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.dark-age-of-camelot,alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: EQ or DAOC, What do I do!?
Date: Sat, 22 Dec 2001 23:03:56 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <u2aovrr99ngte8@corp.supernews.com>
References: <YEKU7.2994$0X3.288046221@newssvr17.news.prodigy.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2462.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2462.0000
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 111
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.dark-age-of-camelot:6585 alt.games.everquest:150113


"Mike Szewczyk" <szewczykm@hcgi.com> wrote in message
news:YEKU7.2994$0X3.288046221@newssvr17.news.prodigy.com...
> This is probably going to start a holy war, but...
>
hehe i find that VERY amussing :)

> I just bought Everquest a few weeks ago.  I'm really enjoying it.
However, a couple of friends want to get into the same sort of
> game and are being told that DAOC is so much better than Everquest.
>
First off have the friends that said this about EQ played it a long time
i played EQ for about 3 years....it kept my attention like no other game
ever has...i played it almost every single day for hours on end..
so far DoAC has been the same....the problem is that in EQ i played for that
long and had one post 50 character and bout 7 lvl 30-47s
well in DoAC ive taken two characters to post 30 already....
it seems to go much much faster (even though ive heard leveling slows down
way too much post 40)


> I'd like to play in a game with my friends, but I don't want to throw my
money away, also the work I've done on my character so far.
> I'm enjoying EQ.

okay if you want to play one of the two with your friends then you need to
play DoAC they make it so its easy for friends to play together no matter
what the lvl difference....(this process has been nerfed alot and is
probably still in the works to hammer out the details)


>
> However, it's probably impossible to argue the point that DAOC has a more
advanced engine, it's newer!
>
> Given the description of DAOC though, it sounds like EQ is less limiting.
I want to go on quests, fight monsters and bad guys.  I
> don't think I want to lay seige on things.

As far as EQ being less limiting...
yes and no.....depending how you look at things EQ is more limiting (when i
left at least) than DoAC but it can be turned around the other way too....


>
> I guess if the world of DAOC is a lot like EQ, and the engine is better,
then maybe I should switch before I get even more invested
> in EQ.  I don't have the time to play both.
>
> I'm not interested in hearing how DAOC is better than EQ because it has
some new twist to make things interesting.  I'm brand new to
> this so I'm in no need of twists to make things fresh - it's all fresh.

The only advise i have to offer about this is that while they are both very
new to you EQ is very old in gaming terms....i left because i kept seeing
items that my lvl 58 warrior WANTED and didnt have on level one
characters...thats very dissapointing to see and very frusterating IMHO


> EQ seems huge and DAOC seems small (based on the reviews I'm seeing).  I
know EQ is older so it has had time to expand, but I'm only
> interested in today.  EQ is much bigger than DAOC is now - correct?
>
The EQ world is VERY big compaired to DAoC (just noticed ive had the Ao in
the wrong order up top im not going back now to change it all heh)
But EQ has everything together....if you are a high elf and can survive the
gaurds then you can get into Neriak (you biggest rival and enemy's city)
where as in DAoC i cant even think about gettin near any town of Albion with
my Kobald.
the world is actually probably big but you only get about 1/3 of it to lvl
in but the border lands seem to be about 2x the size of the home realms.

> I'm enjoying the characters in EQ and the Quests.  But it seems like DAOC
doesn't have the same component.
>
DAoC has much better Quests (and better rewarding IMO) for the simple fact
that in EQ it really didnt matter about some of the quests....you could do
better sittin in some dungeon and get a drop thats better with the same or
less time involved (of corse sometimes you arnt lucky on the rare items)
In DAoC there seem to be quests everywhere i go....tons of them....alot
might not have even been discovered but i highly doubt that unless they are
new quests that have just been put in some patch

> So if I went with DAOC would I see the same game (more or less), better
graphics, smaller world?
>
DAoC is a VERY new game and for me is alot of fun compaired to what i had to
deal with at the end of EQ...waiting for groups all the time lists always
towards the end....being logged on for hours with out even fighting a
mob...just sittin in some safe place waiting for the group to get to my name
on the list....

DAoC also has much room to grow and can hopefully only get better.

EQ being old is about to be cycled out i think...EQ 2 is in the works
already and has been for at least a year...
also a star wars game is being made by sony (same company) to release in the
near future....so EQ seems to be at the end of a VERY successful and long
run in gaming.

I fear by joining EQ this late in the game that you would miss out on alot
of MMORP

One last note....when i started EQ i had the most fun upto lvl 46....after
that things seemed to bog down because of the limits of the higher lvls and
the hunting spots....
thats my 2 cp.....whatever you do just have fun...when the games start to
seem more like work and less like fun then something is wrong....
good luck!




