From -4292357782845031914
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2c28adb14746742f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 25 Jul 2004 05:38:56 -0500
Date: Sun, 25 Jul 2004 06:38:56 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Duct Tape
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <ifOdnRXGvcVcEJ7cRVn-pg@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 71
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.216.167.170
X-Trace: sv3-ztGf2m5prw4IqlxGcLkaMms11ZIJDpOBCjxCJoCkPPko5TVZpj/UuVXUz3k0NE1XUPz4PAylTU+D9qA!qHWW6u4ZCxgi2czsC4xhmZoYfs12r0ygq/LiYeM6NZi4AFDa4hpawjYOytG5MW3p+s38U0bjdl9y
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:10972

There's duct tape on my HP bar, and I don't care what percent you're at, 
I'm pulling till you say Hold Pulls!

Got an LDoN group last night, me (berserk), warrior, chanter, cleric, 
beastlord, druid.  I pulled the first three or four mobs, then the 
warrior requested taking over pulling.  I was perfectly willing, after 
all I have no pull tools as such and he's better suited to MT, in theory.

Well, he proceded to make a mess of things, repeatedly; he'd pull 
clusters and switch targets several times when they arrived, he'd pull 
when the chanter or cleric said hold, he spilled aggro liberally, mostly 
on me which was fine, but often on the cleric, he broke mez almost as 
though programmed to do so.

We had one near wipe, where I got mezzed and the rest of the group got 
slaughtered, evac interrupted twice, then druid dead, by the time my mez 
wore off warrior and I were the only ones left standing.  I took off for 
the zone line with every mob in the cluster (about 6) on my butt, 
casting madly.  Warrior sending me tells to wait for him.  Turns out 
he's mezzed, he's at about 5% hp.  I'm at 30%, and have taken the mobs 
away, but admittedly he's going to be coming thru them running out... 
but I can't see any real chance of saving him, and there's substantial 
doubt as to whether I can save me, with all those casters chasing me. 
He has no map of the zone and needs a guide.  Well thats' clearly not 
going to work, if I get anywhere near him all the mobs are going to 
aggro him due to low hp.  No paladin, I zone out.

Group is moving back in, he's asking for a rez.  We explain that we'll 
rez at the end, running behind we need the mana and can't afford to wait 
out the rez timer.  We get it back together, move on in, when I get 
charmed and kill the warrior.  This time he insists on a rez, and gets 
it.

Now I'm finally back in the puller saddle, being the only one with Temp 
or much of any buffs, and picking up the pace while keeping the pulls 
down to singles or pairs or the occaisional triple.

At this point the warrior announces we have 25 more mobs to kill and 
only 20 minutes to do it in, so he wants to leave the mission.

Oddly, he'd announced beforehand that he wasn't there for points, just 
for the exp.

Until this point I've been taking it easy, doing my nice solid single 
pulls and kill, wash rince repeat routine.

For some reason, the cleric comments "I'm going to wait till you get to 
40% and then start heal, don't panic".  Thats when I utter my duct tape 
comment, and kick it into high gear; I pull, stay till the last mob of 
the group is down to around 20% hp, then leave to bring the next mob in, 
so we constantly have at least one in camp.

Finished the mission successfully with two minutes to spare, the real 
victory, of course, being winning one the warrior had declared no chance on.

After the warrior logged (his rogue had a raid to go to... and he tried 
to get the druid to port him out) we rezzed up.  Beastlord had to log 
also, so we replaced him with a necro and the warrior with a wizard; new 
group had a great time, went to do a third and the wizard was now too 
high having leveled while the lowest level member didn't, so we replaced 
him with his alt monk and went again for another great time.

Four new people for my friends list (which is used for competant players 
who are fun to group with) and one for my Ignore list (which is very 
short and consists mostly of spammers but is also home for the "do not 
group" list.

And Duct Tape for a new nickname

Grage, 43 Berzerk, Luclin



