From -7635528594847950392
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ab21e995121a7fba,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 29 Jun 2007 08:20:41 -0500
Date: Fri, 29 Jun 2007 09:20:40 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.12 (Windows/20070509)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Bard's Melody
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <LqmdnZCAgYa0mhjbnZ2dnUVZ_r-onZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 117
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.55.237
X-Trace: sv3-Rqu5NmXhu30bUJCV1Nq7fyMYBWSo6MSx73ouDFHfKfqa+Eh+Xe3TUDPCZ4Phs1L7eubJnPkNJ7sYr2i!Z3hh/cgDl9gFFvL5h4fsXIkLAdjuafDSya+2ydRHVe+i4GZlsJN08joP+pcGiuI2JYCFMN9QZvcb!jo3Q0PqBoSg=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.35
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11479

Right around when I returned, I saw a patch message describing some 
changes to the Melody command.  I was intrigued, but didn't do anything 
further other than joke around a little with a guild bard about how easy 
she had it, when I was a bard I had to 1 2 3 4 5 uphill, in the snow, 
both ways, that sort of thing.

Something happened on the Combine server a couple days ago, though, the 
top guild on the server completed the big kill that opens the next 
expansion, DON.  I never bought that one, nor the expansions after 
except for some reason I don't recall, POR.  On Combine, where we 
started out with just the original three continents, and have been 
slowly unlocking one expansion after another, I didn't need the new ones 
anyway.

I could download DON for 9.99, but looking ahead, I'm missing 4 more at 
9.99 each.  Instead, I went out and bought the Anniversary Edition, 
which is all expansions up to and including Buried Sea.

Well, curiousity got the better of me, so this morning I went to a 
random "normal" server, and rolled up a Drakkin.  For class, I 
remembered the Melody changes, and went with a bard.  Spent an hour in 
the tutorial getting up to level 5, and then left, planning to tour 
Crescent Reach a little... but also to finally try out the final 
question I had about Melody.  I'd already answered most of my question, 
but needed an outdoor zone for the final bit.

Basics:  Melody is a socials command, you need to open your action 
window and click the socials page tab, then go to page 2, click on a 
blank button, write a name for the button in the social name window, and 
then enter your command text in one of the slots underneath.  In this 
case the syntax is simple, /melody followed by some numbers from 1 to 8 
(well 9 but not till much later).  Each number corresponds to one of 
your spell gems, from the top down.

Melody then starts one song, and when it completes casting, stops that 
one and starts the next, until it reaches the end of your command, then 
it goes back and repeats.

In the past, Melody would stop completely if you missed a note or 
otherwise became interrupted.

The big change is a simple one, now, if you miss a note, the command 
repeats its attempt to play the song you missed.

I also found, in the past, that I couldn't get Melody to reliably run 
more than three songs simultaneously.  Song one would fade before it was 
repeated.

Now, I was able to run not just 3 songs, but 4.

The reason I needed to get level 5, and outdoors, is that I wanted to 
check on a 5 song twist; something I can accomplish when I'm really on 
top of my game as a bard (played one for 57 levels a couple years back)

Melody will accept 5 song lists, but its not managing to keep them all 
active simultaneously.  Now if I recall correctly, some of that had to 
do with WHICH songs were selected, in what order, I couldn't necessarily 
keep any 5 random songs going, in fact even at best I could only mostly 
keep 5 running, one or another would drop every now and then.  So 
possibly there's some fine tuning that would let some 5 song melodies 
linger on as well as they would for a "real" twisting bard.

The bigger concern, for me, is that in some cases some songs are more 
important than others.  The current system keeps plugging away at a song 
that misses, instead of skipping it and moving on to the next.  Really 
twisting, if I'm kiting for example, I could make sure Selos is always 
running, and just keep as many DOTs going as I can manage.  With Melody 
now, if I'm trying to run 3 chants and selos, and I skip the beat on a 
chant, I'll retry it, meaning Selos will drop before I get back to 
singing it.

More amusing, trying my 5 song melody out indoors, it went 1 2 3 4 5 5 5 
  5 5 5 5 5 5 5 because selos can't be cast indoors, so it kept retrying!

I'm interested in this because the reason I stopped playing my bard was 
that I developed wrist and elbow pain; part of that is from my real 
world job as a swordsmith, but the constant repetitive clicking was a 
serious contributing factor.  When they introduced Melody, I thought 
about going back to bard, but on reflection it looked like most of the 
time I wouldn't use it, it would be too crippling what with the stops, 
and the 3 song twist limit.

With a 4 song limit, and no more stopping, I think perhaps 90% of the 
time I could just leave a melody running and be 90% as effective as a 
real twisting bard.  In fact, it looks like there would be -less- 
clicking than on many of my other toons!

Just out of interest, I just made an 8 song melody, and its running 
those songs in order.  Of course they don't all stay up, at all, but if 
there's some reason I'd want to stretch out the twist to sometimes 
include a heal or some such, apparantly thats an option too.  Or with 
the longer lasting selos, I guess I could go 1 2 3 4 5 2 3 4 5 2 3 4 5 
repeat, and keep selos up without singing it constantly.  Counted it 
out, I can do 7 repetitions of 2 3 4 5 after that first 1.  Still 
singing Selos more often than once a minute, but not bad.

Also, (and I think this was always in place) clicking on a melody social 
works as a stopsong, to switch to a new social (or restart the one 
you're singing) you double click the social.

I just drank a potion and didn't interrupt the melody I was singing.  It 
was celestial regen 1, which seems to be insta cast, probably that makes 
a difference... but maybe not.

I wonder if its also possible to click on items like Singing Steel Helm 
while mid melody without stopping it beforehand... perhaps it treats 
these things like a missed note now.  More experimentation is in order.

I'm not too excited at the moment with my Drakkin.  Admittedly, its 
interesting to see a new race, but so far this one looks like a human 
with tattoes and a little body art.  Have other stuff to do today, so I 
won't get around to doing that exploring till later I guess.

Lance
Tiune, 5 bard, some server or other. (xenogy?  I forget!  Ah, I just 
ignored a random person, because it gives me a 
SOE.EQ.Povar.nameofperson, which tells me the server is Povar.)


