From -3592908143782805056
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a2c59b8c1eff2a11,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Thread: 1044e7,a2c59b8c1eff2a11,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid1044e7,public
X-Google-Thread: 104158,a2c59b8c1eff2a11,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid104158,public
X-Google-Thread: 10b507,a2c59b8c1eff2a11,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid10b507,public
X-Google-Thread: 1042ac,a2c59b8c1eff2a11,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid1042ac,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-02 03:30:55 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newsfeed.media.kyoto-u.ac.jp!nntp.kreonet.re.kr!xfer1.gngidc.net!feeder.kornet.net!news1.kornet.net!not-for-mail
From: Crime Watch <crime_watch@goy.org>
Newsgroups: talk.politics.guns,soc.culture.usa,alt.games.everquest,talk.politics.misc,alt.games.half-life
Subject: =____Guess Who's Coming to Dinner?____=
Date: Mon, 02 Dec 2002 03:30:21 -0800
Organization: Korea Telecom
Lines: 752
Message-ID: <jpgmuusb1es6o4drjl3jb8sp0kqgrt000h@4ax.com>
Reply-To: wsj.ltrs@wsj.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 210.217.42.101
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Trace: news1.kornet.net 1038827070 7381 210.217.42.101 (2 Dec 2002 11:04:30 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: usenet@feeder.kornet.net
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 2 Dec 2002 11:04:30 +0000 (UTC)
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.91/32.564
Xref: archiver1.google.com talk.politics.guns:551985 soc.culture.usa:515664 alt.games.everquest:249680 talk.politics.misc:752776 alt.games.half-life:90639

=========================================================
=========================================================

I was browsing online the other day and at the Web site of the "Observer"
in England I came across Osama bin Laden's "letter to the American
people". I thought how strange, here I am an American, I read the New York
Times, Los Angeles Times and Washington Post as well as CNN online, yet I
have never seen this letter that Osama bin Laden has written to me and my
fellow Americans. 

As an American, someone who is a citizen and is therefore responsible for
electing representatives to government bodies to make laws and run the
country (Mr. Bin Laden speaks of this in his letter) should I not be
informed of what the man who has declared "war" upon my country has to say
to me? Is there any good reason that I and my fellow Americans should be
denied the pearls of wisdom that Mr. Bin Laden wishes to share with us? 

Well, that depends who you are in America. Reading Mr. Bin Laden's letter
I recognize some truths about America which never appear anywhere in the
New York Times, Los Angeles Times, Washington Post or CNN. I suppose I
shouldn't be shocked that the blackout of these truths would continue even
if uttered by Mr. Bin Laden himself.

I am posting Mr. Bin Laden's letter below, but there are some parts of it
that I wish to highlight and comment on.



"As for the first question: Why are we fighting and opposing you? The
answer is very simple: 

(1) Because you attacked us and continue to attack us. 

a) You attacked us in Palestine: 

(i) Palestine, which has sunk under military occupation for more than 80
years. The British handed over Palestine, with your help and your support,
to the Jews, who have occupied it for more than 50 years; years
overflowing with oppression, tyranny, crimes, killing, expulsion,
destruction and devastation. The creation and continuation of Israel is
one of the greatest crimes, and you are the leaders of its criminals. And
of course there is no need to explain and prove the degree of American
support for Israel. The creation of Israel is a crime which must be
erased. Each and every person whose hands have become polluted in the
contribution towards this crime must pay its price, and pay for it
heavily. 

(ii) It brings us both laughter and tears to see that you have not yet
tired of repeating your fabricated lies that the Jews have a historical
right to Palestine, as it was promised to them in the Torah. Anyone who
disputes with them on this alleged fact is accused of anti-semitism. This
is one of the most fallacious, widely-circulated fabrications in history.
The people of Palestine are pure Arabs and original Semites. It is the
Muslims who are the inheritors of Moses (peace be upon him) and the
inheritors of the real Torah that has not been changed. Muslims believe in
all of the Prophets, including Abraham, Moses, Jesus and Muhammad, peace
and blessings of Allah be upon them all. If the followers of Moses have
been promised a right to Palestine in the Torah, then the Muslims are the
most worthy nation of this. 

When the Muslims conquered Palestine and drove out the Romans, Palestine
and Jerusalem returned to Islam, the religion of all the Prophets peace be
upon them. Therefore, the call to a historical right to Palestine cannot
be raised against the Islamic Ummah that believes in all the Prophets of
Allah (peace and blessings be upon them) - and we make no distinction
between them."



Isn't it ironic that in the nation that keeps Israel afloat with billions
of dollars in tax money every year -to say nothing of the billions more
funneled out through crime on Wall Street- so little of Israel and its
history is known by the American people? Everything written above by Mr.
Bin Laden is true, yet it is completely new to the majority of Americans. 



"(e) Your forces occupy our countries; you spread your military bases
throughout them; you corrupt our lands, and you besiege our sanctities, to
protect the security of the Jews and to ensure the continuity of your
pillage of our treasures. 

(f) You have starved the Muslims of Iraq, where children die every day. It
is a wonder that more than 1.5 million Iraqi children have died as a
result of your sanctions, and you did not show concern. Yet when 3000 of
your people died, the entire world rises and has not yet sat down."



Wow, can this guy speak truth to power or what? 



"(3) You may then dispute that all the above does not justify aggression
against civilians, for crimes they did not commit and offenses in which
they did not partake: 

(a) This argument contradicts your continuous repetition that America is
the land of freedom, and its leaders in this world. Therefore, the
American people are the ones who choose their government by way of their
own free will; a choice which stems from their agreement to its policies.
Thus the American people have chosen, consented to, and affirmed their
support for the Israeli oppression of the Palestinians, the occupation and
usurpation of their land, and its continuous killing, torture, punishment
and expulsion of the Palestinians. The American people have the ability
and choice to refuse the policies of their Government and even to change
it if they want."



In theory Mr. Bin Laden this is true. But as you must know Osama the Jews
have made "Jackass'" of our children. Our so-called "news" papers will not
even report your letter. Are we allowed to vote? Sure, but when we do not
vote as we are told our votes don't count. El Presidente Bush was not
elected by the American people.



"(b) The American people are the ones who pay the taxes which fund the
planes that bomb us in Afghanistan, the tanks that strike and destroy our
homes in Palestine, the armies which occupy our lands in the Arabian Gulf,
and the fleets which ensure the blockade of Iraq. These tax dollars are
given to Israel for it to continue to attack us and penetrate our lands.
So the American people are the ones who fund the attacks against us, and
they are the ones who oversee the expenditure of these monies in the way
they wish, through their elected candidates."



I can't argue with Mr. Bin Laden here, we the taxpayers are indeed paying
for these things.



"(d) The American people are the ones who employ both their men and their
women in the American Forces which attack us."



It's an all volunteer force lured with intense propaganda and promises of
a bright future. They offer education and good jobs then send them
overseas to murder children.

Both Tim McVeigh and super sniper John Muhammad were Gulf War veterans.

Ouch! 



"The American Government and press still refuses to answer the question: 

Why did they attack us in New York and Washington?"



They won't even tell us that you wrote us a letter!



"If Sharon is a man of peace in the eyes of Bush, then we are also men of
peace!!! America does not understand the language of manners and
principles, so we are addressing it using the language it understands."



Can Osama get down and boogie or what?



"(ii) You are the nation that permits Usury, which has been forbidden by
all the religions. Yet you build your economy and investments on Usury. As
a result of this, in all its different forms and guises, the Jews have
taken control of your economy, through which they have then taken control
of your media, and now control all aspects of your life making you their
servants and achieving their aims at your expense; precisely what Benjamin
Franklin warned you against."



I think I saw a guy dressed like Ben Franklin hawking a Visa card for some
bank on TV. Maybe they have twisted things around a bit upon us eh?



"Who can forget your President Clinton's immoral acts committed in the
official Oval office? After that you did not even bring him to account,
other than that he 'made a mistake', after which everything passed with no
punishment. Is there a worse kind of event for which your name will go
down in history and remembered by nations?"



And Bush wants to kill this guy?



"(v) You are a nation that permits gambling in all its forms. The
companies practice this as well, resulting in the investments becoming
active and the criminals becoming rich."



Enron and World Com? 



"(vi) You are a nation that exploits women like consumer products or
advertising tools calling upon customers to purchase them. You use women
to serve passengers, visitors, and strangers to increase your profit
margins. You then rant that you support the liberation of women."



You make too much sense Osama, I see why they won't print your letter.
Stop thinking so much Mr. Bin Laden, watch the football game, they have
sexy cheerleaders in all colors. You don't like football? How about a new
James Bond movie? Halle Berry is in it wearing a bikini!



" (xi) You have destroyed nature with your industrial waste and gases more
than any other nation in history. Despite this, you refuse to sign the
Kyoto agreement so that you can secure the profit of your greedy companies
and industries."



A lot of Americans voted for Ralph Nader, but they only counted Nader's
votes in Florida. Go figure.  



" (x) Your law is the law of the rich and wealthy people, who hold sway in
their political parties, and fund their election campaigns with their
gifts. Behind them stand the Jews, who control your policies, media and
economy."



First rule to remember if you want your letter to be printed is never,
absolutely never, discuss the Jews unless you are praising them.



" (xi) That which you are singled out for in the history of mankind, is
that you have used your force to destroy mankind more than any other
nation in history; not to defend principles and values, but to hasten to
secure your interests and profits. You who dropped a nuclear bomb on
Japan, even though Japan was ready to negotiate an end to the war. How
many acts of oppression, tyranny and injustice have you carried out, O
callers to freedom?"



I lost count many years ago. Gore Vidal made up a list, I hear it was very
long and no one in America would print it. It seems that Mr. Bin Laden is
not the only guy who can't get his stuff printed in the land with the
"First Amendment".



" (xii) Let us not forget one of your major characteristics: your duality
in both manners and values; your hypocrisy in manners and principles. All
manners, principles and values have two scales: one for you and one for
the others."



Oh how the truth hurts!



" (b)Your policy on prohibiting and forcibly removing weapons of mass
destruction to ensure world peace: it only applies to those countries
which you do not permit to possess such weapons. As for the countries you
consent to, such as Israel, then they are allowed to keep and use such
weapons to defend their security. Anyone else who you suspect might be
manufacturing or keeping these kinds of weapons, you call them criminals
and you take military action against them."



He's right; Israel has at least 100 nuclear warheads. Where is the U.N.
mandate to disarm Israel of "weapons of mass destruction"?



" (6) Sixthly, we call upon you to end your support of the corrupt leaders
in our countries. Do not interfere in our politics and method of
education. Leave us alone, or else expect us in New York and Washington."



Mr. Bin Laden is referring here to Saudi Arabia and other governments like
it. Funny how the American and British media are slandering our Saudi
puppet government who are under siege by Al Qaeda, then ending each attack
with a question: "Will you allow the Pentagon to use your land and air
space for an attack against Iraq?"



" (7) We also call you to deal with us and interact with us on the basis
of mutual interests and benefits, rather than the policies of sub dual,
theft and occupation, and not to continue your policy of supporting the
Jews because this will result in more disasters for you."



But Mr. Bin Laden, the Jewish controlled media here tell us that you are
not attacking America because of the Jews!


With that I your intrepid goy reporter "Crime Watch", give you the full
text of Osama bin Laden's "Letter to the American People".


Observer Worldview Extra 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Full text: bin Laden's 'letter to America' 

Online document: the full text of Osama bin Laden's "letter to the
American people", reported in today's Observer. The letter first appeared
on the internet in Arabic and has since been translated and circulated by
Islamists in Britain.

Observer Worldview 

Sunday November 24, 2002 

In the Name of Allah, the Most Gracious, the Most Merciful,
"Permission to fight (against disbelievers) is given to those (believers)
who are fought against, because they have been wronged and surely, Allah
is Able to give them (believers) victory" [Quran 22:39] 

"Those who believe, fight in the Cause of Allah, and those who disbelieve,
fight in the cause of Taghut (anything worshipped other than Allah e.g.
Satan). So fight you against the friends of Satan; ever feeble is indeed
the plot of Satan."[Quran 4:76] 

Some American writers have published articles under the title 'On what
basis are we fighting?' These articles have generated a number of
responses, some of which adhered to the truth and were based on Islamic
Law, and others which have not. Here we wanted to outline the truth - as
an explanation and warning - hoping for Allah's reward, seeking success
and support from Him.

While seeking Allah's help, we form our reply based on two questions
directed at the Americans: 

(Q1) Why are we fighting and opposing you? 
Q2)What are we calling you to, and what do we want from you? 

As for the first question: Why are we fighting and opposing you? The
answer is very simple: 

(1) Because you attacked us and continue to attack us. 

a) You attacked us in Palestine: 

(i) Palestine, which has sunk under military occupation for more than 80
years. The British handed over Palestine, with your help and your support,
to the Jews, who have occupied it for more than 50 years; years
overflowing with oppression, tyranny, crimes, killing, expulsion,
destruction and devastation. The creation and continuation of Israel is
one of the greatest crimes, and you are the leaders of its criminals. And
of course there is no need to explain and prove the degree of American
support for Israel. The creation of Israel is a crime which must be
erased. Each and every person whose hands have become polluted in the
contribution towards this crime must pay its price, and pay for it
heavily. 

(ii) It brings us both laughter and tears to see that you have not yet
tired of repeating your fabricated lies that the Jews have a historical
right to Palestine, as it was promised to them in the Torah. Anyone who
disputes with them on this alleged fact is accused of anti-semitism. This
is one of the most fallacious, widely-circulated fabrications in history.
The people of Palestine are pure Arabs and original Semites. It is the
Muslims who are the inheritors of Moses (peace be upon him) and the
inheritors of the real Torah that has not been changed. Muslims believe in
all of the Prophets, including Abraham, Moses, Jesus and Muhammad, peace
and blessings of Allah be upon them all. If the followers of Moses have
been promised a right to Palestine in the Torah, then the Muslims are the
most worthy nation of this. 

When the Muslims conquered Palestine and drove out the Romans, Palestine
and Jerusalem returned to Islam, the religion of all the Prophets peace be
upon them. Therefore, the call to a historical right to Palestine cannot
be raised against the Islamic Ummah that believes in all the Prophets of
Allah (peace and blessings be upon them) - and we make no distinction
between them. 

(iii) The blood pouring out of Palestine must be equally revenged. You
must know that the Palestinians do not cry alone; their women are not
widowed alone; their sons are not orphaned alone.

(b) You attacked us in Somalia; you supported the Russian atrocities
against us in Chechnya, the Indian oppression against us in Kashmir, and
the Jewish aggression against us in Lebanon. 

(c) Under your supervision, consent and orders, the governments of our
countries which act as your agents, attack us on a daily basis;

(i) These governments prevent our people from establishing the Islamic
Shariah, using violence and lies to do so. 

(ii) These governments give us a taste of humiliation, and places us in a
large prison of fear and subdual. 

(iii) These governments steal our Ummah's wealth and sell them to you at a
paltry price.

(iv) These governments have surrendered to the Jews, and handed them most
of Palestine, acknowledging the existence of their state over the
dismembered limbs of their own people. 

(v) The removal of these governments is an obligation upon us, and a
necessary step to free the Ummah, to make the Shariah the supreme law and
to regain Palestine. And our fight against these governments is not
separate from our fight against you.

(d) You steal our wealth and oil at paltry prices because of your
international influence and military threats. This theft is indeed the
biggest theft ever witnessed by mankind in the history of the world. 

(e) Your forces occupy our countries; you spread your military bases
throughout them; you corrupt our lands, and you besiege our sanctities, to
protect the security of the Jews and to ensure the continuity of your
pillage of our treasures. 

(f) You have starved the Muslims of Iraq, where children die every day. It
is a wonder that more than 1.5 million Iraqi children have died as a
result of your sanctions, and you did not show concern. Yet when 3000 of
your people died, the entire world rises and has not yet sat down. 

(g) You have supported the Jews in their idea that Jerusalem is their
eternal capital, and agreed to move your embassy there. With your help and
under your protection, the Israelis are planning to destroy the Al-Aqsa
mosque. Under the protection of your weapons, Sharon entered the Al-Aqsa
mosque, to pollute it as a preparation to capture and destroy it. 

(2) These tragedies and calamities are only a few examples of your
oppression and aggression against us. It is commanded by our religion and
intellect that the oppressed have a right to return the aggression. Do not
await anything from us but Jihad, resistance and revenge. Is it in any way
rational to expect that after America has attacked us for more than half a
century, that we will then leave her to live in security and peace?!! 

(3) You may then dispute that all the above does not justify aggression
against civilians, for crimes they did not commit and offenses in which
they did not partake: 

(a) This argument contradicts your continuous repetition that America is
the land of freedom, and its leaders in this world. Therefore, the
American people are the ones who choose their government by way of their
own free will; a choice which stems from their agreement to its policies.
Thus the American people have chosen, consented to, and affirmed their
support for the Israeli oppression of the Palestinians, the occupation and
usurpation of their land, and its continuous killing, torture, punishment
and expulsion of the Palestinians. The American people have the ability
and choice to refuse the policies of their Government and even to change
it if they want. 

(b) The American people are the ones who pay the taxes which fund the
planes that bomb us in Afghanistan, the tanks that strike and destroy our
homes in Palestine, the armies which occupy our lands in the Arabian Gulf,
and the fleets which ensure the blockade of Iraq. These tax dollars are
given to Israel for it to continue to attack us and penetrate our lands.
So the American people are the ones who fund the attacks against us, and
they are the ones who oversee the expenditure of these monies in the way
they wish, through their elected candidates. 

(c) Also the American army is part of the American people. It is this very
same people who are shamelessly helping the Jews fight against us. 

(d) The American people are the ones who employ both their men and their
women in the American Forces which attack us. 

(e) This is why the American people cannot be innocent of all the crimes
committed by the Americans and Jews against us. 

(f) Allah, the Almighty, legislated the permission and the option to take
revenge. Thus, if we are attacked, then we have the right to attack back.
Whoever has destroyed our villages and towns, then we have the right to
destroy their villages and towns. Whoever has stolen our wealth, then we
have the right to destroy their economy. And whoever has killed our
civilians, then we have the right to kill theirs. 

The American Government and press still refuses to answer the question: 

Why did they attack us in New York and Washington? 

If Sharon is a man of peace in the eyes of Bush, then we are also men of
peace!!! America does not understand the language of manners and
principles, so we are addressing it using the language it understands. 

(Q2) As for the second question that we want to answer: What are we
calling you to, and what do we want from you? 

(1) The first thing that we are calling you to is Islam. 

(a) The religion of the Unification of God; of freedom from associating
partners with Him, and rejection of this; of complete love of Him, the
Exalted; of complete submission to His Laws; and of the discarding of all
the opinions, orders, theories and religions which contradict with the
religion He sent down to His Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him). Islam
is the religion of all the prophets, and makes no distinction between them
- peace be upon them all. 

It is to this religion that we call you; the seal of all the previous
religions. It is the religion of Unification of God, sincerity, the best
of manners, righteousness, mercy, honour, purity, and piety. It is the
religion of showing kindness to others, establishing justice between them,
granting them their rights, and defending the oppressed and the
persecuted. It is the religion of enjoining the good and forbidding the
evil with the hand, tongue and heart. It is the religion of Jihad in the
way of Allah so that Allah's Word and religion reign Supreme. And it is
the religion of unity and agreement on the obedience to Allah, and total
equality between all people, without regarding their colour, sex, or
language. 

(b) It is the religion whose book - the Quran - will remain preserved and
unchanged, after the other Divine books and messages have been changed.
The Quran is the miracle until the Day of Judgment. Allah has challenged
anyone to bring a book like the Quran or even ten verses like it. 

(2) The second thing we call you to, is to stop your oppression, lies,
immorality and debauchery that has spread among you. 

(a) We call you to be a people of manners, principles, honour, and purity;
to reject the immoral acts of fornication, homosexuality, intoxicants,
gambling's, and trading with interest. 

We call you to all of this that you may be freed from that which you have
become caught up in; that you may be freed from the deceptive lies that
you are a great nation, that your leaders spread amongst you to conceal
from you the despicable state to which you have reached.

(b) It is saddening to tell you that you are the worst civilization
witnessed by the history of mankind: 

(i) You are the nation who, rather than ruling by the Shariah of Allah in
its Constitution and Laws, choose to invent your own laws as you will and
desire. You separate religion from your policies, contradicting the pure
nature which affirms Absolute Authority to the Lord and your Creator. You
flee from the embarrassing question posed to you: How is it possible for
Allah the Almighty to create His creation, grant them power over all the
creatures and land, grant them all the amenities of life, and then deny
them that which they are most in need of: knowledge of the laws which
govern their lives? 

(ii) You are the nation that permits Usury, which has been forbidden by
all the religions. Yet you build your economy and investments on Usury. As
a result of this, in all its different forms and guises, the Jews have
taken control of your economy, through which they have then taken control
of your media, and now control all aspects of your life making you their
servants and achieving their aims at your expense; precisely what Benjamin
Franklin warned you against. 

(iii) You are a nation that permits the production, trading and usage of
intoxicants. You also permit drugs, and only forbid the trade of them,
even though your nation is the largest consumer of them.

(iv) You are a nation that permits acts of immorality, and you consider
them to be pillars of personal freedom. You have continued to sink down
this abyss from level to level until incest has spread amongst you, in the
face of which neither your sense of honour nor your laws object. 

Who can forget your President Clinton's immoral acts committed in the
official Oval office? After that you did not even bring him to account,
other than that he 'made a mistake', after which everything passed with no
punishment. Is there a worse kind of event for which your name will go
down in history and remembered by nations? 

(v) You are a nation that permits gambling in its all forms. The companies
practice this as well, resulting in the investments becoming active and
the criminals becoming rich. 

(vi) You are a nation that exploits women like consumer products or
advertising tools calling upon customers to purchase them. You use women
to serve passengers, visitors, and strangers to increase your profit
margins. You then rant that you support the liberation of women. 

(vii) You are a nation that practices the trade of sex in all its forms,
directly and indirectly. Giant corporations and establishments are
established on this, under the name of art, entertainment, tourism and
freedom, and other deceptive names you attribute to it. 

(viii) And because of all this, you have been described in history as a
nation that spreads diseases that were unknown to man in the past. Go
ahead and boast to the nations of man, that you brought them AIDS as a
Satanic American Invention. 

(xi) You have destroyed nature with your industrial waste and gases more
than any other nation in history. Despite this, you refuse to sign the
Kyoto agreement so that you can secure the profit of your greedy companies
and*industries. 

(x) Your law is the law of the rich and wealthy people, who hold sway in
their political parties, and fund their election campaigns with their
gifts. Behind them stand the Jews, who control your policies, media and
economy. 

(xi) That which you are singled out for in the history of mankind, is that
you have used your force to destroy mankind more than any other nation in
history; not to defend principles and values, but to hasten to secure your
interests and profits. You who dropped a nuclear bomb on Japan, even
though Japan was ready to negotiate an end to the war. How many acts of
oppression, tyranny and injustice have you carried out, O callers to
freedom? 

(xii) Let us not forget one of your major characteristics: your duality in
both manners and values; your hypocrisy in manners and principles.
All*manners, principles and values have two scales: one for you and one
for the others. 

(a)The freedom and democracy that you call to is for yourselves and for
white race only; as for the rest of the world, you impose upon them your
monstrous, destructive policies and Governments, which you call the
'American friends'. Yet you prevent them from establishing democracies.
When the Islamic party in Algeria wanted to practice democracy and they
won the election, you unleashed your agents in the Algerian army onto
them, and to attack them with tanks and guns, to imprison them and torture
them - a new lesson from the 'American book of democracy'!!! 

(b)Your policy on prohibiting and forcibly removing weapons of mass
destruction to ensure world peace: it only applies to those countries
which you do not permit to possess such weapons. As for the countries you
consent to, such as Israel, then they are allowed to keep and use such
weapons to defend their security. Anyone else who you suspect might be
manufacturing or keeping these kinds of weapons, you call them criminals
and you take military action against them. 

(c)You are the last ones to respect the resolutions and policies of
International Law, yet you claim to want to selectively punish anyone else
who does the same. Israel has for more than 50 years been pushing UN
resolutions and rules against the wall with the full support of America. 

(d)As for the war criminals which you censure and form criminal courts for
- you shamelessly ask that your own are granted immunity!! However,
history will not forget the war crimes that you committed against the
Muslims and the rest of the world; those you have killed in Japan,
Afghanistan, Somalia, Lebanon and Iraq will remain a shame that you will
never be able to escape. It will suffice to remind you of your latest war
crimes in Afghanistan, in which densely populated innocent civilian
villages were destroyed, bombs were dropped on mosques causing the roof of
the mosque to come crashing down on the heads of the Muslims praying
inside. You are the ones who broke the agreement with the Mujahideen when
they left Qunduz, bombing them in Jangi fort, and killing more than 1,000
of your prisoners through suffocation and thirst. Allah alone knows how
many people have died by torture at the hands of you and your agents. Your
planes remain in the Afghan skies, looking for anyone remotely suspicious.

(e)You have claimed to be the vanguards of Human Rights, and your Ministry
of Foreign affairs issues annual reports containing statistics of those
countries that violate any Human Rights. However, all these things
vanished when the Mujahideen hit you, and you then implemented the methods
of the same documented governments that you used to curse. In America, you
captured thousands the Muslims and Arabs, took them into custody with
neither reason, court trial, nor even disclosing their names. You issued
newer, harsher laws. 

What happens in Guantanamo is a historical embarrassment to America and
its values, and it screams into your faces - you hypocrites, "What is the
value of your signature on any agreement or treaty?" 

(3) What we call you to thirdly is to take an honest stance with
yourselves - and I doubt you will do so - to discover that you are a
nation without principles or manners, and that the values and principles
to you are something which you merely demand from others, not that which
you yourself must adhere to. 

(4) We also advise you to stop supporting Israel, and to end your support
of the Indians in Kashmir, the Russians against the Chechens and to also
cease supporting the Manila Government against the Muslims in Southern
Philippines. 

(5) We also advise you to pack your luggage and get out of our lands. We
desire for your goodness, guidance, and righteousness, so do not force us
to send you back as cargo in coffins. 

(6) Sixthly, we call upon you to end your support of the corrupt leaders
in our countries. Do not interfere in our politics and method of
education. Leave us alone, or else expect us in New York and Washington. 

(7) We also call you to deal with us and interact with us on the basis of
mutual interests and benefits, rather than the policies of sub dual, theft
and occupation, and not to continue your policy of supporting the Jews
because this will result in more disasters for you. 

If you fail to respond to all these conditions, then prepare for fight
with the Islamic Nation. The Nation of Monotheism, that puts complete
trust on Allah and fears none other than Him. The Nation which is
addressed by its Quran with the words: "Do you fear them? Allah has more
right that you should fear Him if you are believers. Fight against them so
that Allah will punish them by your hands and disgrace them and give you
victory over them and heal the breasts of believing people. And remove the
anger of their (believers') hearts. Allah accepts the repentance of whom
He wills. Allah is All-Knowing, All-Wise." [Quran9:13-1] 

The Nation of honour and respect: 

"But honour, power and glory belong to Allah, and to His Messenger
(Muhammad- peace be upon him) and to the believers." [Quran 63:8] 

"So do not become weak (against your enemy), nor be sad, and you will
be*superior ( in victory )if you are indeed (true) believers" [Quran
3:139] 

The Nation of Martyrdom; the Nation that desires death more than you
desire life: 

"Think not of those who are killed in the way of Allah as dead. Nay, they
are alive with their Lord, and they are being provided for. They rejoice
in what Allah has bestowed upon them from His bounty and rejoice for the
sake of those who have not yet joined them, but are left behind (not yet
martyred) that on them no fear shall come, nor shall they grieve. They
rejoice in a grace and a bounty from Allah, and that Allah will not waste
the reward of the believers." [Quran 3:169-171] 

The Nation of victory and success that Allah has promised: 

"It is He Who has sent His Messenger (Muhammad peace be upon him) with
guidance and the religion of truth (Islam), to make it victorious over all
other religions even though the Polytheists hate it." [Quran 61:9] 

"Allah has decreed that 'Verily it is I and My Messengers who shall be
victorious.' Verily Allah is All-Powerful, All-Mighty." [Quran 58:21] 

The Islamic Nation that was able to dismiss and destroy the previous evil
Empires like yourself; the Nation that rejects your attacks, wishes to
remove your evils, and is prepared to fight you. You are well aware that
the Islamic Nation, from the very core of its soul, despises your
haughtiness and arrogance. 

If the Americans refuse to listen to our advice and the goodness, guidance
and righteousness that we call them to, then be aware that you will lose
this Crusade Bush began, just like the other previous Crusades in which
you were humiliated by the hands of the Mujahideen, fleeing to your home
in great silence and disgrace. If the Americans do not respond, then their
fate will be that of the Soviets who fled from Afghanistan to deal with
their military defeat, political breakup, ideological downfall, and
economic bankruptcy. 

This is our message to the Americans, as an answer to theirs. Do they now
know why we fight them and over which form of ignorance, by the permission
of Allah, we shall be victorious? 


http://www.observer.co.uk/worldview/story/0,11581,845725,00.html 




