From -8549772938094353609
X-Google-Thread: fb739,24c2ba0a5a8c7ecf,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews.google.com!g43g2000cwa.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Caster's Realm: How to Adopt a Newbie
Date: 26 Sep 2005 13:32:59 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 153
Message-ID: <1127766778.993832.5530@g43g2000cwa.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.160.51.71
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1127766784 14193 127.0.0.1 (26 Sep 2005 20:33:04 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 26 Sep 2005 20:33:04 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
X-HTTP-UserAgent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.8b4) Gecko/20050908 Firefox/1.4,gzip(gfe),gzip(gfe)
X-HTTP-Via: 1.1 proxy-bed2.mitre.org:80 (squid/2.5.STABLE7)
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: g43g2000cwa.googlegroups.com; posting-host=192.160.51.71;
   posting-account=WDcinhMAAADcvkKBmXXfehYblo0NN7Cr_KfkHiVTV22R7IgxdvF6Yg
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6201

Caster's Realm: How to Adopt a Newbie

You've played Everquest for six years. You've rebuilt your keyboard
mappings into the ultimate interface between man and machine. Drawing
your Blade of War and cutting down a Kyv assassin is as natural to you
as drinking a can of Red Bull. You say things in real life that baffle
your friends, parents, and co-workers like 'mobs' and 'pulling' and
'training' and 'OMFG'.

You have a hazy recollection of your life as a newbie. You never left
Odus until that Shining Star of Light quest proved too valuable to pass
up. It took you four days to cross the Karanas and you had a lioness on
your arse the whole time. You had to beg for four hours before a mage
finally broke down and bound you at the gates of Freeport.

Now you fight beasts that would destroy all of Odus in an hour. You and
your guild cut down creatures of rumor and legend like Yar'Lir and
Vishimtar. As you hear about the 'new player experience', a truth comes
quickly to your lips: There are no more Newbies.

You're wrong.

New players enter Norrath every day. They fall into the cracks of our
huge world but they still exist. Like you were six years ago they are
often lost and in need of help. You can help them. This essay will give
you the basic tools you need to help find and adopt newbies. But first,
let us ask "why".

Why should I help a Newbie?

Now you know how to help a newbie, but why should you do so? Helping
newbies helps you. The newbie you adopted today may be the raid leader
of an assault on Overlord Mata Muram tomorrow. Adopted newbies will one
day become powerful warriors or wizards during their travels. They will
not forget your kindness. Helping newbies becomes contagious. The more
you do it, the more those you help will help others around them. The
more others see you helping people, the more they will be willing to
help others as well. The benefits will become even more clear.

So with that clear understanding of the benefits, let us look at the
best way to hunt down the elusive newbie.

'/Join NewPlayers'

The last Everquest patch added new autojoined system-maintained chat
channels including the 'NewPlayer' channel. Any new player of the game
is automatically subscribed to this channel. Nothing stops anyone from
simply typing '/join NewPlayers' or '/autojoin NewPlayers' to join in
the new player channel and help people out.

Many new players use this channel to ask questions about the game.
Answer them. Some of their questions will seem elementary but are very
difficult problems for them. These questions also help identify true
new players for further adoption. Join or autojoin this channel and use
it to help answer questions and meet new players. Even with the high
number of people in the channel, people will appreciate your support.

The NewPlayer channel is the best and easiest option for discovering
new players and helping them learn how to play this very complicated
game.

Offer your assistance.

Not every new player will understand either the technical or social
instructions for asking questions. They may not understand that '/1'
will chat to the NewPlayer channel. They may not yet understand that it
is ok for them to ask their questions. They may be intimidated by the
veterans all around them who dance in combat with Kobolds while the new
player can't figure out how to draw their sword from their belt.

Offer your assistance. Send out a message to the NewPlayer channel and
tell them that you are able to answer questions should anyone have any.
Tell people how to type '/tell Yourname' to send you a private message.
Explain how the chat channel works. When people realize that you are
happy to answer the most elementary questions, they will be more free
to ask them. This also shows veteran players that it is acceptable and
rewarding to help those around them. Others will follow in your
footsteps.

How Do you Identify a Newbie?

How do you know that someone isn't just stringing you along hoping to
dip their hand into your great bulging sack of platinum? The easiest
way to filter out newbies from veterans is by making it clear that you
cannot help them with money or items up front. This will almost always
filter out players who were just seeking a hand out from those who
really need good advice.

New players often have nothing but their default gear or rusty weapons.
They won't often be equipped in anything beyond their means. New
players aren't usually in a guild yet. They may not be speedy in combat
or quick to send a tell. The more you see them, the more you begin to
see the signs of a true new player.

Watch how newbies talk. What are players asking for? Are they asking
questions about well-known and obvious commands? It is likely that
isn't a ruse. Of course, the most elusive newbies won't even understand
how to chat. Only by asking them directly will you find out if they are
new or not.

So now you've located your newbie and offered your help. What sort of
help should you offer?

Help show new players how to communicate in tells, groups, and
channels. Show them how to target and attack a creature. Show them how
to memorize spells and equip items. Teach them about hotbuttons and the
hotbox. Walk them through some combat. Be patient and remember how hard
it was when you were a wee lad.

Teach new players the geography of Norrath. Nowadays most new players
will start in Gloomingdeep and head to Knowledge once their hunting is
complete. Some, however, will get lost in the vast worlds of Everquest.
The NewPlayer channel is their lifeline. Find them and show them how
the Knowledge stones work. Send them to their basic newbie hunting
grounds. Help them walk through some of their basic quests. Show them
the new quest givers in Knowledge.

Most importantly, show adopted newbies how to add you to their friends
list and how to send you a tell when they run into harder parts down
the road. Adopting a newbie doesn't end after your first conversation.
Offer your help to them whenever they need it.

What assistance should you avoid giving?

Don't give a new player gear or more money than they need to buy their
first set of spells. Equipment progression is an important draw to a
game like Everquest. If new players walk out draped in enchanted chain
mail that falls to their knees and heavy runed swords that are four
times bigger than they are, they will not know the great feeling of
killing a dangerous beast and receiving usable loot from it. Everquest
now has excellent starting equipment progression throughout
Gloomingdeep and the new 11 to 20 missions in Knowledge. Do not rob a
new player of the excitement of receiving new rewards for this work.

New gear will not help a player play Everquest. It isn't the power of
their weapons that new players have trouble with, it is the game itself
that is hard.

Giving gear to a new player also instills a sense of greed. Instead of
powerful equipment, teach new players the value of grouping with other
people. Teach them how to meet people and hunt in groups. Teach them
that their greatest resource are the other players.

Friends are the best reward in Everquest. They are the only reward that
lasts outside of the game. Help new players learn how to play and your
friends list will fill with people who may one day become your closest
friends in the game. Adopt a newbie today and help make Norrath a
stronger world.

Loral Ciriclight
8 July 2005
loral@loralciriclight.com



