From 1554301656708650956
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: 1042ac,57f77a5256acefb3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid1042ac,public
X-Google-Thread: f52e8,57f77a5256acefb3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidf52e8,public
X-Google-Thread: 1082f5,57f77a5256acefb3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid1082f5,public
X-Google-Thread: fb739,57f77a5256acefb3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Thread: fee76,57f77a5256acefb3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfee76,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-08 14:51:18 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!news.gv.tsc.tdk.com!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!news-hog.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!news.maxwell.syr.edu!cyclone2.usenetserver.com!usenetserver.com!news01.optonline.net!news02.optonline.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Hal" <hal@optonline.com>
Newsgroups: soc.culture.usa,misc.writing,rec.games.chess.misc,soc.men,alt.games.everquest
References: <5r2h8ucgnra3tl3o95f8aolk1pgv8lt6qe@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: <Israel Has Hijacked American Government>
Lines: 405
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <N6bi8.30478$gQ.8210779@news02.optonline.net>
Date: Fri, 08 Mar 2002 22:41:49 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.186.34.174
X-Trace: news02.optonline.net 1015627309 24.186.34.174 (Fri, 08 Mar 2002 17:41:49 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 08 Mar 2002 17:41:49 EST
Organization: Optimum Online
Xref: archiver1.google.com soc.culture.usa:324730 misc.writing:152919 rec.games.chess.misc:38680 soc.men:238537 alt.games.everquest:173808


"Ed Bradley" <Ed. Bradley@cbs.com> wrote in message
news:5r2h8ucgnra3tl3o95f8aolk1pgv8lt6qe@4ax.com...
> ..............................................................................
>
> N.J. Homeland Security Adviser Resigns Amid Questions About His Qualifications
>
> By John P. Mcalpin Associated Press Writer
> Published: Mar 7, 2002
>
>
> TRENTON, N.J. (AP) - New Jersey's homeland security adviser has quit amid a
> furor over his lack of law enforcement experience and because his Israeli
> nationality prohibits him from obtaining a security clearance, Gov. James
> McGreevey said Thursday.
>
> Golan Cipel, 33, will be kept on the governor's staff and retain his $110,000
> salary, with duties assigned on an "as-needed" basis, McGreevey said.
>
> Cipel previously held jobs in television news and public relations. He has
> also worked for the state Democratic committee and for a major donor to
> McGreevey and other state Democrats.
>
> On Wednesday, Republican lawmakers threatened to block all of McGreevey's
> remaining appointments unless Cipel testified before the Senate Judiciary
> Committee about his background.
>
> The governor said Cipel first asked to quit more than two weeks ago "due to
> his Israeli citizenship status." Security clearances are normally required for
> all Cabinet members and major nominations.
>
> Cipel is not the state's homeland security director. That job belongs to
> Assistant Attorney General Kathryn Flicker, who fills a Cabinet-level post as
> head of the state's homeland security panel.
>
> A former Israeli sailor and a published poet, Cipel had worked as a spokesman
> for the Israeli Consulate in New York. Last year he took a job with the state
> Democratic Committee. During the gubernatorial campaign, he was McGreevey's
> liaison to the Jewish community and an informal adviser on security matters.
>
> Cipel has also worked for real estate developer Charles Kushner, a major
> supporter of New Jersey Democrats. That job was left off the biography of
> Cipel distributed by McGreevey's office.
>
> The governor's staff has barred Cipel from interviews or public comment about
> his background or the state job.
>
> http://ap.tbo.com/ap/breaking/MGAGZHRBJYC.html


It's not just the government and the tax money they steal, it's their
overwhelming influence in the media, particularly in the "entertainment"
industry. They have systematically destroyed most of the racial roots of people
of European decent in America.

They also never serve a real sentence in prison when they are caught committing
a crime. Think Michael Milken, Ivan Bosky, Marc Rich and the little Long Island
PR agent Lizzie Grubman who ran over 16 White people with her SUV after
screaming "White trash!" before stepping on the accelerator.

That's what Jews think of White people. They think almost all of us are "White
trash", though the term they like to use is "goyium" or Goys" which means
"cattle". They look on us as genetic garbage that are here to serve them.



American Dissident Voices Broadcast of March 2, 2002

Jewish Hate, the Media, and the ADL
By Dr. William Pierce

Hello!

Last week I mentioned that a record company I own, Resistance Records,
was attacked in an hour-long special TV program on one of Sumner
Redstone's music television channels, VH1. Redstone, who was born with
the name Murray Rothstein, is one of the most powerful of the Jewish
media masters. He owns not only VH1, but also MTV and the CBS network.
His MTV specializes in encouraging young Whites to mix with and act like
Blacks. He promotes "hip hop" culture and rap music among White kids,
persuading White boys to talk Black and wear baggy shorts and backward
baseball caps -- and persuading teenaged White girls to have sex with
Blacks. He is probably the most destructive and hate-filled of all the
Jewish media bosses.

The special VH1 program to which I referred was called "Inside Hate
Rock." "Hate rock" is what Redstone and his people call the music I
produce and distribute. Actually there's nothing hateful at all about my
music. Its purpose is to help young White people have a sense of
identity and pride and purpose, all things that Redstone and company are
trying to take away from them. Redstone's aim -- and the aim of the
Jewish media bosses generally, whether they're in Hollywood or on
Madison Avenue, is to alienate young White people, to uproot them,
destroy their sense of racial identity, confuse them, make them forget
their traditions and their history, and persuade them to mix with Blacks
and other non-Whites. That's why Redstone promotes rap music so heavily.
His ultimate aim is to destroy our people, our race. And because I'm
trying to counter that with Resistance Records, he calls me a "hater"
and calls the music I produce and distribute "hate rock."

Well, in addition to music, Resistance Records also produces and
distributes video games. A new game that we've just begun distributing
is named Ethnic Cleansing. The kids really love it. It's selling like
hotcakes. Not only was our music attacked in the VH1 special I
mentioned, but our new video game also was denounced as "hateful." And
then one of the most powerful and hateful Jewish pressure groups, the
Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith, also jumped on the bandwagon and
began screaming about our new game. "It's violent!" they screamed. "It
teaches children to hate!" they screamed.

Let me tell you: every video game I've seen is violent. Combat is the
most common theme of video games. That was true even back in the days of
the first, primitive video games, such as "Donkey Kong" and "Pac Man."
Most video games today involve shooting people or hacking people up with
swords or other weapons. And I'm talking about games marketed by Sumner
Redstone's fellow tribesmen. I'm talking about games produced and
distributed by Jewish media companies that make regular donations to the
Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith. The Anti-Defamation League
doesn't scream about those games.

Some parents are alarmed by the high level of violence in the video
games their children play, but the Anti-Defamation League isn't. Perhaps
violent video games aren't good for kids. I don't really know, but they
are a fact of life. Many kids spend most of their free time playing
video games.

The point is that Sumner Redstone and the Anti-Defamation League think
our game is "hateful" and "dangerous," but not other video games. Why is
that? What's the difference?

I'll tell you: our game -- Ethnic Cleansing -- is a game designed to
raise the racial consciousness of the White kids who play it. That's why
Sumner Redstone and the Anti-Defamation League hate it. That's why they
are screaming about it. That's why they're denouncing our game as
"dangerous" and complaining about the violence in it, but they aren't
complaining about other video games that are at least as violent. A game
that has an American GI in the Second World War shooting Germans is OK
with Sumner Redstone and the Anti-Defamation League. Likewise for a
Civil War game in which Yankees and Rebels slaughter each other. They
think that's fine. But our game, which involves urban guerrilla warfare
between Whites and non-Whites they call "hateful" and "dangerous." In
other words, it's OK for Whites to fight against each other. It's OK for
Whites to kill Whites. But it's not OK for Whites to fight against
non-Whites. That's taboo.

Anyway, our game, Ethnic Cleansing, is designed to break that taboo. Our
game is designed to teach White kids to stick up for their own people.
It's designed to help White kids shed the racial guilt and self-hatred,
the sense of racial inferiority, that Sumner Redstone and the folks in
the Anti-Defamation League have worked so hard to instill in them. It's
designed to help them think in terms of Whites against non-Whites
instead of Whites against other Whites. That's why VH1 and the
Anti-Defamation League hate it.

But, you know, we shouldn't be surprised about that. VH1 is owned by a
Jew. It's a Jewish propaganda channel. The Anti-Defamation League of
B'nai B'rith is a Jewish pressure group. Their aim is to destroy White
racial consciousness and to break down any feeling of White solidarity.
The last thing they want is for Whites to learn to stick up for
themselves. So we expect them to hate us and denounce us. They have
their agenda, and we have ours.

Everyone should understand that, but most people don't. The reason they
don't is that all of the mass media, even those few not yet owned by
Jews, collaborate to keep the Jewish agenda concealed from the public.
The media routinely refer to the Anti-Defamation League of B'nai B'rith
-- and from here on I'll just call it "the ADL" for short -- they
routinely refer to the ADL not as a Jewish pressure group or a Jewish
propaganda organization or even as a Jewish lobbying group, but as a
"human rights organization" or as a "civil rights group." Really. The
media want the public to believe that the ADL is an impartial group
concerned with what's good for America rather than with what's good for
the Jews. In fact, most media won't even tell you that it's a Jewish
organization, with strong ties to Israel.

So let me tell you a little about the ADL, and you'll understand better
why they do what they do. And you'll also see a little more clearly the
crookedness of virtually all of the mainstream media in America. The ADL
was organized in 1913 by a group of rich Jews specifically as a response
to a notorious child-rape and murder in Georgia. Leo Frank was a Jew who
owned a pencil factory in Atlanta. In 1913 he raped and murdered one of
his White female employees, 14-year-old Mary Phagan. He was tried,
convicted, and sentenced to death. The governor of Georgia, in response
to Jewish lobbying -- and, most believe, in response to a large Jewish
bribe -- almost immediately commuted the death sentence. Angry Georgians
then seized the Jewish child-rapist and murderer and hanged him.

The Frank case was widely reported in Georgia newspapers in great detail
and caused much hostile feeling against Jews. The purpose of the ADL was
to deal with such matters in the future by attacking and attempting to
discredit anyone opposed to Jews or Jewish policies, by generating
pro-Jewish propaganda, and by exerting influence on legislators and
other public officials in a more discreet manner than the rather clumsy
way in which the Georgia governor had been persuaded to commute the
death sentence of Leo Frank. After the formation of the state of Israel
in 1948 lobbying for military and financial aid for Israel also became a
major ADL activity.

The ADL still does all of those things today, and in my case the group's
principal activity has been attacking me and attempting to discredit me.
In fact, the ADL devotes so much of its effort to attempts to discredit
anyone who opposes Jewish policies that it is known in some quarters as
"the Defamation League." The ADL regularly refers to me as a "terrorist"
and claims that I am "linked" not only to various terrorist acts, such
as the Oklahoma City bombing, but also to bank robberies, murders, and
other acts of criminal violence. For example, my "link" to the Oklahoma
City bombing is that Tim McVeigh, whom I didn't even know existed until
I saw him on television after he was arrested -- Tim McVeigh is said to
have read and been fond of a novel I wrote 27 years ago, The Turner
Diaries. The other so-called "links" are even more tenuous. And yet the
mainstream media regularly quote the ADL in saying that I am "linked" to
terrorist and criminal activity, and they describe the ADL almost as if
it were an official source of information.

So let me tell you: I have never been involved in any terrorist or
criminal activity of any sort. But the ADL has. In November 1992, after
confidential police files were stolen from the San Francisco Police
Department, an investigation was begun that led eventually to search
warrants being issued. On April 8, 1993, both the San Francisco and the
Los Angeles offices of the ADL were searched by police teams armed with
these warrants, and more than 12,000 stolen confidential police files
were recovered. Most of these confidential police files didn't have
anything to do with criminal activity but instead contained personal
information on individuals collected by the police in connection with
driver's license applications, pistol permits, security clearances, and
other routine matters. What the individuals in all of these police files
had in common is that the ADL considered them "enemies" because they had
at one time or another, in some way, opposed some Jewish policy or some
Jewish interest. Some of the individuals in the stolen files were
legislators or other public officials that the ADL wanted to bring
pressure against.

Other criminal activity by the ADL in addition to the possession of the
stolen police files also came to light in 1993. A San Francisco Police
Department inspector, Tom Gerrard, who had been receiving payments by
the ADL to steal the files for them, fled to the Philippines to avoid
prosecution. And evidence was found during the search of the ADL's San
Francisco and Los Angeles offices that the same sort of bribery,
corruption of police agencies, and illegal collection of confidential
police files was occurring in New York, Washington, Chicago, St. Louis,
and Atlanta.

Unfortunately, the ADL already had corrupted the judicial system in
California to the point that it was able to stifle further law
enforcement action, and very shortly thereafter the mass media in
California, which initially had given substantial coverage to the case,
were persuaded to drop the matter as well.

Some of the individuals whose confidential files had been stolen by the
ADL were not ready to drop the matter, however, and they filed civil
suits against the ADL for invasion of their privacy. With the enormous
resources of organized Jewry behind it the ADL fought these lawsuits
tenaciously, appealing every adverse decision. Finally, however, after
nine years in the courts, the ADL last week paid damages of $178,000 to
the last three victims of its illegal spying. I'm sure that you didn't
see anything about that in the news last week, because after the initial
publicity back in 1993 the mainstream media have ignored the case. They
continue to refer with respect to the ADL as a "human rights
organization," with never a mention of its criminal activity. And they
continue to quote the ADL's hints and suggestions and insinuations that
I am somehow "linked" to terrorist and criminal activity. It is, of
course, the ADL, not I, who is engaged in criminal activity, but you
would never know that if your source of information is the mainstream
media. For those listeners who have access to good reference sources,
however, find yourself a copy of the Los Angeles Times from April 9,
1993, and read all about it.

Actually, the ADL's stealing of police files is the least of its
criminal activities. It just happens to be one activity where the group
made a slip and got exposed momentarily. Far more serious are the ADL's
links to organized crime: to the Jewish master swindler Marc Rich, for
example, or to the Jewish gang boss Moe Dalitz. If you were following
the news closely in January of last year, when Bill Clinton, just hours
before leaving the White House, issued a number of pardons for
criminals, an inordinately large percentage of whom were Jews, you will
perhaps remember the controversy around his pardon for Marc Rich. Rich
is a billionaire international commodities trader. He was indicted on a
large number of criminal charges, including wire fraud and money
laundering, before fleeing the country to avoid prosecution. He has
given huge sums from his ill-gotten loot to Israel and to the ADL. The
ADL chairman, Abe Foxman, wrote to Clinton specifically requesting a
pardon for Rich -- and of course, Rich got his pardon.

Moe Dalitz was the boss of Detroit's all-Jewish "Purple Gang," which got
its start smuggling illegal whiskey into the country and then branched
out into White slavery, loan-sharking, illegal gambling, and contract
murder. After the Second World War Dalitz moved into the casino business
in Las Vegas and eventually became the leading gang boss there. And he
gave generously to the ADL and other Jewish organizations. He was one of
the ADL's biggest donors during the 1970s and early 1980s. The ADL
reciprocated by presenting Dalitz with its annual "Torch of Liberty"
award at a formal dinner in his honor in Las Vegas in 1985. Dalitz and
seven other gangsters were killed in a gang shootout shortly thereafter.

What's important is not that the ADL consorts with gangsters and engages
in criminal activity. What's important is that the news media conceal
that from the public and treat the ADL as a respectable "human rights
organization" that can be relied on for accurate information about
people like me -- or about anyone the Jews consider an obstacle to their
policies. That's bad. That's very bad, and it's dangerous -- and not
just because it misinforms the public about people like me. It's
dangerous because it allows the ADL to represent itself as an authority.
It gives the ADL much more power to corrupt.

It was bad enough when Jewish groups had only their money to bribe
politicians and judges and law-enforcement officials, as in the days of
Leo Frank. But now, with the collusion of the mass media, the ADL is
able to wear a false cloak of authority. And the unfortunate fact is
that whenever a military or law-enforcement person sees someone wearing
a cloak of authority, his tendency is to salute and wait for orders.
Most of us have at least a bit of an authoritarian streak in us, and I
don't think that's necessarily a bad thing. Military and law-enforcement
people, on the average, have a much bigger streak of authoritarianism in
their personalities, and that's not necessarily a bad thing either. But
when the ADL uses its false cloak of authority to influence America's
legislative, judicial, military, and law-enforcement establishments,
that's a very bad thing -- and very dangerous for the freedom and even
for the survival of our people.

And in fact, the ADL is using the false cloak of authority bestowed on
it by the mass media to cozy up to and corrupt military and
law-enforcement people all across America. The Jewish mass media have
prepared the ground by talking so much about "hate crimes" and "hate
speech" that they have convinced large segments of the public that any
printed material or public statement that is not Politically Correct is
"hate." Anything I publish, for example, is automatically labeled as
"hate" by the media. If I criticize America's insane immigration policy,
the media will call that "hate." If I complain about the government's
policy of putting Israel's interests ahead of America's interests in the
Middle East, that's "hate" too. I could publish a book on bicycle
repair, and the Jewish media would call it "hate." The media have the
public sensitized to that word -- and they've done that deliberately.
And they have the more simpleminded elements of the public convinced
that there's something illegal about publishing or distributing anything
the media have labeled as "hate."

If, for example, members of my organization, the National Alliance,
distribute leaflets calling for a halt to immigration from the Third
World -- or even demanding that the government enforce the immigration
laws it already has by stopping illegal aliens from coming across our
southern border -- the media invariably will use the word "hate" in
every other sentence in reporting our distribution. And then some of the
simpletons will call the local police or the FBI to report that our
leaflets were left on their front porches, believing that a crime has
been committed.

All of that is bad enough. But then somebody from the local office of
the ADL will approach the local police chief and offer the ADL's help as
an authority on "hate" and "extremism." "We will explain to you how to
recognize 'hate crimes' and 'speech crimes,'" the ADL will say. "We will
teach your officers who the haters are, and we will explain why you
should keep an eye on them and harass them and arrest them whenever you
can."

Ordinarily any self-respecting police chief would resent someone like
that telling him how to do his job. He would tell the ADL busybody to
buzz off -- especially if he knows that the organization offering its
advice is a criminal organization. But usually he doesn't know that,
because the media have kept that a secret. Usually he thinks that the
ADL is an authority, almost with an official status, because the media
deliberately have created that impression. And so the ADL is able to
worm its way into local law enforcement and exert its destructive
influence on the way the law is enforced. In many cases it is able to
persuade the police to violate the civil rights of people it doesn't
like. For the police to let the ADL tell them how to recognize and treat
so-called "haters" is like the police going to the Mafia and seeking
advice on how to deal with organized crime.

And the ADL does the same thing with our armed forces. It's like having
the Pentagon hiring active, practicing al-Quaeda members to teach the
military about terrorism and how to recognize a terrorist. It sounds
crazy, but we actually have the greasiest of Jews whispering into the
ears of police and military officials all over America, telling them how
they should do their jobs. We actually have such Jews with ADL
connections installed in offices in the Pentagon, in the White House,
and in the Justice Department.

That's a bad situation. Like many other bad situations in America today
it has arisen directly from the Jewish control of the mass media.

What can we do about it? Well, you know what I'm doing. I'm building
alternative media as fast as I can to counter the Jewish media. I'm
happy to have your support for my work.

Here's something else you can do. If you know anyone in law enforcement,
ask him whether or not his department has been approached by the ADL or
has hired the ADL to give training of any sort to the personnel in his
department or whether or not any ADL propaganda has been circulating
among members of his department. If his department has had any contact
at all with the ADL, tell him what you know. Tell him that you are
alarmed and outraged that his department is involved with a criminal,
anti-American organization that is working to undermine our Bill of
Rights and destroy our Constitution. Get him to help you spread this
information to other members of his department.

Thanks for being with me again today.


==> The National Alliance has a strict anti-spamming policy.  This
information is intended for interested parties only and is not to be
indiscriminately distributed via mass e-mailing or newsgroup posting.






