From 3658062439406156047
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7818fa0b62a3979c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 21 Jul 2004 05:55:11 -0500
Date: Wed, 21 Jul 2004 06:55:08 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Warrior Questions
References: <j7dsf05c3r11hrd5liaqv964ollf74rm1t@4ax.com>
In-Reply-To: <j7dsf05c3r11hrd5liaqv964ollf74rm1t@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <1v-dnaB2WZQS1mPdRVn-gQ@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 119
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.236.102
X-Trace: sv3-5PenHf7BVkXI1P6NakGyJn12F5eEvmDhseqm5dolGWGgUdgiZI30j0yaY7Y6HB0UpdG7dPw7/pMYTI1!fur3ylf0lL6Gb+om6T34Bja/MzLAuDV/idyX7bHf6FIycJokYDvflGczqYNJketZdF2zybIGU2/9
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:10423



someone@msn.com wrote:

> Ive been playing EQ for a few months now and have moved on to my
> second toon. A dwarf warrior.  Ive been playing him for a few weeks
> now and see Ive laready made a big mistake, I made him agnostic.  I
> found some real nice underfoot armor out there but cant use it.
> 
Really thats a pretty small mistake, as 99%+ of the gear in the game has 
no religion set, and while the Underfoot gear does have a rung on the 
ladder of affordability and effectiveness, its not at all a hard rung to 
skip.  Further, as a warrior you don't even care about one of the 
advantages of Underfoot armor which is its having some wis on many of 
the pieces; a paladin will benefit more from those pieces than you will.

> Ive been reading a lot of posts on different boards but most people
> posting seem to think everyone already knows all the abreviations for
> armor and weapons.  My first few questions are about agro.  
> 
Aggro should be your principle question with a warrior, ranking ahead of 
damage production and even ahead of hp and AC.  If you can't arrange to 
get hit, then how much of a beating you can take isn't so relevant.

> -Is it easier to keep agro with 2 1 hand weapons or a 2 hand weapon?
> 
Yes.

OK, its easier in most cases with 2 1 handers, but assuming your damage 
output is the same in either case, it isn't easier by all that much; the 
big spiky damage from a two hander tends to grab attention more than the 
smaller smoother damage from paired one handers, then again, hitting a 
lot more often means that your -next- hit is going to come sooner with 
the 1 handers, and perhaps that hit will get aggro up again before the 
mob actually does anything to whoever took aggro from you.

> -So far ive gotten a Blackened Acrylia Blade in my main hand and a
> Wakizashi of the frozen skies in my off hand.  Are these good weapons
> for holding agro?  Ive read I should be using a weapon that stuns to
> hold agro but none of the posts gave a name of a weapon. Any
> suggestions?
>
I have no suggestions here, other than to post your budget.  One of the 
troubles with EQ is that the names of effects on items vary wildly even 
when the items do roughly the same thing, and so you can't go into the 
bazaar and search by "stuns" for example.  ((or to many, thats one of 
its charms.  Depends on your viewpoint))

At any rate, one approach now is to pick your race, class, and primary 
slot, then go to the bottom category and search by all effects, with the 
cash slot capped out at your budgetted amount.  Then look at the various 
weapons and read what it says about their effects.


> -Ive been told that turning a mob so its back is to the casters is a
> good thing but wasnt told why. Can anyone tell me more about this?
> 
In terms of keeping aggro, nothing comes to mind.  However, some mobs 
proc spell effects (breath weapons) which are directional; they affect 
only people in their front arc, but are AE in that arc, hitting everyone 
within spell range.  Generally this means its a good idea to have 
Everyone (not just the casters) outside of that arc, for those mobs. 
Most mobs in the game don't do this, but it can't hurt for you to 
acquire the skills and habit of doing so on all of them, so you're ready 
when you hit those mobs.

Further, anyone meleeing a mob from behind does roughly 15% more damage, 
because the mob will not dodge, parry, or riposte their blows.  Since 
many casters are pet classes, a simple way to raise their DPS [damage 
per second] is to make it easier for them to get the pets in the better 
position.  At high levels, mage and necro pets may even be rogue types, 
who do BS [backstab] damage if in the rear arc... so its very nice for 
you to learn to manuever things so the pets are in the rear.  This 
doesn't have to mean the casters themselves are in the rear arc, as they 
can put the pets on guard in a different position, or you can do things 
like back up to draw the pets into the right position... but it is one 
approach, and a handy one on runs like LDoN [Lost Dungeons of Norrath] 
adventures, where the party is constantly on the move, so the pet 
handlers can't find a convenient place to park pets to get them in the 
rear on incomings.

> Anything else I should know to be a good MT would be usefull as well,
> keep in mind I dont know all the abbreviation so please fill me in, in
> full detail.

Get your bind wounds skill up as high as you can as early as its 
convenient; assuming your budget allows it.  You'll end up in groups 
with no healer, or with hybrids as healers, and sitting on your butt to 
heal means some down time, BW helps cut that time down and costs nobody 
any mana.

Again about healing with no healer: Sit down and stay down, don't (as my 
casters all habitually do) pop up to spin around and see whats going on. 
  The way HP regen works, the longer you sit the more you regen each 
tic.  Most of the jump happens on the one minute marks.  In conjunction 
with this, if the mobs aren't hitting you too hard, then its better to 
take many mobs down in a row, and get low on HP, before finally sitting 
down to heal back up.

These numbers will be inaccurate, but here's an example of how it would 
work. Say you are facing mobs that hurt you about 20% of your HP bar 
before they die, and that it takes you a minute to kill one.  If you 
kill one starting at 100%, then sit down and regen the HP from 80%, it 
might take you 2 minutes to get that 20% back.  If you kill two of the 
same mob in a row, though, getting down to 60%, it might only take you 
three minutes to get that 80% back, because you will be using Bind 
Wounds during the first minute, and by the third minute will be getting 
almost twice as much HP back per tic as you were during the first 
minute.  This means killing 4 mobs and then healing back to full will 
take you 12 minutes, while killing 4 mobs by taking down one and then a 
second, then healing from the back to full, and repeating and healing 
back to full, will take you only 10 minutes.  But if you kill all 4 
before stopping, getting down to 20% hp, then you have the advantage of 
using BW all the way up to 70%, or 50% of your HP bar, and your heal 
rate per tic keeps going up minute after minute.  It may take you only
8 minutes to kill all four and then heal back to full.

Grage, 37 Berzerk, Luclin



