From 2447170173795711987
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b087bd68999351bd
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: My analysis of where GoD went wrong.
Date: Thu, 27 May 2004 17:37:43 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10bd2c23u410p76@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <c958mm09uo@news4.newsguy.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 74
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:3907


"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:c958mm09uo@news4.newsguy.com...

> Well, while I still play EQ and continue to keep playing for a long while,
> my interest has definitely waned.

My interest waned too but I could not keep it up, I left not too long ago.
Was a fun ride, and I thought it would go longer when I first discovered
GoD, but it didn't.

> First, I truly think they made a big mistake in making CR's so difficult
in
> GoD. No graveyards, no nearby place to bind, blue see-invis mobs that
could
> one-round a naked cleric... this was very discouraging.

Heh, not surprising that a Cleric would point to this first since you were
usually the ones facing the issue. I got to the point where I knew the run
back to Barindu so well that I usually beat the Clerics running back. But
after seeing them start to use tricks like leaving corpses at Natimbi with
Invis potions on them, I got into the habit of stopping off at Natimbi and
waiting with a dedicated spell gem set ready with Invis, See Invis,
Levitation, and SoW for returning members.

> And that leads us to the next mistake I think they made: time commitment.

Yea, the time commitments were NUTS. For those of you who went the Smith
Rondo route, don't think the sewer trials were any better. The 4th sewer
trial takes a *minimum* of 4 hours and usually I recommend players not
attempt it unless they have a full committment from all players to six
hours. I did each of the sewer trials many, many times, except for trial 4.
That one I did *once* and it took us 5 hours (after which I vowed I would
never do it again). And look at vxed, it epitomizes everything you're saying
about the long, boring and repetitive nature of these experiences: omg, you
have to kill like 100 mobs to advance and all in those same narrow
passageways that all look exactly alike. Talk about tedious.

> maybe removing all that's required to trigger the
> Smith Rondo event, for example.

I didn't really like the idea of Smith Rondo because only those players in
non-raiding guilds would bother slumming it in the sewer trials. Make it any
easier and you probably get even fewer people doing the trials. I was proud
to have been one of the few players to get flagged for all six trials and
one of the first on my server to walk into Kod'Taz without the help of a
guild. I'd hate to think what that experience would have been like if there
had been any *fewer* players attempting the trials...

I agree with the issues you've raised and would add another: GoD
requirements really polarized the classes into those that were God-blessed
and those that were God-damned (sorry, couldn't resist). So many players I
knew considered it mandatory to have pooka-charming chanters, defensive
warriors, Cleric heals only, etc.,  I always felt sorry for the many
Beastlord, Rogue, Mage, Wizard, Druid, et. al., friends I knew who begged to
get into trial groups and never did, because they were considered as not
being able to carry their weight through the trials. Yes, this was an
unenlightened view, but it was prevalent. To this day, my closest friend on
FV (a Rogue) has yet to enter Kod'Taz because he can't find a group that is
able to finish Tipt and willing to "carry" him through.

I understand some things have changed in GoD to alleviate this and I applaud
the willingness of SOE to be flexible here. But the phrase "too little, too
late" comes to mind ...

-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Elder Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie






