From -2073008613756029523
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8ccdc3b65bf20aa4
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-16 13:01:58 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Circlet of Shadows
Date: Fri, 16 Aug 2002 19:59:55 -0000
Organization: Institute of Lawsonomy, Department of Suction and Pressure
Message-ID: <slrnalqmdq.ffb.reply_in_group@tzs.net>
References: <3D5CDE51.EFAD5FA4@stny.rr.com> <slrnalqade.vse.faned@wyld.qx.net> <3D5D385A.4435333@stny.rr.com>
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.7.4 (Linux)
Cache-Post-Path: tzs.net!unknown@tzs.net
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.3.3 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 61
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:223712

In article <3D5D385A.4435333@stny.rr.com>, jaZZmanian Devil wrote:
> didn't show up. Everybody go home."  So basically, for the "average
> player" and even some higher end players, it sounds like this is a VERY
> situational item that's not *needed* that much, and sounds like zero help
> for one of those two classes that are soloing or grindin xp in a group.
> Can you give me other examples? (Please note, I'm not arguing

Little things add up.  I learned that in a much older game, called Rogue,
but I think it applies in EQ, too.  For those who are too young, Rogue was a
game from before the days of personal computers, the days when we used
computers by sitting down at terminals which were connected by serial ports
to a computer, which was shared with dozens or even hundreds of other users.

Rogue drew a map of a dungeon, using ASCII symbols, not graphics, and you
explored the dungeon, got treasure, and killed things.  Rogue is an ancestor
of Nethack, which you are more likely to have heard of.

To win at Rogue, you had to get to level 26 of the dungeon, and retrieve an
amulet, and get back out.  If you did that, you totally won, and it said so
on the high score list.  Otherwise, your score was just how much gold you
got.

The early versions of Rogue were very hard.  There were rumours of total
winners, but most people never saw one.  Later, more magical items were
added, and things were made easier, so that people could win.  Before they
made it easier, there was one person I knew at Caltech who totally owned
Rogue.  He would sit down at the terminal, start playing, and 30 minutes
later, he'd be a total winner.  We'd watch him play, and it didn't look like
he was doing anything different than the rest of us--except he won, and we
didn't.  Very occasionally, someone else would totally win...and then this
guy would come in, sit down, and put enough total winners on the high score
list to push the other person off...and we'd watch, and still not see how he
did it.

Finally, he explained it to us.  He just did everything perfectly.  For
example, consider exploring a dark room.  He'd never take an extra step.  He
would step on the minimum number of spaces necessary to explore the room.
That meant there was a *slightly* lower chance that he'd spring a trap than
the rest of us, who would not be quite so careful.  Later, when coming back
through that room when running out of the dungeon, he would only step on
spaces he had stepped on when going down.  The rest of us would take the
shortest path, even if it meant stepping on new spaces.  Again, we had a
*slightly* higher chance of springing traps.

The traps didn't do much damage, so what's the big deal?  In that particular
case, it isn't a big deal...it just meant he was, on average, at slightly
higher health than us, and so, on average, would win more fights.  It might
only be 1 in 50 games that this particular thing would make a difference.
However, he had a bunch of other things like that.  There were maybe 50
things he did that seemed insignificant, but each one gave him a *slightly*
better chance of winning than what the rest of us did, and when you put them
all together, he was overwhelmingly better than us.

In EQ, I think something similar happens.  Maybe a CoS only gives a slight
advantage, and then only in some circumstances, but combine that with all
the other slight advantage things that the high end players do, and they add
up.  Part of being uber, from what I've seen looking at some uberguild
sites, and talking to a friend who was in an uberguild, is doing all the
little things right.

--Tim Smith


