From 3725528470037123452
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,19d859c6c73fbfa8,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-27 09:30:07 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed2.netcologne.de!news.netcologne.de!image.surnet.ru!newsfeed.frii.net!newsfeed.frii.net!not-for-mail
From: Hippie Ramone <kdeacon@brand.scrye.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: First Ring of Vulak Attempt
Date: Mon, 27 Oct 2003 16:42:25 +0000 (UTC)
Organization: scrye.com
Message-ID: <bnjhth$i8h$1@brand.scrye.com>
X-Complaints-To: news@brand.scrye.com
User-Agent: tin/1.4.4-20000803 ("Vet for the Insane") (UNIX) (Linux/2.4.20-20.9 (i686))
Lines: 62
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.17.180.1
X-Trace: 1067275802 news.frii.net 199 216.17.180.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:4600

We had a rare opportunity this past sunday.  ALL of the NToV named were up and
that meant Ring of Vulak was there to be tried.  The call was put out and
after doing the Maiden's trial in HoH we decide to head over.  Getting our
30ish folks into ToV was interesting to say the least since this was the
first time more many of us to try to get there having KOS faction.  Sont
was up also to add to the joy.  But after some adroit bard kiting of Sonty
we get everyone inside ToV after about an hour (had to do CR on a cleric
who got himself ganked in SG).  So we set up at ZI and monk goes and pulls
and everything dies pretty easily.  Then we see hatchlings inc, wtf?, those 
are killed and we move up into the hatchling room.  Someone managed to agro
all of the Big Wyverns on the left causing a bit of death and some mayhem but
they all get killed pretty easily.  So folks get rezzed and buffed up, monk
goes out and pulls Theldak(sp?) and we beat on him but lo and behold Ikiatar
comes along too just delayed!  Fun!  Those two get split tanked for a bit
and killed, even with our most amazingly awesome positioning skills we only
managed to get 3-4 folks stuck behind a firepot on Ikky.  Ok, Ikky is dead
we move up to Aary ramp and....directions are not followed someone goes left!
So we take a time out to oblierate hatchilings and the named.  Pause a bit,
check buffs, monk pulls Aary guards all is good.  A paladin is tasked to 
tank Aary and quite surprisingly except for some pushes out of range Aary
goes well 0 deaths.  Up into the pit and it's Flurry Drake time, always fun.
Skipping some details Fesh, Dagarn, the triplets all die fairly handily.
Gratz me on upgrading my Belt of the Four Winds finally with the Belt of the
Destroyer. :)  (Best loot that dropped our entire time there).  Then we move
to Nev.  Nev is IMHO the most annoying fight of all the Lords/Ladies in NToV.
Even with 500 MR about 50% of the time it was spin spin spin spin, accompanied
in /rs with "omfg if I puke on my keyboard SOE will have to buy me a new one".
Nev is not well loved.  So onward we push to Lady Meri(?) whichever she's an 
SK so there we are beating her up and along wanders Lord Koi! wtf!  So I run
over and start off tanking Koi (who's larger than a Trident submarine btw).
This dual set of combats takes awhile, since a couple of our wizzos got munched
by Koi when he came up to join the fun.  Meri dies and the team moves in with
a vengance to gank Koi.  Koi ended up being a) not being all that difficult and
b) pointing out once again that as a raid crew our collective skill at 
positioning waffles between mediocre and complete and total suckage.  Koi
was a suckage moment.  Kept getting walled, or impaled on a corner just
annoying.  But Koi dies.  So after rezzing and rebuffing we move up and 
clear/set up for Vyemm.  Vyemm is fun, reminds me of my early days back in 
Najena with the Tentacles and lets face it, seeing virtually all your raid
crew smashed into the same wall is pretty amusing.  anyways, Yay! all the
Lords/Ladies are now dead!  Time to start Ring of Vulak (RoV).
    RoV is a long ass event and once you start it the only ways out are win,
evac, or death.  After you send in someone (monk) to go sit in the ring as
the ring trigger 3 really vile DT mobs spawn just at the start of the corridor
leading to the bridge to Vulak spawn.  These are bad, very bad, if you get too
close to them via push or just moving around *ZOT* yer dead and you get the
added joy have having 1 extra carrior drake thing spawn per death for your
killing pleasure.  Needless to say, after the first time we have like 5-6 folks
DT'd positioning with respect to the DT critters was flawless. Imagine that?
Anyways, there are 17 waves to RoV and we do pretty well, up to wave 6-7.
Seems that on wave 6 some of the drakes are splitters that split up to 11 times.
This caused some confusion as to what it meant and we eventually just killed
all the drakes in wave 6 to find out that .... When wave 7 spawned (3 Flurry)
drakes we got an additional 4 from our killing of the splitters.  That spelled
the end for us, just a bit too much to handle and folks were getting tired.
We ended up with a total wipeout and did the ole summons for CR.  All in all
it was a very very fun day and event.  Next time we will probably keep both
of the splitters alive for the remainder of the ring.  It's intense while the
mobs are up and I do highly recommend if you get the chance to try doing
Vulak's ring.  Two thumbs up!

K


