From 267558598399230653
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d10744b62037cc68,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-24 22:06:04 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.elcjn1.sdca.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Bat Child (Sue M.)" <batchild1@home.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Older article in San Diego Union-Tribune about EQ
Organization: Knights of Xemu
Reply-To: batchild1@home.com
Message-ID: <feo15u085fkb28ckg9bdel4k2008v1ltkl@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 272
Date: Fri, 25 Jan 2002 06:06:01 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.177.37.138
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.elcjn1.sdca.home.com 1011938761 24.177.37.138 (Thu, 24 Jan 2002 22:06:01 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 24 Jan 2002 22:06:01 PST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:160091

From the 1/2/2001 issue of the San Diego "Union-Tribune":

====================

It's virtually real
The online game EverQuest began in San Diego, and now more than
330,000 people worldwide pay to play

Stories by Kathryn Balint
Staff Writer

'Tis the tale of a mystical new world, the people who dwell there, and
their never-ending quest for adventure and fellowship.

In this strange medieval setting, people slay mythical creatures, seek
elusive treasures and form alliances to help each other.

They sew clothes, buy goods at the market and attend parties and
poetry readings.  They earn money to buy food, and put their savings
in the bank.

Some marry.  Many die.

So goes the universe of EverQuest, a wildly popular online
role-playing game that was conceived here in San Diego, and which is
being acted out by tens of thousands of players at any given moment.

EverQuest is at the forefront of a new breed of video games:  one that
combines the interactivity of computer software with the social
interaction of the Internet.

In many ways, the game is the Digital Age version of the 1970s
role-playing game Dungeons & Dragons, in which players pretend to be
wizards and warriors fighting make-believe monsters.

Such fantasies apparently hold universal appeal.

From Borneo to Belgium, Australia to the United States, more than
330,000 people have paid $30 or so for EverQuest's software, plus
$9.89 a month over and above their regular Internet access fees for
the opportunity to masquerade as an elf or any one of a dozen other
"races" in EverQuest's virtual world.

The game has no clear winner.  There is never a clear end to it.

And for many, there is no clear line between the real world and this
fantasy world.

"It is part of the real world, just as Disneyland is part of the real
world," insists EverQuest regular Bridget Agabra Goldstein.

"We know that Mickey is just a kid inside a suit, but our experiences
there are real.  EverQuest, and other online situations, are just
other arenas for the same old human interactions--having fun, falling
in love, taking safe risks, feeling a bit of a thrill, learning and
mastering something new."

It's not for kids

Just who are these players who hole up in front of their computers an
average of 20 hours a week exploring virtual continents, battling
computer-generated enemies and making real friends?

Two out of every three players are between the ages of 13 and 29, and
nine out of 10 are male.

But there are players representing just about all walks of life:
judges and lawyers, septuagenarians, even married couples and entire
families who play together.

This is not a game for young children, though.

For starters, it's not easy.  It also requires the ability to read and
write because all of the communication in the game is text-based.

Then there's the violence:  characters basically kill to survive.  But
at least the slaughter occurs with no blood-spattering, guts-spilling
graphic effects on the screen.  

Unlike EverQuest's closest competitor, Ultima Online, where powerful,
established players get their jollies slaughtering unsuspecting
"newbies," EQ players have the option of deciding whether they want
their character to be able to kill other players.  

Only about one in 10 choose to be a player killer, and even then,
they're forbidden from fighting unless they challenge the character
and the challenge is accepted, said Scott McDaniel, Sony Online's
executive director of marketing and public relations.

The point of the game is to climb "levels," beginning at 1 until you
reach the most powerful of all, 60.  Some people don't necessarily
want to get to the top.  They're just playing for the camaraderie.
Others spend months and months trying to work their way through the
levels.

Characters earn "experience points" by slaying computer-generated
foes.

But there's more to the game than just killing.

EverQuest has its own thriving economy and its own flourishing social
life.

And those two aspects of this online world cross over from fantasy
into real life as no other computer game has. 

Characters need food and weapons.

So, naturally, they have to make money to buy these necessities.  Some
do so by selling loot they find on their kill.  Others learn a trade,
jewelry making or tailoring, for instance, then sell their wares at
in-game auctions.

And then there are those who auction off their otherworldly goods for
real, honest-to-goodness cash in the real-world marketplace.

Sony forbids the practice as a matter of fairness, yet as many as
4,000 EverQuest items are listed on eBay at any given time.

An "Xegony Froglok Scale Chestplate" fetched $355.  And bidding on an
entire character, a level 55 wizard complete with fishbone earring,
evil eye bag and ceremonial dagger, was approaching $1,000 recently.

After the auction, the seller and the winning bidder meet online in
EverQuest and exchange the virtual goods.  

Friendship is key

But it's the relationships that people build while playing the game
that blur the line between fantasy and reality more than anything
else.

A good part of the game play involves going on quests for hard-to-get
treasures, usually too big a job for just one person.  That's where a
bunch of friends come in handy.

Many players belong to "guilds," whose members help each other out,
and, in the process, form lasting friendships that transcend the
boundaries of the digital world.

WHen little Dawn Leiker, whose parents were EverQuest fans, was
battling leukemia, updates on her progress were posted on the game's
main message board.  EQ players sent notes of encouragement, and
mourned when she died last October, at age 7.

There's the tale of the player who couldn't afford to fix his
computer.  As EQ community relations manager Cindy Archuleta tells the
story, everyone in his guild pitched in to pay for its repair.

And there's the story Archuleta relates about the young woman who was
going through a divorce.  Her guild mates chipped in to pay her way to
a get-together of EQ players in Las Vegas last November.  

Marriages--both in real life and those strictly of the virtual
variety--are major events. 

Computer programmer Tracy Schuhwerk and his wife, Raina, a medical
student, "met" in EverQuest in 1998, when they were among the first
100 beta testers for the game.  

He was a "human ranger" named Modium.  She was a "wood elf warrior"
named Kilian.

They--the real life people behind the characters, that is--married
this past October.

"We had so much fun initially just talking, becoming friends and
exploring the areas that we could survive in together," Schuhwerk
said.

"It became very apparent that the main person I wanted to see when I
got into EverQuest was Raina.  We would meet on a daily basis and play
together.

"We had a unique advantage in that we spent so much time ignoring the
physical side of the relationship and learning the mental side of each
other, that when we met face-to-face, we knew each other amazingly
well."

Now that they're married, they continue to maintain their own separate
EverQuest accounts so that their characters still see one another
online.

Gamut of emotions

Sometimes, these online lives get really weird.

Players have been known to take marriage vows online before an
entourage of EQ friends--even though they were already spoken for by
someone else in real life.  

Suicide threats are not unheard of.

Sony's technical support staff, which patrols EverQuest's virtual
world in the form of "game masters," are trained to keep the suicidal
person chatting online while they notify authorities.

"Usually, they're upset over something that's happened in their real
life," said head game master Michelle Butler.

Ask almost any player about EverQuest, and the conversation is sure to
turn to a discussion of its addictive nature.

They don't nickname it "EverCrack" and "NeverRest" for nothing.

Tales abound of players who spent so much time online that they lost
their jobs or spouses.

"It is very addictive," said player Gerald Goff.  "You get emotionally
involved with people online."

That emotional involvement keeps pulling people back, which was the
result the EverQuest team had intended.

One of the game's developers, Geoffery Zatkin, was hired because he
has a degree in psychology and was experienced with online
communities.

"EverQuest is really a game about bringing people into contact with
one another, and everything else is secondary," Zatkin said.

"We built a world in which you can't win and it doesn't end.  We were
trying to mimic real life."

EverQuest is just the beginning of a revolution in video games.

Sony, which initially marketed EverQuest to hard-core gamers, is
broadening its reach.

"There's a large number of people who would love to play a game like
EverQuest, but they don't even know it exists," said Brad McQuaid,
EverQuest's executive producer.

But just in case EQ doesn't capture your fancy, Sony has other online,
multiplayer games in the works that may:  Star Wars Galaxies, based on
the movie; PlanetSide, an action game that takes place in a distant
galaxy; and Sovereign, a political strategy game.  

Market research firm Datamonitor estimated U.S. online gaming revenues
at $57 million in 1999.  But the firm says that will soar to $2.8
billion by the year 2004.

-----------------------------------

Includes several pictures:

1) picture of game master Michael Hansen playing EQ with the caption,
"Michael Hansen, an EverQuest game master who goes by the name
'Isuldour,' provides technical support for online players.  He works
at Verant Interactive's Sorrento Mesa office."

2) illustration of a drolvarg with the caption, "A drolvarg, a type of
warrior in the game."

3) illustration of another mob (which I don't know what it is) with no
caption.

4)  Illustration of what looks like a furbie (burynai) with the
caption, "EverQuest has more than 24,000 computer-generated
characters, from guards who can save a player's life to Minotaurs who
attack everyone who comes near." (hmm, maybe it's a picture of a
Minotaur; do Minotaurs look like furbies?)

--------------------------------------

Copyright 2001 San Diego Union-Tribune

====================


http://members.home.net/batchild1
http://members.home.net/scorseseinfo


