From 7642199204441317494
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4e7076a4eb4a1536
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-12 07:37:34 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed1.uncensored-news.com!propagator-la!news-in-la.newsfeeds.com!news-in.superfeed.net!newsfeed.onenet.net!leto.ou.edu!ounews.ou.edu!not-for-mail
From: "Brian E. Parker" <beparker@reply.in.the.group.plz>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3BC6F375.A21156AD@stny.rr.com>
Subject: Re: Taking a Break
Lines: 154
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Message-ID: <JeDx7.1443$c4.35992767@ounews.ou.edu>
Date: Fri, 12 Oct 2001 09:37:08 -0500
NNTP-Posting-Host: 167.16.161.39
X-Complaints-To: news@ou.edu
X-Trace: ounews.ou.edu 1002897449 167.16.161.39 (Fri, 12 Oct 2001 09:37:29 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 12 Oct 2001 09:37:29 CDT
Organization: The University of Oklahoma
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:125854

"Jakugg" <jshaw@stny.rr.com> wrote in message
news:3BC6F375.A21156AD@stny.rr.com...
> Have you ever walked away from EQ for a while? And if so, how did that
> go for you and how was it coming back later on?

Not in the way you are talking about.  I quit for a week for the Hell of it
and another week and a half on vacation, like you did.  I don't watch TV, so
I basically read during that time.  Going back wasn't a biggee, because of
the short span away.

> I came to the conclusion last night that I need to take the advice I've
> seen given to so many others, and "put down the mouse and step <away>
> from the computer!"  And no, this is not another of the tired old
> "Verant SuXX0rs! I fucking quit! DAoC R00lz!" posts. I'm not deleting my
> characters, or even cancelling my account, nor going to a new game. I
> just need to do ....... something else .......... for a while.

You'll enjoy it.  Go for a walk each night with your wife and enjoy the
foliage ( assuming there is some where you are ).  Breathe the fresh air (
ditto ).  Talk about the fun you had when you were dating and what you did
back then.  Call friends that you may have neglected while playing EQ and
invite them over for some grillin' and beer.

> I've realized that I've gotten totally addicted to this game to the
> point where it's impacting my life, and I don't like that feeling. I've
> realized that I have finished reading *one* book this year, except when
> I was on vacation camping when I read *five* in one and a half weeks.
> I've basically stopped reading. :-(

Same here.  I used to read a book every day or 2.  Now, I don't read at all,
because I'm too tired when I go to bed.  Last night, I put together a desk
for my wife for her computer.  I got home late to begin with, and it took me
about 3 hours to do it ( along with upgrading my computer a little bit ).
When I was done, it was about 11:00p.  "Go to bed" I told myself.  Did I?
Nope.  I "had" to log on to let our Cleric know that she couldn't wear the
Tunic she wants from the TOFS because she is a High Elf, unless she wanted
to do the "purification" quest with it in Stonebrunt.  I logged on, the
group wasn't on, so I killed about 8 Evil eyes and realized I was having no
fun, so I logged off.

Did I "have" to log on?  Nope.  Could telling her about that have waited?
Most definitely.  But, I logged on, anyway.  Sheesh.

>   My wife and I have been to a total of *one* movie, and *one* play
> since we started seriously playing early this year. I used to enjoy
> watching several shows on television. I would go into work the next day,
> and my friends and colleagues would discuss these shows. Now I'm not

Make Friday night "date night".  Do something together, go to dinner or a
movie, or rent movies, etc.  I have a Nintendo 64 that I never use, but I
found a game that she actually likes on it - Gauntlet Legends.  We play that
once in a while on Date Night.  I also bought her Banjo-kazooie, and she'll
play it while I watch, and we both have a good laugh.  She doesn't really
resent the time I put into EQ because she has her own interests.  She likes
TV, I hate it.  She crossstitches (sp?), not my bag, baby.  She's a teacher
so has a lot of planning to do, and she is taking Master's classes, so she's
busy with her stuff.  We knew each other 18 years before we got married and
were good friends that whole time, so there's no bullshit between us.  If
she wants to do something, she tells me and we do it - no hinting and hoping
I get the hint then getting mad when I ignore the hint.

Kinda went off subject there, but the point is that we make time for each
other regularly, and if there's something that either of us wants the other
to participate in, we let them know in advance so they can clear their
"schedule".  You can still play EQ and still do the things you liked before
EQ, just decide you going to do them and -DO THEM-, guild-be-damned.

> even sure if they are still on the air, and my friends have given up
> asking me if I saw them. ("uhh... no, I was ...... errr..... busy.") We
> hardly ever go out to dinner any more, nor even cook any really big
> elaborate meals at home. Delivery chinese food and pizza has apparently
> become easily 25% of my diet.

I can associate with this one.  We both like to cook, but we don't as much
anymore.  That will change as it gets colder out, as we don't like to heat
up the house in the summer with the range.  Get a George Foreman's grill if
you don't have one =)

>   Anyway, I thought I would share that and ask if anybody else has gone
> through the same thing. I'm going to log on tonight to inform my closest
> friends and regular hunting partners, and make good on a
> promise/commitment I already made to help somebody in Norrath today.

Yeah, most of us that had a life before EQ have ( are ) gone ( going )
through the same thing.  You not be alone!

> Then I think I'm going to shut down the computer and go to the local
> bookstore. Hell, I might even take in a movie. And I'll come back when

Pick up "Dream Park" by Larry Niven and some other guy ( Stephen Barnes? ).
I think it was originally published in 1981.  I read it when it came out
while I was in the hospital and loved it.  I was hugely into D&D at the
time, and it has something to do with that ( futuristic D&D ).  Even if you
aren't a fantasy-fiction person, read it.

> I'm feeling a little more "normal" again. Maybe when SoL comes out. I
> know I'll need to find new hunting partners when I come back, as my
> friends will likely all be 55+, in uberguilds, and hunting in ToV and
> Sleepers by then, but that's ok. I'm sure lots more folks will make it
> up into the fifty range by then. Never know who you'll meet.

When I quit doing the Pyzjn camp at level 27, I went to EFrost and killed a
few mammoths to ding 28.  Then I headed over to FM to kill giants and grind
some EXP.  That's all I did until I hit 31 and a few blues.  All I wanted to
do was get my lvl 29 spells.  Then I just wanted to get through Hell.  Then
I wanted to get through post-hell without dying.  Ya know what?  I didn't
enjoy it.  I cranked out some great EXP in FM and the OT, but it wasn't fun.
Mainly because I wasn't being an enchanter, I would just buff some, debuff
the mob, slow it and med.  God, I feel bad for clerics!

Then, some guys I hunted with in Sol A in my earlier 20s kept giving me
tells to head to Unrest with them.  I didn't want to leave the OT because it
was a) Great EXP, pulling red after red and b) NO chance of dying.  Single
pulls, 1 add a night, maybe.

I finally gave in and I have been having the best time EVER in eq since I
hooked up with them again.  I died 4 times in level 31 ( once because of the
zoning bug, but that's a long story ), but ya know, I didn't care!  I
was -exploring- and fighting with fun, intelligent, older ( we're all 30+ )
hilarious people that just enjoyed playing and not cranking EXP.  We spent 6
hours one day just running around Norrath collecting quest parts and
equipment that any of us needed.  We would get something for the Druid, and
then they'd ask "Who's next?"  I told them I could use the Dust from Unrest
and the Wand from Cazic ( a place we all love ) for my Wand quest, so we
ported over and got each of them.  Then it was off to the Karanas to kill
some guy for the Cleric.  Then, we'd port around picking up Staff of the
Wheel "spokes" for the Wiz.

I finally figured out how I like to play EQ - with these guys, anytime,
wherever we are.  No "this zone at this level" anymore.

I'm going to be cutting down my playing time some, but I'm not going to
stop, now that I found some incredible people to play with.  It hit me
pretty hard when I went out to start up the Motorcycle to find that the new
battery was almost dead.  Had it been that long since I'd been out riding?
Yup.  MONTHS.

You probably could use some time off, but you may want to consider some
other options.  Just playing EQ on Tuesdays, Thursdays, and Sundays.  Only
if the house is clean.  Only if the lawn is mowed.  Only if ...

Go.  Read a book.  In the park.  With your wife and all the typical picnic
supplies.  And when you look at the clouds easing by, don't be surprised if
they aren't heading west.

--
Zymyool, 32th lvl Gnomish Chanter ( 4 deaths at lvl 31 was Fun! )
Pheilmi, 21st lvl Gnomish Necro ( heading to the Lake of Ill Manners )
Draglorvin, 20th lvl Dwarven Warrior ( In Highpass, awaiting instructions )
Duesservus, 6th lvl Dwarven Cleric ( On hold )
Karana Server





