From 3438049269127457751
X-Google-Thread: fb739,87808fb5a4ded42e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!pd7cy2so!pd7cy1no!shaw.ca!pd7tw1no.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
X-Trace-PostClient-IP: 70.68.163.157
From: 42 <nospam@nospam.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Nothing Changes, can that be fixed?
Message-ID: <MPG.1c29082df167c504989920@shawnews>
References: <J_GdnYyOKLbKciPcRVn-rw@dejazzd.com>
Organization: na
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-15"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
User-Agent: MicroPlanet-Gravity/2.70.2061
Lines: 153
Date: Tue, 14 Dec 2004 22:25:13 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.59.144.74
X-Complaints-To: abuse@shaw.ca
X-Trace: pd7tw1no 1103063113 64.59.144.74 (Tue, 14 Dec 2004 15:25:13 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 14 Dec 2004 15:25:13 MST
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26720

In article <J_GdnYyOKLbKciPcRVn-rw@dejazzd.com>, emporer@dejazzd.com 
says...
> MMOG's in general, and I'm mostly thinking EQ1, which is the only one I 
> have personal experience with, have a problem.
> 
> In order to give content to thousands of people at once, they can't have 
> mobs stay dead.  There's always another orc along to take the last one's 
> place, as there are thousands of people who haven't killed that orc yet. 
>   Plus, the world is simply too small to include enough orcs for even 
> one character to kill his quota of them without them being replaced.

In the case of orcs at least there is nothing wrong with having a self 
replenishing 'horde' :)

 
> Problem is, this leads to a treadmill world, where nothing you do 
> matters, where nothing changes, and the only progress you make is in 
> advancing yourself.  Even then, there's no real point to doing so, 
> because nothing you do as a more powerful version of yourself is going 
> to make any difference either.

Natch.
 
> When instancing was introduced into EQ, it looked like a potential 
> solution to this problem; you could create a zone where things could be 
> changed, by allowing only the PC, or his group at any rate, to enter it, 
> and by creating a situation where the next group to come along could 
> simply enter an identical version of that zone on their own.  No 
> crowding, no lack of things to kill.  Problem is, this also took away 
> the MM part of the OG; you didn't have to deal with those other people 
> anymore, the rest of EQ was simply a big chat room where you could meet 
> people to go play in an instance with.  And, as I'll explain later, I 
> think they missed most of the point of the instancing idea anyway; yes, 
> things died inside and stayed dead, but once you left, you could pretty 
> much return to the same place and do it all over again; you still had 
> respawn, so nothing changed.

> A compromise solution might work though, and I think one has already 
> been suggested more or less: have normal zones, but with mini zones 
> inside where the "boss encounters" lie, and instance the mini zones. 

I have suggested that, and remain in favour of it, but I may not have 
been the first. 

> Thus, everyone fights their way thru Crushbone, for example, but instead 
> of waiting in line at the castle for their shot at Emporer Crush, have 
> that be an instanced mini zone, if you make it that far, you zone in and 
> have the castle itself to take out without competion (or outside help)
> 
> In order to give it that "he is gone" feel, all you'd have to do is make 
> it so killing the Emperor flags you so that you can't enter that 
> particular instance again.
> 
> To get the "and the story evolves from there" part, you create zone 
> Castle B, which you enter instead of Castle A, if you've killed the 
> Emperor in the past.  You could even do things like have an entire 
> different Crushbone which you enter if you killed the emporer, so that 
> fighting your way back out isn't as hard, with the orcs demoralized from 
> having lost their leader.
> 
> In EQ1 they flirted this idea with the LOY expansion, but they did it, 

You mean LDON expansion?

> IMO, in a way opposite that needed to address these questions; instead 
> of static zones with changing content, they gave us randomly selected 
> zones from a single entrance, with predictable but randomly scattered 
> content.  Nothing was every achieved, nothing ever really changed.
> 
> I guess the flaw with my idea comes when you introduce randomly formed 
> groups; if your initial group consists of A, B, and C, and you kill off 
> Crush, but then later you are in a group of A, D, and E, where neither D 
> or E have killed Crush yet, can you take that group into Castle 1, where 
> Crush still lives, or into Castle 2, where Crush is dead, although D and 
> E haven't killed him yet.

That is 'a flaw' but I dont think its 'the flaw'.

I think 'the flaw' is that the game isn't really changing. We've just 
added a bit of illusion that it is, the player will know that they've 
killed Emperor crush, but they also know that he's been killed before by 
others, and will be killed again by others. Just not by him.

On some level its no different than shifting your faction a level. 
Suddenly a part of the world responds a little differently to you but 
you won't get the feeling you 'changed' it. You'll get the feeling 
you've changed yourself.

ie killing Crush will -feel- more like you 'flagged your own character' 
than you 'changed the world'.

Don't get me wrong, I still like the idea. It will add to the game. I 
just don't think think it will bring about the effect you want.

----------------------------------------------------------------

I think, the best way to change the world is to *change the world*. :)

Set respawn limits, plan story arcs, and start doing things.

After 10,000 orcs have died and the line of 200 emperors has been taken 
the low level orcs scatter to the forest where they will respawn for 
another couple weeks and then respawn no more.

Meanwhile, a new threat takes its home in the zone, with different 
drops, different level ranges, etc.

Think the hollowshade war, with its player manipulatable cycles of mobs 
at the various camps... except on a much grander and more complicated 
scale spanning multiple zones. And instead of just being a simple cycle, 
make it a spiral, so that it looks like its looping, but every now and 
then it doesn't turn out the same, and it never goes back to the way it 
was before. E.g. after a few dozen cycles instead of the owlbear mother, 
you get the Legendary Owlbear Patriarch, and after he dies there aren't 
any more owlbears in the cycle... perhaps a small outpost of low level 
ones moves into Crush bone for a while...next time that zone cycles and 
the former home the owlbears is inhabited by a new menace... or perhaps 
a new friendly outpost is established instead... for a while...

It would require some rethinking on how quests work. And it would 
require some rethinking on how endgame raiding/progression works.

If the devs completely control the direction of the spiral, and just let 
the players push the story along the spiral that would be an 
improvement.

If the devs relinquished some control and provided branches, such that 
the playerbase was driving the the direction of the story instead of 
just following it, that would be ideal... e.g. Cazic and Rallos are 
vying for control of an area and leave it in the players hands who's 
going to prevail, and set the tone of the next series of events there 
based on that. Or set it up so that a faction is trying shut down access 
to PoK and the players can either prevent or further it. Make it a 
perpetual struggle, and if the defense faction is on top the pok is 
open, and if not its closed. Or make it a little more complex so that 
each book is fought for independantly...

Expansions should include new content, *and* replace/modify old content 
and should be included in the base subscription price so that every one 
gets them automatically. (Part of the problem with EQ expansions is 
dealing with simultaneously supporting players who didn't buy the 
expansion and issues with they way they try to lure them to buy the 
expansion.) 

The company should commit to a certain number of expansions per year. 
(2-3). Zones should be rebuilt from scratch periodically to allow for 
'events'. (Although old zone data could be kept around and used in 
creative ways... you could even play with 'time warp' or 'alternate 
reality' type portals to take you on a quest to "a living Freeport 
before the meteorite turned it into a haunted ruins at the bottom of a 
lake." ... type deal.

I'd pay 25/mo to get a truly living world with bundled expansions.


