From 6833846195224522698
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,764d2424e23c2781,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-13 07:12:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Weird Zone Glitch
Date: Fri, 13 Jul 2001 10:09:24 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3B4F0114.B9752287@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 46
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:94993

Last night we ran into some serious weirdness on Xev and I was wondering
if anybody else did/has experienced anything similar.  We were in a
group outside of the Velk's lab entrance in GD pulling Kodiaks and
shardwurms. Suddenly, I start getting read numbers on the lag bar. Uh,
oh. Goind LD. Oh well, that happens. We were in the process of fighting
a single Feral bear, so I wasn't worried. I was near full health and way
ahead of it in points. Even with no heals, I can generally solo one of
those, particularly if I'm fighting in the theoretical "NPC Mode" that
we supposedly go into on a LD during combat.
  But I don't finish going LD.  The bar keeps cycling up to about 30%
and back to green numbers, up and down, up and down. All this time I'm
standing there staring at the bear, registering no hits from him, and
none by me on him. This goes on for a full uncomfortable minute, and I
look around and of course, it appears that me and the bear are alone
here. (Typical of a LD). I finally give up and go sit in the safe room
to the side of the tunnel to the VL entrance and camp. I wait a minute
or so and try to camp back in, but I get the 1018 error that I already
have an active character on the server. Hrmmmm..... Usually clears by
then, but I figure WTF and go grab a drink and come back. Try again, and
same results up to five minutes later.  Now I'm getting concerned,
because if my warrior is still just standing there five minutes later, I
could have a pack of wanderers on my ass by now.
  I log into the chat server and find *numerous* people all with the
same complaint. The GM asks a few questions, and we quickly determine
that the server is up with a lot of people on it, but almost everyone
with this problem was either in Great Divide or GFey.   Shortly we get a
message that it will be several hours before they can kick the world and
there is no firm estimate of when the problem will clear. We couldn't
even log into a *different* server, because we got a message that we
still had a character on Xev.  We were all locked out, and couldn't
access anything else except either the test server or chat.
   I know that I'm either going to log on today and find myself standing
outside of VL ready to rock, or naked in Thurgadin and face the long
wait for a petition for a GM rez.  *shrug*.  Ever run into anything like
that, where just a couple of zones go down and lock you out of the
entire game?
--
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 40 Campaigns
a.k.a.
Jakys Lv'Tyrr, the Mad Monk of Qeynos
Monk of 25 Seasons, Silent Fist
- - - -
"Anything more than a metric buttload of mobs is a bardic pull."
Arolpin Lorespinner




