From 5999468323740487125
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e4112454b38a2f89,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-22 13:51:33 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <d9ed3cd6c1cd7318b25e15b6fdf8d482@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news-out1.nntp.be!propagator2-sterling!news-in-sterling.nuthinbutnews.com!snoopy.risq.qc.ca!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!newsfeed.telus.net!news3.optonline.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Wed, 22 Oct 2003 20:47:51 GMT
Lines: 43
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Idea for the next expansion
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:3924

Expansion Idea: The Undermountains of the Raithe

Deep under the Raithe mountains lurks a new evil.  The lost city of the 
tunnel gnomes, halflings who have spent their entire lives mining in the 
tunnels, has discovered that the near-by dark elven city of Kalontak has 
forged alliances with the mountain giants and the Eye-lords.  Their 
mining has also opened up two lost caverns, one the lair of an ancient 
and powerful Lich, the other of a lost child of Veeshan, the dragon 
Karonak.  The dark elves are worshippers of a new dark god, the demon 
lord Garounz.  Their high priests have opened a gateway to his realm, 
the Plane of Chaos, and have brought fourth a raiding force of horrid 
black-skinned winged demons (demon models from Plane of Fire with black 
skin and red eyes).  The dark elves are mobilizing and will soon use 
their giant and eye-lord allies to infiltrate the city of the deep 
gnomes and eventually all of Norrath.  Even the most evil of Neriak's 
lords recognize that this sister city would threaten them.  They are a 
danger to all the races of Norrath as is their demon god.

Gameplay:  There could be many zones, all of them underground.  The 
entrance to this new expansion could be in the Raithe mountains, near 
the Ferott zone.  There are three cities, one non-KOS to all, the tunnel 
gnomes, and two cities of evil, the mountain giant city and the dark elf 
city of Kalontak.  The dark elf city is KOS to all, all the time, but 
people can ally with the mountain giants and perform quests for them. 
In the deep gnome city are quests and instanced dungeons ala LDoN with a 
variety of tasks such as clearing the mines on a new mining route or 
destroying a party of dark elves that have infiltrated an area.

There could be five such "wayfarer-style" quest givers for tunnel gnome, 
mountain giant, lich, eye-lord, and dark elf realms.  These are on top 
of the normal traveling and raiding zones that exist in the expansion.

The mountain giant, dark elf, eye lord, and lich zones are also raiding 
zones.  The Plane of Chaos is your uber-zone with challenges for Plane 
of Time level guilds but also some encounters possible by level 65 
non-uber guilded folk.  Each of the instanced dungeons could have raid 
encounters as well.

Progression includes new wayfarer equipment, new AA abilities, more 
quests, tradeskills, and spells.

Just an idea =)



