From -4665528993867236655
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c0197f867cef646c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-12 18:20:10 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!netnews.com!nntp.abs.net!newsfeed.cwix.com!Einstein!ef-01.usenetserver.com!cyclone-atl1!newsfeeds-atl1.usenetserver.com!e3500-atl1.usenetserver.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Andy Wendel <andy001@mailandnews.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: EverQuest vs. Ultima Online
Organization: entered to cancel WebUsenet Spam message
Message-ID: <e7j0vtgcku8lklu4u7seecgt9pvc8gdv9g@4ax.com>
References: <M7oy7.459$ON5.4872@news.get2net.dk>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 114
X-Complaints-To: abuse@usenetserver.com
X-Abuse-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 12 Nov 2001 17:45:56 EST
Date: Mon, 12 Nov 2001 16:55:20 -0600
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:135165

On Mon, 15 Oct 2001 00:15:07 +0200, "Aaboe" <jacob.aaboe@get2net.dk>
wrote:

>Hello there players.
>
>I am a New Bee in this MMORPG universe
>
>I am interested in starting to play either EverQuest or Ultima.
>But before buying one of these games I would very much like if any of you
>could tell me why I should choose EQ over UO.
>Is it only a question of graphics what you prefer or is there a lot more to
>it?    -  I have a hunch that there is more to :o)
>
>Would any of you please line up some of the pro's and con's, just what you
>think are the major differences and makes EQ better than UO.
>(I asume you all like EQ better since this is an EQ newsgroup)
>
>Thank you very much.
>
>
>
There are many many differences between the 2 games.  Some of them may
be a detriment, and some may be an advantage.  It is all in the eye of
the beholder.  I will list a few of the pro's and con's of both, (my
opinion of course, but you asked)

UO )
Benefits )
    Property Ownership)
     You can own your own house, from the most humble of huts, to the
grandest of castles. 
     Your ability to store items in various locations far outweighs
the abilities available in EQ.
     The ability to change skills and abilities on a whim, vice being
stuck in one class, is always nice.  Being a warrior with limited
ability to cast is always a plus.
     Character movement/transportation is a lot better.  All one needs
do is either mark or have marked, a rune to a certain location, and
the casting of a spell, either from memory, book or scroll, and you
are there.

Bad things (again, IMO)
      Only those that have played since Beta have easy access to buy
even the most humble of shacks, let alone a grand castle.
      Many spells, and trade skills, require goods or reagents which
are pretty much npc vendor only in quantity, and there are those which
will camp these vendors, and sell these goods at outragous prices...
making advancement, as well as general adventuring, dangerous.
     Game movement speed is HIGHLY dependant on ping times.  The
person on the DSL/Cable modem is at a far greater advantage in all
things, be it PvP, PvM, etc.  Also, with the centralization of servers
on the East and West coasts of the US, those in the mid-US states were
put in a situation where they either connected poorly, or not at all.
     There are far too many exploits that are still available, right
down to third party macro programs that allow people to power level
through skills while never sitting at a keyboard.



EQ) 
  Benefits)

     Far better interface.  Takes some getting used to when switching
games, but is, to me, far more intuative.
    Far superior graphics.  
    Far larger 'universe', for exploring, hunting, etc.
    More of a purpose to exist.  Actual quests with rewards, etc.
    A far better player driven economy, with pretty much equal access
to all items and cash, dependant only on your own abilities.
    Far better class specification and advancement.  UO has a total in
game limit of 64 spells.  Period.  EQ has, in some cases, that many
and more for one class.
    The ability to play different races, and have different
hinderances and advantages.  A little more realism, if you will.
     Everyone is more or less on an even level when it comes to
movement based on connection.  You are not penalized for playing on a
56k modem while the Cable Jockey blows right past you (a la Quake, et
al)  However, a crap connection is still a crap connection, and if you
suffer from chronically bad Internet lag, you will find yourself
disconnected, and often at times that are not in your best interest to
be so.

Bad things )

    Lack of storage for personal items (limited to how much you can
carry in weight, and, eventually, 80 slots in the bank vault)
    Easy transportation is limited to 2 classes, and even then there
is limitations on that ability.
    The ability to 'bind' only to certain locations for many classes
can be good or bad, depending on how you look at it.  If you find
yourself 3/4 of the way across the continent, and you go link dead
while being attacked, you will be back at your initial bind spot,
naked, with no weapons, food or money.  Can make for a bad time.
     Many of the better items, especially those available to lower
level characters, are camped heavily, often times by characters that
are way too high in level to have any real use for the item, except as
a cash source in the servers general flea market area.
     Far heavier memory requirements and graphics requirements are
needed to play in anything resembling a smooth fashion.  This is a
case where MORE is a LOT better.

I played UO for almost 3 years, and have been with EQ for almost 1
year now, and personally, will not go back to UO.  They have a very
poor history of breaking far more than they fix when the patch the
game for updates.  There is always a daily down time for UO servers,
lasting from 2 to 4 hours.  And there seems to be a general lack of
concern for customers since UO was bought by EA, and the founder and
original programmer, Richard Garriot (aka Lord Brittish) left the
company.

Your milage may vary.  It always does.  As everyone has suggested, try
the one month free trial... go with what you like.  They are 2
entirely different games, with 2 entirely different purposes.




