From 1099621433790226966
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,95b858e233742ee8
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-26 07:25:54 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "John M Clancy" <spark@spark.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Grouping FAQ?
Date: Thu, 26 Jul 2001 10:28:56 -0400
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <tm0a3hnjmu7j06@news.supernews.com>
References: <tm0863pcbkbja6@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 633
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:99015


"Sean" <me@here.com> wrote in message news:tm0863pcbkbja6@corp.supernews.com...
> I saved a grouping FAQ off of the newsgroup a few months ago and can't find
> it now.  I'd like to find it again to pass on to young guild members.  It
> explained the basics of grouping like assisting, etc. etc.  Anyone have a
> link to something like this?

It might have been mine, here you go:

Note: These are all just general rules and tactics learned by one player
and are all just opinion. These tactics are not the be-all and end-all for
every situation and every group. If you play differently that's fine. Use
whatever works.

Some things taken from suggestions on Usenet alt.games.everquest and the
tactics articles at:
http://eq.stratics.com/content/articles/article_index.shtml
http://pub13.ezboard.com/fthesafehouselibraryreadonly.showMessage?topicID=42.topic

First some terms:

What is a PC?

PC stands for Player Character. A PC is you and other human players or
rather your character avatars in the game.

What is an NPC?

NPC stands for Non-Player Character. These are the computer controlled
characters in the game. These are all the Monsters, Merchants, Guild
Masters, Bankers, etc. in the game.

What is a MOB?

A MOB is an NPC that is controlled by the server computer. The term
"MOB" came from old computer MMOGs(Massive Multi-Player On-line Games)
called MUDs(Multi-User Dungeons/Dimensions) MOB stands for "Mobile OBject"

What is OOM?

OOM means Out Of Mana. Casters use this shorthand to let the group know
that they are out of mana and not ready to do battle, or if a battle is
engaged then the group knows not to expect any more spell casting from this
group member.

What is an Aggro Range?

An Aggro Range i.e. Aggressiveness or Notice Range is an invisible range/area
around a MOB that is where they can notice PCs. This is the invisible boundary
that if passed will cause a hostile MOB to attack. This area can be affected by
spells such as Lull and Harmony which reduce the range to a smaller diameter
around the MOB. This is also the range that MOBs can call to other MOBs for help.
For instance, if you attack or aggro a MOB that is within the aggro range of
another MOB that is friendly to the MOB you attacked the second MOB will join
the fight.

What is a Tank?

A tank is the character in the Party that is the main target for MOB attacks.
The main tank classes are Warriors, Rangers, Shadow Knights and Paladins.
Other classes can sometimes fill this role if none of these classes are
available, pets can also be the tanks. Tanks are generally the ones that
have the highest AC and hit points in the group since they are the one that
have to take the most punishment from attacking MOBs.

What is a Pull or Pulling?

A pull is a technique used to fight MOBs. A relatively 'safe spot' is set
up as a base area where MOBs are 'pulled' to fight. This sets up an ambush
to outnumber and kill the MOBs.

'Safe spot' is a relative term in EQ, there are very few truly safe spots.
However, usually there are spots that are safer than others. For instance,
the edge of an outdoor zone is usually safer than the middle of the zone
as there are less wandering MOBs that will attack and the party can have
its back to the virtual wall, so they only need to watch one direction for
danger.

Pulling allows the spell casters to meditate and gain their mana back in
relative safety while the puller is out scouting an area to bring back some
MOBs to fight.

What is a Puller?

A puller is a person that gets MOBs for the group to kill. Usually this
is a melee/tank class but any class can pull. Some classes are just better
equipped with abilities and spells to accomplish this. For instance,
Warriors, Rangers, Monks and Shadow Knights are good pulling classes.

Generally only one person should be the puller. Some groups and situations
can handle 2 pullers but its safer to stick with one.

What is a Taunt?

A taunt is 2 things:
1)A Melee/tank class ability that Warriors, Rangers, Shadow Knights and
  Paladins have that increases the anger/hate of the targeted MOB to entice
  the MOB to attack themselves. (Note: Be aware that that Monks and Rogues
  don't have this taunt skill, their taunt is sheer damage.)

2)A taunt is also anything that angers a MOB. Such as casting a spell on a
  MOB or sitting down near one. (see hate list notes below)

What is group kiting?

This is usually a technique used to solo but can be used by a group. The
MOB is pulled and then slowed or snared. One or more casters nuke and cast
on the MOB to really make it mad and get it to chase them. The MOB will then
chase the casters while other party members are beating on the MOB from
behind. Note: Classes that have the taunt skill should not use taunt in this
situation as the idea is to keep the MOB's attention on the spell caster
doing the kiting. This technique is best used with big MOBs that hit hard
like giants and griffins, or when there are no suitable tanks or the tanks
have lower AC. This technique can also be used to 'Ping-Pong' a MOB back and
forth between 2 or more casters. This technique is only recommended for
outdoor use. Do it near a deserted zone border to lessen the chance of
training other people and to also lessen the chance of a wandering MOB
joining.

What is fear kiting?

A MOB is pulled, snared or slowed and then feared. This lets the party beat
on a creature's back and the spell casters cast without being attacked. Not
recommended for indoor use as this can create a train really fast.

What is multi-kiting?

Multi-kiting is when you use area effect spells to kill multiple enemies
at once. Primarily a soloing tactic, but it can also be used by a careful
group. Basic strategy is to snare several mobs, then run around the mobs
in a circle. Keep circling around the mobs chasing you, until all the mobs
end up very close together, and still chasing you. Now you start casting
area effect spells on one of the mobs. All the mobs chasing you should
take damage. Wizards are particularly suited for this tactic because of
their excellent AE spells, and AE snare. When multi-kiting solo, it is
probably best to stick to easy blue mobs. Also try to multi-kite mobs
of the same type if possible. They will have similar HP levels, and
resistance. Ideally, you want to finish them all off at once.

How do you use Area of Effect (AE) spells in a group?

Using AE in a group goes against the common fighting strategy used by many
players, and as such AE groups can be exceedingly rare. In an AE group, you
want to fight a large group of mobs all at once, as opposed to the general
tactic of taking down one mob at a time.  AE groups work best when they
are fighting non-casting mobs. The general strategy is to have a tank pull
a large number of mobs (train), back to the fighting location. Ideally, an
AE group will have 1 or 2 enchanters, that can area effect stun, or AE stun
all the mobs at once. Once mobs are stunned, AE casters unload on the stack.
Rinse and repeat. The AE casters and the crowd controllers alternate
between stunning, and nuking. Point blank AE spells like Tremor and
Earthquake are good for this, because they affect an unlimited number of
mobs at once. Any tanks taunt mobs that get on casters. The whole fight
should be over in moments, with a whole lot of mob corpses all over the
place. Coordination is the key to this tactic.

AE can also be used in more generic groups. It is key to remember that
the caster should stand as far away as possible to help reduce aggro. Also,
it's not a bad idea to pop off an AE snare on the stack, just in case you
do aggro a mob. Another thing that may help is to apply a damage shield
to the tank BEFORE the pull. Do not apply damage shield after the fight
starts, as this tends to aggro mobs onto the caster. With a damage shield on
the tank it should help to keep the mobs angry at the tank, and off the
casters.

What is a MOB hate list?

One of the more subtle and difficult things to understand in EQ are MOB
hate lists. Understand how they work and you will be an asset to any group.

A hate list is a list of PCs that have gained the notice and hate of a MOB
in one of several ways:

1)Entering its Aggro range if you have bad faction with a MOB i.e. the MOB
  cons 'glares threateningly' or 'scowls ready to attack'

2)Attacking it. Note: Even if you miss and don't cause any damage to a MOB
  you will still anger it and it will still attack you.

3)Attacking a friendly MOB that is close to this MOB.

4)Casting any hostile spell on it. Note: even if the MOB resists the spell
  it will still hate you for it.

5)Casting any hostile spells on a friendly MOB that is close to this MOB.

6)Casting any beneficial spells on a PC that is already on the MOB's hate
  list. Including buffs, heals, and damage shields.

The hate list has an order to it and each PC on the list has a certain
'weight' factor to them. Which is how much this particular MOB hates them.
Several things influence this weight factor:

1) Proximity. The closer you are to a MOB the more it hates you.
2) Sitting or meditating near the MOB.
3) How much damage you have done to it via melee (or its friends).
4) How much damage and harm you have caused by spells to it (or its friends).
5) How much you have healed/buffed a PC on its hate list.
6) How much you have taunted it (Taunt skill).
7) How low a PC is on hit points. If the MOB smells blood it will want
   to go after and kill the low hit point PC.

The PC with the highest 'weight' factor will be at the top of the list and
will be the one the MOB will try to attack.

What is the /assist command?

The assist command is one of THE most useful commands in the game. Make a
hot button for it. Target someone and use /assist and your target will
automatically switch to what the first target was attacking. This works on
players and MOBs. A good technique is to use this command when you have both
buff and de-buff spells is to assist the tank, de-buff the mob then /assist
on the MOB and buff the tank. This is also good for clerics to check the
health of the tank versus the health of the target. Same thing again for
pet casters checking on their pet's health.

-------------------------------
Targeting:

Targeting in EverQuest can be problematic at best and maddeningly
frustrating at worst. Use your hot keys as much as possible for targeting.
(Note: These keys may be different if you have changed the key assignments
under Options>Keyboard, the list below shows the defaults):

F1-F6 targets group members, F1 being you and F2-F6 are the party members
in the order listed in the group window on your screen. Pressing F1 twice
toggles to your pet or charmed creature.

You can also target party members by clicking on their names in the group
list window on your screen.

You can also target yourself by clicking on the window that has your
character's name, health, mana, and stamina bars.

The [Tab] key switches between you and your target. This is very useful for
things like short duration combat spells (like Fleeting Fury) if you wish
to cast upon yourself and also for heals and the Lay-on-Hands ability of
paladins.

Remember that MOBs have an invisible cube around them that will target them
if you click on it. You do don't even have to click the mouse exactly on
the graphic of a MOB, just near it. Many times clicking on something on the
screen will not target or miss-target, because something else is in the
foreground, sometimes its not even visually overlapping the intended
target. This is why corpses must be kept clear of the battle area. Other
party members, pets and the MOBs themselves can also prevent you from
targeting the correct MOB.

Always keep the battle area clear of old corpses. Nothing is more
frustrating than having accidentally targeted a corpse when you need to
cast on or attack a mob. Precious time is wasted maneuvering around and
clicking furiously trying to target a MOB. This is especially frustrating
for enchanters who need to cast on the extra mobs and will not be
/assisting the tank. If the corpses have junk loot on them, destroy it.

Practice targeting MOBs and players while watching another group fight.
Try and target all players and MOBs from one direction then move around
them to try clicking different places to target. Get a feel for how big the
invisible box is around mobs. This will help you in the long run. Enchanters
you really need to be able to target effectively.

-----------------------------
Damage shields:

Damage shields are buffs that damage an attacker every time the attacker
lands a hit in melee. Examples are the thorn shield series (Druid) and the
fire shield series (Mage). These should be cast on the tank as they are
the ones that should have all the MOBs beating on them.

Depending on the number of times a PC is hit before the spell wears out,
this can be a very mana efficient way of doing damage. This is especially
true if their are multiple MOBs beating on the tank. This is also a good way
for a caster to do damage to a MOB without aggroing it on himself.

At the higher levels it may become more effective to not let the MOB hit
anyone in the first place, by having very high AC tanks, slowing and
weakening the MOBs down with de-buffs, and stunning it with spells and
bashes. So damage shields may become less effective depending on the type
and number of MOBs you are fighting and the tactics used.

----------------------------
General over all tactics:

When you are grouped switch to the groupsay channel by right-clicking on
the chat window (in windowed mode, NOT the full-screen HUD mode) and check
the box marked 'Group.' The chat window will now default to /groupsay instead
of /say. This saves you keystrokes when communicating with your group.

When joining a group find out what role you will be playing. Some classes
have pre-defined roles and some classes can switch roles depending upon the
group's makeup and what they are fighting. Generally a group can have these
roles: Puller, Main Tank, Secondary tanks, Primary Healer, Secondary Healers,
Nuker, De-buffer, Crowd controller. Know your class and know what roles you
can fill.

A general rule is if more than one MOB is attacking the party, kill one MOB
at a time. All attackers should concentrate on killing one MOB. The Main Tank
will choose the MOB to attack and everyone else should /assist the Main Tank!
Spreading the damage out amongst several MOBs still lets all those MOB's
attacks keep coming in on your party. Some exceptions are area-of-effect
spells, killing an enemy spell caster, and Enchanters mezzing the extras.

Watch the mana and hit points of the group after a few battles. If one
caster is constantly OOM and the others are close to full, change your
tactics. If the healer is constantly casting heals on the non-tanks, change
your tactics. All casters should be around the same mana level after a
battle.

KEEP THE TANKS BUFFED! Especially any AC and speed buffs, this will
actually save mana in the long run. Tanks are the first line of defense.
The longer they stay alive the longer the group stays alive and keeps the
downtime to a minimum. Know your buffs and know how long they last. Also,
Tanks, if your buffs run out let the buffers know!

1)Haste buffs. The more damage the tanks do, the better.
2)AC buffs. The less tanks get hit the better.
3)HP buffs. Making Tanks a larger HP cushion to absorb the damage.
4)Ability buffs. These buffs have a limited use as there are diminishing
  returns the higher the abilities get. The effect is not great but every
  little bit helps. If you have the mana use them in this order:
   a) Agility. Increases AC.
   b) Strength. Increases the Max damage a tank can do.
   c) Stamina. Increases Hit Points.
   d) Dexterity. Increases the chance that weapons Proc.

  For casters:
   a) Wisdom and Intel. Increases the mana pool of casters.
   b) Charisma. Increases effect of charms from a caster.

Kill the enemy spell casters first. Their Wizards/Necros/Enchanters die
first then kill the healer/priests/shaman. Learn the MOBs in the areas you
are fighting and learn which ones are the spell casters. Nothing can kill you
faster in the game than a wizard NPC, and there is no point beating on the
warrior MOBs when their healer is just going to erase all your hard work.
Stuns are your friends against casters. Party casters should have a quick
stun spell memorized when in areas with spell casting MOBs. Tanks bash/slam
those enemy casters as soon as they start to cast. Note: This is open to
interpretation depending on the group and MOBs. If your Enchanter has Theft
of Thought or someone else has a similar non-aggro mana drain type of thing
the casters are usually killed last. Nothing like finishing a 6 MOB fight
with your Enchanter at 90% mana(or more).

If you are in a dungeon and a MOB gets away DON'T chase it unless its
almost dead and you are sure you can kill it in a couple of hits (rogues
are good for this). MOBs only run a certain distance away and stop, but
they will keep running if you keep chasing them. They will run through the
dungeon bringing a train back down on you. A good trick to use is to sit
down, this will bring the running MOB back to you. Nukers don't be shy
about dropping those runners, better that you over burn on them than to let
them bring a train back on you.

Snare! Use it. I can not say enough about this spell. Snare is a spell that
slows the movement of a MOB. When some MOBs get down to about 20% of their
health left and are alone(no similar type MOBs to help them) and their
current target is near full health they will turn to run. Snare stops them
cold when this happens, effectively rooting them. But snare has an
advantage over root here because a rooted MOB will fight back, a low hp
running and snared MOB will not. This will save some hit points on the
tanks. A slowed mob will also take longer to aggro on a caster because the
mob has to take a longer time to reach the caster. These Snared runner MOBs
are also good for weapons practice since they don't fight back.

Spirit of Wolf(SoW)! If you have it, and you are outdoors, keep it on every
member of the group. Always. Its the best spell in the game, bar none.
Tip: If you are a SoW caster cast it first on yourself then everyone else
in the party. When the SoW spells start to run out yours will go first, this
lets you know when to recast it on the party without them having to each
tell you when they have lost it.

Designate one person to make the decision to run or Evac, this can be the
main tank or leader. Even a perfect group sometimes has to run. Other
players can train you, spawns get miss-timed, lag and link-deaths and many
other things can go wrong. If you make the decision to run then RUN. If
everyone runs except one person that person will most likely die. Have a
plan for escape, know the route to the zone or who will be evacing and move
close to them when evac is called and keep the MOBs off of the evacer while
he is casting. Running includes gates, Evacs and Feigning death. Enchanters
and Clerics sing out loud and clear when you are OOM! as this is usually the
key clue to run if there are still strong enemies left to fight.

When fighting a MOB and another MOB wanders by or spawns in to join the
fight let the group know by saying "ADD!" meaning a new MOB has just added
itself to the fight. This lets everyone know that may be meditating or
facing the wrong direction that a new enemy is here. Even make a hot key
for it, because it happens a lot. If you see this message make sure the
new MOB is not beating on your back or someone else's.

If you have to go AFK LET EVERYONE KNOW! Just a simple message and time
estimate of when you will be back. "AFK 1 min" Then let everyone know when
you get back to the keyboard. Try to only have one member of the group AFK
at a time please.

--------------------------------
Casters general tactics:

At the lower levels casters can join the melee, in fact they should join to
keep their defense skills maxed out. However, at the higher levels you'll
just end up getting yourself killed or the healer will waste mana on trying
to keep you alive. Usually it is more efficient to cast a few spells and
then meditate to recover more mana while the tanks finish off the MOB. I know
it may seem like you are not contributing but an OOM caster is of no use to
anyone. Your melee skills pale in comparison to the effect of your spells.
Your spells are your armor and your weapons.

Casters KEEP REPORTING your mana levels! The puller needs to know how
everyone is doing on mana so they know what and how much to pull. The
puller should not have to ask for a mana report. A good rule of thumb is to
make it a habit to report your mana at each bubble. You may even want to
make hot keys. At the very least warn when you are low or OOM.

When the puller comes back with a pull casters DON'T start casting on the
MOB right away. Let the tank beat on it a little bit to get the MOB good
and mad at the tank. Then cast on it. Exception to this is an enemy spell
caster in which case you cast earlier. Another exception may be an enchanter
that wishes to get their pet to attack.

If you are a nuker get a good feeling for how much damage your tanks are
doing and try to keep pace with what they are doing and don't exceed it.
If the tank has put 200 points of damage into a MOB and you nuke the MOB
for 500 guess who the MOB is going to attack now? That's right YOU!
Sometimes casting several smaller nukes instead of one big one is a better
idea.

Nukers and de-buffers: Use /assist [MainTankName] to target the MOB your
Main Tank is currently attacking.

Nukers remember to stay back from MOBs. Remember Proximity is a taunt!

If you are a caster and/or you want a MOB that is attacking you
off of you MUST do 4 things:

1)Don't run around like a chicken with your head cut off! If you run the
  MOB moves out of melee range of the tank and he has to turn and run
  around after it. Also, you may run out of the range of the healer trying
  to heal you. Let the tank stay in melee range of the MOB.

  If you are outdoors and you have a little more room to move then move in a
  circle. Keeping the other group members in the center and drag the MOB
  around them so that the casters are all still in spell range of the MOB
  and you.

2)STOP attacking it! And STOP casting spells on it! This is important!
  Don't panic! The tank can't get the MOB off of you if you keep pissing it
  off. The tank has to move himself up the hate list and he can't do that
  if you keep angering the MOB.

3)Face the MOB and don't turn your back on it.

4)Give the Tank or Rogue a chance to take a few swings on the MOB then back
  away a short distance. If the mob follows you stop and try again.

If the Puller is a class that can Feign Death (like Monks and Shadow Knights)
do not cast heal or buffs on them when they are pulling and doing a Feign
Death pull. If you cast the spell at the wrong time you will be added to ALL
of the mobs hate lists. This can quickly bring a train down on the group.

---------------------------
Tanks general tactics:

For equipment Tanks should always get the best Haste item they can. Only
one item with haste on it is needed. Then go for the highest AC gear they
can get in every other equipment slot. AC is King! Go for AC first, resists
second and ability/statistic increases third.

Always remember that casters less than 35th level can not see when they are
meditating! Always keep them informed of the situation, when you are
moving, if a new MOB shows up, etc. If a caster is sitting always assume he
can't see even if he is above 35th level as he may be changing spells.

If you are the puller make some hot keys to let the group know what you are
bringing back. For example:
/gsay Bringing back %T ! Get ready!
/gsay Bringing back %T ! AND some of his friends! Get ready!

Make sure the MOBs stay on you. If the MOBs are beating on your casters
they can't heal you or cast on the MOBs. Try not to let any MOBs beat on
your back. You WILL take more damage from a rear attack. Learn how to maneuver
around the MOBs so that you are facing all of them. Also, you stand a higher
chance of being stunned from a rear attack and you can't
riposte/block/dodge/parry a MOB that is attacking you from behind.

With multiple tanks/attackers everyone space themselves out around the MOB
so that it is clear who the MOB is currently attacking. This helps Rogues
position for backstabs and helps other tanks know when they have taunted
the MOB successfully. Also, with everyone facing different directions other
MOBs can be seen incoming and people can watch each other's backs. This is
also helpful in situations that don't have a rogue. When you're attacking
a MOBs back they don't riposte/block/dodge/parry so your damage dealing
amount increases as more of your blows will land.

If you are a tank and you are trying to pull/taunt a MOB away from someone
else MOVE CLOSER TO IT! Proximity is a taunt!

If the group is tank heavy then the tanks must remember to spread the
damage out amongst each other. Lay off the taunt if the MOB is really
pasting you. Even stop your attack for a few seconds and back up to let the
other tanks absorb some damage.

--------------------------
Notes on Rogues:

What the tanks should know about Rogues:

If there is a rogue in your group your primary function in life is to Taunt.
Taunt hard, taunt long, and then when it's all over taunt some more. Do
whatever you can to get that mob to face you. A rogue with a mob facing him
is operating at about 70% effectiveness. And for hybrids taunting isn't
just limited to the taunt button.

If you're a Paladin: Blind, Stun and Heal throughout the battle.
If you're a Shadow Knight: DoT, Darkness, and Drain.
If you're a Ranger: DoT, Snare, Root and Nuke.

Even if the spell is resisted you still get the full taunt effect of that
spell!

Pull targets away from walls/doors/lava so that the Rogue can maneuver
behind it. There is 90 degree angle behind the mob where backstab works.

What the casters should know about Rogues:

Hold out as long as you can before dropping that nuke or throwing that heal.
A rogue may not be the greatest tank but he can take more damage than you.
If the battle is going well then wait until the mob is at half. If it's not
try stuns and roots.

With his sheer ability to damage taunt a rogue can be a casters best friend
if a MOB gets on you.

During downtime, DO NOT CAST ON A ROGUE unless you can see him and he is
not invisible.

What everyone should know about Rogues:

The Rogue will position himself behind the target for backstabbing. Once
the fight has begun, avoid moving around as this makes it much harder for
a Rogue to keep in backstab position. All other group members should stay
on the same side of the target so Rogue can maneuver behind.

In most zones rogues are the best corpse recovery class in the game: kedge,
lower guk and solb being some exceptions. Hide/sneak never wears off but
Mobs that see invisible and undead can however see a hide/sneaking rogue.
Even so their aggro range is smaller because of sneak.

You don't have to remind the Rogue to use backstab, if you don't see them
doing it it's because the backstab keeps missing or the mob turns on them
just as they attempt it.

If a mob runs let the rogue have room to backstab, you don't need the whole
group chasing or wasting mana on it (unless its for snare or root). This
holds especially true for large races, we can't run through you.

Rogues CAN now walk invisible/hidden, but it is VERY slow (Imagine walking
with half bubble left of health).

Rogues usually shouldn't be the puller if there are tanks in a group. If a
rogue pulls it makes it much harder to have things taunted off him.

Keep in mind Rogues have about the same HP as a Shaman.

What a rogue should know:

Learn to circle strafe. Practice it until you can do it with as few 'you
can't see your target' messages as possible.

Know the spell effects for stuns (red dots) and when you see it circle
around, backstab and return to your position.

When a NPC mob begins casting circle around and backstab and return to your
position.

If there is a chance in hell that the mob is going to turn its back on
you save that backstab. If not, use it as an extra pierce.

Nobody taunts off you like another rogue, the most effective groups I'm in
feature two rogues opposite each other or three rogues in a triangle.

You are a group only class, on the rare occasions that you can solo you are
not nearly as effective as you could be at that moment in a group.

Always be aware of what's happening to the casters. If they can't cast you
are most likely going to die. Make sure that they are always opposite you
and if a mob breaks off on to them it's your job (and the tank's) to get it
off.

------------------------
Enchanters notes:

Enchanters are the best at crowd control. They are the ones that will
Mesmerize (basically a long stun) any extra mobs that are brought by the
Puller.

Everyone must learn that attacking a mezzed MOB will wake it up! So don't
attack them, or else the Enchanter will have wasted his mana.

The main rule you have to follow when playing with an Enchanter is that
everyone MUST assist the Main Tank. If every tank and caster is on a
separate MOB, you might as well not have an enchanter there. After you get
the first MOB down, the enchanter may point out the next MOB to take down.
This is important, after selecting the next MOB do NOT attack right away,
the tanks that have the Taunt skill should taunt the MOB at least 2 to 3
times before engaging the MOB. This has a very real effect of keeping the
MOB off of the enchanter. The main reason for this is that the MOB will
REALLY HATE the enchanter for mezzing and casting spells on it so the tank
has to work hard to piss off the MOB more than the enchanter. If the Enchanter
does not call the next MOB to attack then the Main Tank should choose the next
group target and everyone should /assist them again. Kill the mobs that are
awake first.

When a puller gets back with a group of MOBs a good technique is for the
Enchanter to AE mez the MOBs and then the Main Tank will step back a few
paces. This will pull his current target forward leaving the mezzed MOBs
back and separated from the main target. This lets everyone have an easier
time seeing which MOBs resisted the AE mez and which ones have woken up.
The Main Tank and Enchanter should work out some chat signals or hot keys
to communicate the timing of this.

AE spells are the bane of mezzing Enchanters. If you are a caster in a
group where an Enchanter is mezzing, it's your best bet to just forget
the AE spells altogether, and memorize single target DD (direct damage)
spells.

Pet casters should be prepared to back a pet off when there are multiple
mobs.

If in an AE spell group, an Enchanter should use stun spells. If the MOBs are
stunned, other spells cast on it won't take off the stunning effect, and
other casters and tanks should be able to do enough damage to the stunned
MOB to put the Enchanter back at the bottom of the Hate list.






