From -2645177974826432546
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d83ce3488fbba374
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-30 13:33:00 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Stupid Hacker Question
Date: Fri, 30 Nov 2001 13:32:41 -0800
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <uptf0u4jsd4v6jhnkppsgvuqt7k3ea5lia@4ax.com>
References: <3C07A20B.F4A83A19@stny.rr.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 45
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:140205

jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com> wrote:
>However, he was proposing that if you were in the game, and just say
>your buddy hands you his Ubersword of Godslaying. Now you both get a
>save, and the server "knows" that you have the UoG and he doesn't. At
>that point in time, he suggests that on your second computer you could
>use the LAN to access the files on your EQ machine and make a copy of
>your character info file. (whichever one that is.) Now, you hand the UoG
>back to your buddy and you get another save. But after your buddy
>leaves, you go to your second machine and copy the backup file over the
>current one in the EQ folder. Now the client thinks you have the UoG
>again, and on the next save the server thinks so too.

That's not how it works.  When it says you character is saved, that
doesn't mean that it has copied the client's idea of the state of your
character back to the server.

Rather, it means that the character information on the world server
has been copied to the character database.  They have to store in the
database everything about your character that is supposed to be
persistant.  However, they don't want to do a database transaction
every time something persistant changes...consider that if you are not
at full health or mana, every 6 seconds your health and mana changes,
and that is persistant.  So what happens is that the server loads your
character information from the character database and uses that,
making changes to its copy as needed, and every so often it writes
your changes back to the database, and you see the "saved" message.

I don't know if the client caches a copy of your inventory or not, but
if it does, it is purely for the convenience of the client.

There are some things the server gets from the client that it really
shouldn't, such as when and where you zone, which is why there are
hacks that will let you port to anywhere you want, and why there are
hacks that can give you permanent SOW.  Actually, you can get much
faster than SOW, even...but that gets you banned pretty fast.  Many
GMs and guides use ShowEQ (I think the real reason Verant doesn't try
too hard to break ShowEQ is that doing so would have a noticable
impact on the quality of service provided by guides and GMs), and when
someone (player or mob) is moving, ShowEQ draws a vector giving their
velocity...and it is real obvious when someone is moving way too fast,
cause they have a huge vector.  All a GM or guide has to do is enter
the zone, glance at his ShowEQ display, and the silly people who are
running at twice the fastest Selo's speed are obvious.

--Tim Smith


