From -4231017060812316295
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,980f4c6e082eefc6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-03-27 08:20:59 PST
From: "Tyas_MT" <tyas_mt@hotplonkmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <CZednVnozIXg9PjdRVn-tw@comcast.com>
Subject: Re: Newbie Group question
Date: Sat, 27 Mar 2004 10:20:45 -0600
Lines: 160
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <4065a9df$1_1@127.0.0.1>
X-Authenticated-User: $$arx6r4j85
X-Comments: This message was posted through <A href
X-Comments2: IMPORTANT: Newsfeed.com does not condone,
X-Report: Please report illegal or inappropriate use to
Organization: Newsfeeds.com http://www.newsfeeds.com 100,000+ UNCENSORED Newsgroups.
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!news-out2.nuthinbutnews.com!local!text-west!not-for-mail
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:25941

"Ben F." <mrben2@comcast.net> wrote in message
news:CZednVnozIXg9PjdRVn-tw@comcast.com...
> Since I got so much help on finding my corpse, I will ask another "how to"
> question.
>
> I have 2 Froglocs, a Pal 10 and a Cler 6.  (I just started the Cleric
since
> the new update)  Both of these Classes work well with others according to
> everything I read, especially the Cleric.  I am not against being in a
> group, altho usually I get asked when I am getting ready to quit, but I am
> not sure what I need to do when I am in a group.  I mean this in the most
> basic sence.  I have told people that I am new at this, and they say go
> attack something Blue and they will do the rest.  I can do this, but I am
> not really sure what I am suppose to do.  Attack and let the others in the
> group come to me? attack and lead the attacker back to the group? attack
> from a distance with spells and let others be up front? etc. (Like I said,
I
> have no knowledge on this, a true newbie)
>
> I hate the fact that maybe I am not the best person to group with, but
with
> some help I think I might be of some assistance to a group.  If there is a
> place I can go and read on this, or a Zone that is good for newbie
groupies
> I can will that a try.
>
> Thanks again for all I have learned on this board,
>
> Ben aka Friben Pal 10 on Nameless
Grouping 101: How to make friends and get lotsa lewt.
First thing is to decide if you are a sit at home group, or a roaming group.
sit-at-home's tend to do better, and become the norm after 15-20th.
Basically, the group finds a spot, and everyone with the exception of one
player (the 'puller', who is not necessarily the 'tank' but can be) stays
there, while the puller goes and finds things, gets their attention, and
brings them back to be slaughtered.

There are many many 'roles' in a group, some classes fit strongly in one
niche and no others (Wizard=Non-tanking damage dealer), some do well on the
swing shift (Druids can be damage dealers, healers/buffers, or primitive
crowd control.) Know your role.
Roles:
Puller: You go out and find things for the group to kill. A Puller has to
have the mental ability to navigate, I've grouped with paladins you had to
lead everywhere, but they could tank like noone's business. A puller on the
other hand, can't afford to get lost on his way back to the group. Lost=dead
and could= nasty Corpse Recovery. Classwise, it helps if the puller has ways
to control the number of creatures it's pulling, or if it can pull at a
distance. Crowd control characters can

Tank: You've got time to bleed. It's your job. The 'main tank' is the person
designated to take as much damage as possible from the mobs. I leave a
discussion of the methodology of being a tank to others more qualified. A
tank can also be puller, but in a fast group having a separate puller speeds
things up even more. The classic tanks are Warrior, Shadow Knight, and
Paladin. Other classes can make do in a pinch, and at lower levels the
Ranger, Monk, Beastlord, and Rogue can make do better than most others.

Non-tank damage dealer: Most characters can do this role. You DOT it, nuke
it, beat it with a stick, sic your pet on it, poke it in the back with
pointy things, make it a pin cushion. Once you get into the teens, and
especially the 20s, most classes can no longer stand up to the pounding of a
dark blue con mob, but some can dish out enourmous damage.

Snarer: Druids, rangers, and necromancers (shadowknights too?) can 'snare'
their targets. Lacking those classes, you can get it rooted by others, but
snare is better. At around 25% health many mobs will turn to run. This can
be bad. With snare, they tend to turn to run and not be able to move,
meaning everyone gets to pound the targets for free.

Crowd control: My specialty, crowd control is the art of having the puller
come back with several mobs, and getting all but the one the group is going
to concentrate on out of action for a bit. This can be by charming, mezzing,
rooting, snare/fearing, off tanking with pets or tough tanks, dropping a
spell on them and kiting them around, whatever, but the concept is that the
fight will go better if you can concentrate your firepower as much as
possible on one target at  a time.

Healer: People bleed. Healers make them better. Most healers also 'buff'.

Buffer: Buffers contribute more indirectly to the cause. My enchanter may do
less than 1% of the damage the group does personally, but his haste spells
on the tanks, and mana regen spells on the nukers, mean his effective
contribution probably approaches half the damage the group is doing. The
cleric makes the tank better with his AC/HP buffs. Makes me a better Crowd
controller too, as I can take a few hits now. Most casters have at least a
few buffs. Shamans can load a person down, and are in high demand because of
it.

Debuffer: What buffers do to players, debuffers anti-do to mobs. My
enchanter, along with that nice 70% or so haste, has a 50% or so slow, which
means the mob swings half as often. Snare is technically a debuff but is
important enough to get it's own section above.

Supply sergeant: The mage has a special skill most other classes don't have
in any quantity, the ability to summon lots of odds and ends the group can
find useful. Bandages, arrows, throwing knives, levitation rings, food,
water, vision items, weapons, armor, (good for pets), and caster focus
wear... at high levels a mage can outfit an entire group for that nasty
corpse recovery.  A few other classes get food and drink, and a few
miscellaneous items.
There are other roles, but that gets the major ones I think

For the two classes you listed:
Cleric: Traditional duty: Healer/buffer. Other roles: Nuker, especially
against undead. For all that they wear plate they really cannot tank.
As a low level cleric you will spend most of your time with your rear end on
the ground, medding back that oh so precious mana. What you want to do:
Figure out what are your hp buffs. Those need to be cast on the main tank
(at your low level however, there may not be a well defined tank), and
anyone else that regularly takes hits. If you have the mana available to do
it the good way to do this is to cast it on yourself, then each other
character that is going to get it in turn. Then when yours starts blinking
you know everyone is about to lose their buff.
Pay attention to everyone's hitpoints... When they get low, heal them. Learn
how much of the 'bar' your heals do on each player... it will be different
based on gear and class! Only 'top off' people's health during a lull when
you have full mana.
Mana reports: Sometimes you will get a group, and you will see the tank ask
'Mana?' or 'mr?'. He wants to know the percentage of mana you have
available. Each bubble is 20%, and you can eyeball to about 5%, so report in
10s or 5s (eg /g 70)
Each person has their own style. Some report in bubbles (70% is 3.5), others
actually roleplay it a bit ('meez gotz 3 mugs of sparklies left' for a troll
shaman... that's 3 bubbles)
Another is frequency. I vary. Some groups that grind my mana hard up and
down the bar, I report every time the puller is going out to get more
munchies. Some groups when my mana is just hovering between 40%-80% most of
the time, I'll only warn at 20%.  (actually I usually say /g 20% at 30%, but
that's just my conservative side kicking in) or announce when I'm full mana
(/g fm) so they know we need to kill faster cause they are not pushing me at
all.
(terminology info, some will use /g lom and /g oom for low on mana, out of
mana. For my troll I prefer the more in character 'Me gotz no more
sparklies!')

Paladin: Paladins can be a puller (the lull line helps them there, and stun
pulling gives you a head start back), and are designed to be a tank. With
heavy armor and lots of hitpoints, plus their own buffs and the ability to
heal themselves some, they make good tanks. Learn to love the 'taunt'
button.  Depending on what you are fighting and how things are going, you
may be spot healing yourself, stunning, or just using your mana for pulling.
Lay on hands is your 'fix me now!' key, and  also good when the wizard gets
agro and is folding like wet cardboard. You can be a pocket healer if
necessary, but there are several better alternatives out there. Still it's
better than Mr. Monk can do for others.

Basically in most groups your job will be to go get things for people to
kill, attack targets, try to maintain agro so you bleed the most, and spend
your mana reasonably (If you're not using any of it you're not using your
class to it's fullest.) Note do not just step in and try to take over agro
if you join an existing group with an existing tank. Figure out which one
will be bleeding the most... the other should generally not taunt, though
stunning, etc is useful.

Hope this helps
--
Tyas




----== Posted via Newsfeed.Com - Unlimited-Uncensored-Secure Usenet News==----
http://www.newsfeed.com The #1 Newsgroup Service in the World! >100,000 Newsgroups
---= 19 East/West-Coast Specialized Servers - Total Privacy via Encryption =---


