From -1108328536873162866
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c79eae4919085daa
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-24 07:26:47 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: First Dragon Raid
Date: Fri, 24 Aug 2001 10:24:15 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3B86638F.96D2429E@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3B85AF33.D431D045@stny.rr.com> <uSsh7.167$z35.92593@newsfeed.slurp.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 73
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:111239

Orlun wrote:

> OK, Since Jakugg invited me along last night and since I had to refuse to go
> because of RL issues (cough) chicken (cough), I need some details.  Did you
> do the thing were after killing the gaints, everyone started buffing, then
> camping out and waiting in the chatroom for all to be buffed and for mana to
> be full? About how many were there and what levels? How low did you get the
> ice queen in health? details!!!

Keep in mind that, being my first dragon raid of any sort, my only knowledge of
what are "normal tactics" comes from reading this group and talking to higher
level players. But from what I could tell, it was an attempt at fairly standard
tactics.

We staged in the King's room, waiting for everyone to arrive. In what seems to
be fairly typical fashion, that process took *forever* and people were already
getting antsy.We passed the time killing the various ice giant and goblin types
that pop around there.  Added to that, the zone crashed *again* and some folks
were having connectivity issues, and a couple of the first two arrive already
began leaving.  But by then we had a party of approx. 35 or 36 people and the
raid leader gave the signal to clear out the last of the giants in the hall and
moved us up to Vox's ramp.

I don't know what the fuck was going on with our main pulling monk, but she died
*four times* trying to get Vox's four little friends pulled out to the hall
before finally succeeding. More frustration ensued, but being among the most
newbie of folks there, I just kept my mouth shut, followed instructions, took
the buffs I was given, and then went with all the tanks and melee types to the
chat room.  We then found out that we were "fucking up on the buffing" with many
people leaving for chat before having all the right buffs. (I camped out without
haste. DOH! Along with many others.)  It was at this point that people in chat
with more experience were already calling the raid a clusterfuck, and with
little ceremony, our only 52 warrior left taking several of his friends with
him. We had gone from three full melee groups including about nine warriors, to
barely two melee groups with, I think, three actual warriors inluding little old
yours truly.

By now, Tiru and I were chatting on the side, and I said, "You know we're going
to die, dont' you?"  She said, "yes."  I said, "But we're not going to leave,
are we?" She said, "No."
We had spent far too much time getting ready for this, and I was closer than I'd
ever been to seeing a named dragon and I fucking well wasn't going to turn tail
and run then. I honestly think that, had the whole raid been cancelled at that
point, I would have begged one of the rogues to stay to drag my corpse back to
Tiru and run in and shot an arrow at Vox just to say I attacked her and gotten a
screen shot before she summoned me.

We had also started with four chanters, one of whom was lvl 52. Everyone was
smiling and calling this a Good Thing (tm). After we lost the tanks, two of them
bailed.  I think when the order was given to go in, we ended up with barely two
dozen people, and far too little firepower.  Vox chewed through our melee folks
way too fast and was already summoning our few clerics in the bargain.  The
report I got from one of the last fighters standing (who was grouped with me, so
we had time to chat while waiting for rezzing) was that we'd gotten Vox down to
just below half health by the time she finished wiping out the party, and the
Ice Queen hadn't even had to bother trying to heal herself once.

So for experienced raiders who really wanted/needed some sort of epic dragon
loot, etc. I suppose the raid was a disaster. But for several of us who were
there for the first time, it was still a breathtaking, fun adventure. Besides, I
knew we'd all be getting rezzed by 50+ clerics, so it wasn't too bad in the xp
loss department. I'd reccomend it to anyone. But I do hope my next attempt is
with a bigger, better prepared group. I'd like to see that witch go down, now!
--
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 44 Campaigns
a.k.a.
Jakys Lv'Tyrr, the Mad Monk of Qeynos
Monk of 25 Seasons, Silent Fist
- - - -
"Anything more than a metric buttload of mobs is a bardic pull."
Arolpin Lorespinner




