From -2715907659650789837
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,74a86978d0f84cd2
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-21 13:50:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!cpk-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.gtei.net!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!cyclone.tampabay.rr.com!cyclone.austin.rr.com!typhoon.austin.rr.com.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: dcd@firstnethou.com (Dan Day)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: on the heels of the "ever have a guide of GM help" troll
Message-ID: <3c7a5bce.265914623@news-server.houston.rr.com>
References: <otr77usva9hull7d0e51ecnpr6nurvo26n@4ax.com> <3C74257F.93C19802@netscape.net> <q3c87u0dovoa3v97jqu67tnohfolvjmf25@4ax.com> <3c7b44df.194496532@news-server.houston.rr.com> <3C7532DC.6E6D09BE@2omar2world2.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.01/32.397
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 168
Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2002 21:48:29 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.25.13.184
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.austin.rr.com 1014328109 66.25.13.184 (Thu, 21 Feb 2002 15:48:29 CST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2002 15:48:29 CST
Organization: Road Runner - Texas
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:168459

On Thu, 21 Feb 2002 18:04:15 GMT, TwoHead <th@2omar2world2.com> wrote:
>
>  Once you violate a trust you can no
>longer be trusted with power.

Umm...  What "power" would she have wielded as a regular
player?


>  Beyond that another major factor was the
>fact that many of the real Guides, the ones who devoted their personal
>time to actually trying to help people were greatly insulted by what she
>had done.  Not just the violation of the rules, but to portray Guides as
>uncaring bastards who laugh at players rather than feel for them when
>they have problems.

Did you actually *read* the rants?

I don't see how anyone can read them and come to the conclusion
that she in any way "portrayed Guides as uncaring bastards who 
laugh at players rather than feel for them when they have problems".

On the contrary, to read them is to see that the reason she
ranted about the griefers, the idiots, the bugs, and the
bad decisions by Verant was because she *did* feel deeply for people
who had real problems, and had little patience for the people
who created their *own* problems, or worse -- created problems
for other players.

The point of the particular rant in question, and several others,
is not that "guides are uncaring bastards", it's that guides
get far more shit from (some) players than vice versa.
It's "we do all we can to help, but we can't do everything
we'd like, so cut us some slack", not "we hate you all".

Some players *should* be laughed at -- and scorned, told off,
shunned, and/or driven/banned from the game.  We've all
encountered players whose behavior in the game can not
be excused.

But Tweety's writing is careful to distinguish between the
complete morons and/or griefers, and the vast majority of
players who behave reasonably.  If you saw them as a
sign that she saw all players that way, you need to
work on your reading comprehension.


>  More than a few good Guides left in disgust over
>her cute little attempt at fame.

I find this extremely hard to swallow, for several
reasons.

1.  What on earth, in any of her rants, would inspire
    any "good Guides" to quit the program "in disgust"?
    Either they agreed with her, in which case they
    already had enough grievances with the program
    to leave eventually without her giving voice
    to their concerns, or they didn't agree with her,
    in which case why would her rant inspire them to
    bail?

2.  I was participating heavily in the official
    Everquest forums back when this brouhaha broke,
    (back when it was affectionately known as
    "Whineplay" and was mostly unmoderated), and
    nowhere in the thousands of posts it generated
    did I see any indications that any "good Guides"
    were bailing out over her essay.  (Yes, I know
    that guides might be hesitant to identify themselves
    and express their concerns personally, but surely
    a few would have talked about "a friend" who was
    responding a certain way, nor were there any
    actual friends describing second or third hand
    accounts of such reactions.)

3.  The nature of the rants was such that much of the
    public response to them expressed the reaction that
    it made players *more* sympathetic to the guides,
    since it lifted the veil a bit and let players see
    that when guides said "no", it wasn't because
    they were being pricks, it was because the rules
    under which they worked didn't allow them much
    leeway to help people much of the time.  Furthermore,
    a lot of players (including myself) never previously
    understood how much crap guides get from some
    players -- the rants made us much more prone to
    respect what a thankless/aggravating job being a
    guide can be, and increased our appreciation for
    what they do.  This is the reason I posted a link
    to the rant in this thread -- so others might 
    similarly learn to cut the guides some slack for
    what they put up with, instead of posting bitchy
    threads about how mean they were for not granting
    a player's whim in five minutes.

4.  Tweety reports that the vast majority of emails
    she got on the topic were supportive, and in fact
    contained many questions about how the writer could
    themselves become a guide:

        The reason I wanted to speak with you [Michelle Butler]
        in person was not for the purposes of discussing why 
        my guide account is being deactivated. That was 
        patently obvious. What I wanted to discuss was 
        some questions I had about the program in general, 
        and I wanted to share with you some of the enormous 
        amount of feedback I've received from currently 
        active GMs, guides, and seniors. Out of hundreds 
        of posts and emails my temper tantrum has elicited, 
        only three have been negative. If you think there's a 
        silent majority out there who thinks I was wrong, 
        you are missing the point. These are not the posters 
        from Whineplay, as it is popularly known. These are 
        literate, thoughtful human beings with whom I 
        struck a chord

        I also wanted to hear from you in terms of other 
        things I have stated, in terms of answering real 
        guide questions that deserve a better answer than 
        "because we said so." The vast majority of your 
        guides are not eighteen year olds. They are adults, 
        with jobs and families. My former server, XXX, is 
        understaffed. Many dedicated, caring people have 
        quit the program for reasons far more complicated 
        than simple burnout.

        [snip]

        You might be interested in hearing this - 
        approximately 15% of my emails thus far have 
        been asking how to become a guide. I have done 
        nothing but praise the program, explained that 
        the good outweighs the bad, and talked about how 
        each guide team is like a guild, but better. My 
        criticisms were all involving either the vagaries 
        of a certain class of player, or in the poor 
        communication between Verant and their customer 
        service program. There are many players who would 
        cut the guides some slack if they only knew the 
        rules under which we operate, the limitations we 
        have, and the conditions under which we work.


Now on the other hand, I *did* hear about a sizeable
exodus of guides about this time, but it was *not*,
as you assert, "disgust over her cute little 
attempt at fame".  It was over the poor manner in which
Verant handled it, and because the issue highlighted
complaints that many guides had been having for a long
time concerning the conditions and rules they were
told to abide by, how their internal questions and 
suggestions were rudely brushed aside without 
consideration, the heavy-handed discipline which
was meted out for the most minor infractions, and
so on.

In the wake of the Tweety rants, many guides hoped
that the issues raised would inspire Verant to
be open to a discussion of the guide's grievances
with the way the program was run.  Instead, Verant
circled the wagons, slammed the doors, and told
anyone who didn't like it that they could pack their
bags at any time.  So many did, under the probably
correct impression that if Verant wasn't going to
take a look at the problems in the guide program
*then*, it was never going to.



