From -191301159787981388
X-Google-Thread: fb739,87e1e84b24613ea5
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!news.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 18 Nov 2004 16:48:13 -0600
From: Seeq Endestroi <seeq@tcsys.nospam.co.uk>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Manaetic Behemoth
Date: Thu, 18 Nov 2004 16:48:14 -0600
Sender: Seeq Endestroi
Reply-To: Seeq Endestroi <seeq@tcsys.nospam.co.uk>
Message-ID: <he8qp09n3keok40jcg7kg3q7d588t6qs3t@4ax.com>
References: <formp0ht16hk8o4vsq46822cbjth3dpjuf@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 2.0/32.652
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 85
X-Trace: sv3-KaitT5FUET4vsSeJ2Kf3HOCfkW5+vx0Sxs71+vNb4GT1gtTfNohOu2LSucq4qB+m+f98t7w0XAlwC51!sikbb8E4wu4nOzuGzLeQfO42Np3MV1dhlGfxGrNidWv+nFSNGg6SbOtN5YXq4kK7udAQDQ==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.20
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:24020

Here's my final strategy, if anyone remains interested :P


Manaetic Behemoth Strategy Guide
Seeq, The Rathe
Nov 2004

This event requires a nice, chunky tank, many mezzers and a lot of DPS.  You'll need
something like 50+ PCs at an average level of 64 to successfully complete the script.

Before the event, all raid members should speak with Giwin Mirakon, on the PoI factory
floor.  They will receive a character flag for their troubles.

Secure the hallway outside MB's room.  Take down everything EXCEPT the Power Carrier
"spiders."  They are "no-touchie" for now.  Don't fret, they aren't KOS and they aren't
social.

Split off 4 "spider groups", one to each corner of the hallway surrounding MB's room.
Each spider group needs to include a mezzer and a healer.  These groups should be
self-sufficient.  A good spider group will be able to rend a target in under 20 seconds.

Put *all* of your pet classes into the spider groups, which will A> increase their DPS,
and B> keep wayward pets from aggroing MB onto the caster line.

Form up a couple of strictly mezz groups.  Position their members equidistant around the
hallway.

The ranged-DPS and healer lines should group tightly, just outside the door to MB's room.
The idea is that they should be able to easily see into the room to cast heals and nukes.
STAY OUT OF THE SPIDER'S AOE RANGE.

The MT should be pre-positioned at the door to MB's room.

Melee classes should stand to the side of the door, out of the way of the casters and
healers.

At the RL's signal, the spider groups should start attacking their targets.  NONE MUST
PASS.  ALL MUST DIE.  Once you start this part of the script, any spider that makes it
into MBs room will detonate with a 4K AoE that will threaten, or severely damage, the
caster line and the secondary DPS PCs.

Now you can see that the mezz groups are holding the hallway as insurance against any
sneaky spiders.  Stay frosty!  You cannot afford to let even one of those things get by.

It's going to be a long night for the spider and mezz groups.  This is not so much a "kill
the MB" raid as it is a "manage the spiders" raid.   ;->

After 10 minutes, MB will wake up in a bad mood (become targetable), because of the
interruption in the spider conga line which brings him power.

The MT will engage MB.  MB casts a spell with Force push, so it is best if the MT
positions himself against a wall.  Make sure that the healers can see the MT through the
door.  Hold the door open as necessary.

The healers should use blast heals, as opposed to a heal chain, because the fight won't
last long enough to get the chain up to speed.

After the MT beats MB down to 95% health, all of the ranged-DPS and melee should
"killswitch-engage," and take that clown down really really fast.

At this point, all of the DPS classes in the spider groups should bum-rush into battle
alongside the main raid force.  CASTER PET CLASSES MUST BE VERY VERY CAREFUL NOT TO AGGRO
MB TO THE CASTER AND HEALER LINES.

All of the mezzing classes should do whatever it takes to keep all of the spiders frozen
in place, while slowly falling back towards the door to MB's room.  Sounds easy, but can
be quite challenging.  At this point, the mezzers ability to stay focused on their task is
what makes or breaks the raid.

As MB falls, the mezzers must remember to keep the spiders frozen in place.  Just a little
longer, gang...

Send an FD or mem blur puller into MBs room to loot.  Then, he should attack and FD-pull
the spawned Gnome as far away from MB's room as possible, which had better be outside of
the spider's AoE range.

Everyone should then swarm the Gnome, and hail him for their Tactics flag.

The whole time, make sure you're far outside the spider's AoE range.  Any spiders that
break mezz and aggro the raid party can be dealt with accordingly.

Back in PoK, everyone in the raid party should visit Gram Dunnar to get their free
I-Just-Got-A-Flag AA point.

(FYI - MB is a 3.5 hour reset.  So if you wipe you will have plenty of time for CRs.))


