From -8843643011526954980
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ef2a0265241947b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-24 22:14:29 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3C00898A.48035C21@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Grouping with necros
References: <9to3e3$3ql8p$1@ID-83115.news.dfncis.de>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 259
Date: Sun, 25 Nov 2001 06:04:29 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.144.172.127
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1006668269 216.144.172.127 (Sun, 25 Nov 2001 01:04:29 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 25 Nov 2001 01:04:29 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:138157



John Burton wrote:

> I play a level 30 necro and today I've been grouped with two parties who
> despite reaching level 30 or so clearly have little idea of the needs and
> skills of necros in a group. Probably because necros rarely group so here
> are some bits of advice :-
>

This is quite a puzzler for me, necros seem like they would make very
good group members, but rarely do I get in a group with one, and those
I know who play necros say that when they do want groups they can
go quite a long time searching.  Necros solo because they can do that
well... but also because you don't hear group looking for necro, or
if you put out LFG tags, you don't get a lot of tells.

>
> Unless I tell you I need it, don't waste your mana healing me. If I need
> health during a fight I'll lifetap it fom one of the mobs, doing them some
> damage at the same time. It's normal for necros to end the fight on more
> health than they started and the lose health while meditating due to
> vampiric curse turning those hitpoints into mana. Of course if I'm about to
> die I'd welcome a heal...
>

HP = mana for a necro.  I'm quite aware of this.  Oddly, as a cleric, I'm
ludicriously aware of what people are doing and what their mana and
mine, relatively speaking, are good for.  If I'm FM and the necro is
the only guy low on hp, he might get a nice efficient heal... celestial,
for example, makes a very effective pump.  I want to see that necro
in Lich form 24/7, and heck, there's no need for me to sit around FM
when I could be medding back what little that heal cost me.

I swear as many times as I've asked a necro for mana ("pump please")
I've run this "reverse pump" just as many times... and thats before
getting thurg quest pants, which pump out group healing at 105 points
a click.

Can you get the hp back by tapping a mob? Yes but... this costs mana!
If the object is to maximize necro mana over time, an otherwise unengaged
healer could do worse than to slap those heals on.

>
> Don't waste your mana giving me breeze. I'll only cancel it as vampiric
> curse is better. Clarity is more debatable but I still prefer to use
> vampiric curse to clarity as it seems faster. At least you *can* cancel
> breeze these days. A while back you couldn't so it was a big pain.

I'd sit down and look closely at the mana regen rates of your current
hp to mana converter and compare to breeze, clarity, and C2... at any
given level one or the other may be more mana per minute.  If the edge
is slightly in favor of the converter I'd stick to clarity, as you may need
those hp for something else in a group.  This isn't as important soloing,
where your pet heal is all you need and that doesn't cost you HP...

Necros who cancel clarity on sight are a lot like bards who cancel SOW
on sight... depends on the situation, you want to think twice about it.

>
> Buff my pet, not me. I don't want to get involved in the fight, but my pet
> will. I see too many people buffing the necro and forgetting the pet.  BUT
> if you have any health regeration buffs, I need those. I can turn them into
> mana regeneration... Well, buff me if you can, it's welcome but it's not
> your priority.

HP buffs for the necro are like mana/int buffs, they increase the available
mana pool.  Further, they are a heal in the bank, those points might be
the ones that save the chanter's life... or the necros.  HP buffs are rarely
wasted on anyone at all, as people who aren't supposed to get hit sometimes
will, and more hit points means more time to get a heal in em or get the mob
off em.  Particularly as necros tend to run with some damage constantly,
they can be amazingly soft targets when aggro'd.

>
> If you SOW the group, remember the pet. Don't want it to get left behind!
>

Sure we do... more often than not, SOW is on the group so we can make a
retreat to the zone line.  Your pet is expected to help cover that retreat by
staying and dying so none of the real tanks have to.  SOW the pet is only
needed if we are moving from one spot to another... and often we'd rather
you kill the pet and make a new one on arrival, or put him on guard and
summon him when we need him.

>
> Don't expect me to be doing anything other than meditating during most of
> the fight. My pet is tanking, doing reasonable damage and taking damage from
> the less expendable tanks, I need the mana more than you need the extra
> little but of damage I can be doing.
>

This is true for all casters, sitting down is an activity, and if you think
about
it one of the hardest; we have to be stationary (heck, for the learning part
of the game, blind) and motionless while everyone else is hopping around
having fun.  Course the main exception to this is the bard, who gets to
be an exceptionally active caster and almost never sit.... but my wrists
can't take it.

>
> Treat me as any other caster. If I start getting hit, taunt the thing off me
> as I'll die rapidly. If I die you lose my pet as well so that's like two
> deaths.
>
> Allow me to pull with boil blood when appropriate. This DOT spell does a
> whole lot of damage over time. If I pull with it it gets two or more chances
> to reduce the health of the mob before it even gets to the tank.
>

DOTs are hazardous to your health, as they make the mob unmezable,
unatonable, unblurable... "when appropriate" is a very important
modifier here, this applies to large mobs that will take significant amounts
of time to kill, in situations where there is no chance the party will be
switching to another mob if the wrong thing comes along for the ride
or wanders in later.  Fast kill mobs, DOTS are a waste of mana, and
long kill mobs in dangerous areas might become incredible liabilities
if the group can't switch targets if necessary.

>
> Learn what necros can do for you. For example fear can be a very powerful
> alternative to enchanters mez spells. If an extra mob joins in the fight, I
> can fear it and it will run off for 20 seconds or so giving the group time
> to finish off the first mob. But sometimes I need to be asked to do this as
> it's not always clear to casters if the tanks think they can hold off the
> mobs.
>

This is -very- situational; as a cleric Fear is also in my arsenal, and using it

for crowd control usually only happens in emergencies, to let us run to zone.
That feared add (probably unsnared) may very well run off and fetch his
big brothers, after all!  Non-frenzy mobs don't add, so they aren't a potential
target for the fear approach, which leaves only mobs that occur in limited
quantities in areas where you know they can't run for help.  Necros do get
a mez... but fear isn't it.

Fear is most useful in a fear kite, where the snared feared mob walks slowly
away with your pet and the rest of the party beating on it, casting DOTs
that have full (as opposed to 2/3rds moving towards you) effect, nuking
without fear of aggro, and with its own melee and casting abilities shut off.
As necros have both snare and fear (and DOTS and a tank) they can easily
enable a party to triple its kills per hour in a good fear kite situation, and
the
party can, by relieving the necro of mana costs to kill, likewise double the
necros rate of kills per hour.  Try a rogue partner for some real boosted
potential.

>
> Ask for nukes. We don't have nukes quite as powerful as some of the other
> classes, but shock of poison does 160 damage at level 30 which is a fairly
> good nuke if you don't have a wizard handy.
>

While necros do less damage per point of mana than a wizard, they have
access to a good deal more mana than that wizard does, in terms of
potential nuke output per minute they may still have the wizard beat
at lower levels!  Breeze/clarity lessens this gap substantially, of course...

>
> Assume that we even though we stand up at the start of a fight, cast two
> spells and sit down for the rest of the fight that we are doing our jobs.
> With the pet, and all our dots running we are probably doing far more damage
> to the mob that all of the tanks combined, but nobody can see that so it
> often looks like we are just sitting the fight out. Also we can can heal a
> bit, nuke reasonably well and fear.
>

This is a gripe of all casters.  Now that heal levels are reported I don't feel
quite as much the -do nothing- in a group, but nuke damage is still left
out of the party.  On the other hand, how many people would continue
to play tanks with their miserable damage outputs if they could see what
was -really- killing the mobs?  We need em to sponge for us, let them
dream on about the enourmity of their damage output... which at higher
levels, will eventually eclipse anything you can sustain over any real amount
of time.

>
> I think that necros are often overlooked for groups because to people who
> don't play necros it looks like we are adding little to the group when in
> fact we are doing a huge amount of damage and have some utility spells like
> a mana efficient heal over time spell which can keep a tank health long term
> unlike the one off heals of a cleric. (Not that I'm suggesting we can
> replace a cleric, but we can take some of the healing pressure off them if
> we have the spare mana).

Clerics get HOT too, although relatively late in life (44)

>
> These are aimed at big groups. In partnerships or small groups, things are
> slightly different.
>

In a partnership/small group the abilities of the necro shine brighter, not
dimmer,
in a large group (and especially in multi group raids) there are always going to

be other people doing any job you can do, better... but with only one or two
partners, you'll be a compliment to whatever they bring to the table.

>
> Anyway, lecture over. Has anyone got anything to add to this? How do other
> classes find grouping with necros? Is there anything I should be doing that
> I don't due to ignorance of what other classes can do?

Rely less on DOTs in a group.  Look at every one of your spells and try
to figure out what good they could be doing in a group as opposed to solo...
and what bad.  Be prepared to educate every new group member...and
to learn from them, as not many people have grouped with necros
extensively, and aren't going to know what tools you can put at their disposal.

Try to get the pet damaged more, since his health regen rate is ten times that
of the other party members, and replacing him involves a lot less mana and
down time than replacing a dead party member.  On the other hand, you need
to keep an eye on pet health since its quite difficult and low priority for the
healers to do so, and he does represent an expenditure of mana on your part and
on the parts of anyone who buffed him up.  Verant should put in a f2 f2 option
similar to the current f1 f1, to allow us to directly target groupmate's pets,
but until that point don't rely on healers to do this for you. Careful use of
your /pet taunt and /pet no taunt, and telling the party tanks when to let
pet get hurt and when to go back to taunting are good things to learn for this.

Your resist debuffs may be one of your better assets in a group, allowing
everyones spells to stick more often and for higher damage to the mob.  When
soloing, the fact that you have access to a wide variety of DOTs means you
don't much need those, as you can just avoid the variety the mob resists well,
but other classes are often more restricted as to which sorts of spells they
can cast at all, and might need that resist lowered in order to do their utmost.

At higher levels, carry a coffin.  I know, its heavy and consumes space... but
its your job.  Further, make sure you have a coffin in the bank, in fact if you
can afford it (and necros tend to be rich) make a DE mule and load him down with

8 coffins and park him at a handy port hub.

FD is another vital function of the necro.  Keep memmed at all times in
a group, and if you are in a bad spot facing wipeout, do what you can
to ensure that the cleric camps out successfully, then FD yourself.  This
way you can tell the cleric when it is safe to come back, or even pull
mobs away or move bodies around by FDing in short hops.  You'll
never be as good at this as a monk, but there's often not going to be a monk
handy.  Also FD if you are getting beat down if you can, the cleric may
very well not be able to get a heal on you in time otherwise.

Learn what necros use for Mez... (screaming terror?) and learn to use
it well.  Many a group dies a forming because no chanter can be located,
but in relatively controllable situations, a necro can make a substitute,
not as sweet as the Sugar of a chanter, but still viable if he's practiced
at the art and there's a itchy trigger finger on the evac button. I just
spent 3 hours in the Hole with a necro in the group learning to use his
mez, and once he got the bugs worked out we kicked some butt... went
so well I was perfectly happy to go back in again later the same day
with another necro as our mez, and again it went quite well.

Groups don't form because they can't find enchanters to mez, necros
can't find groups but can mez... sounds like a match made in (heaven)

Bergh/Srimp/Shrouds



