From -262060806241510053
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,995234354ecf2136
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-05-09 04:02:27 PST
Path: newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.onemain.com!feed1.onemain.com!nntp3.onemain.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3AF92279.DA16E118@success.net>
From: Lance <emporer@success.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Most groupable class?
References: <20010506092702.13441.00002390@ng-mj1.aol.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 156
Date: Wed, 09 May 2001 06:56:57 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.41.22.106
X-Complaints-To: abuse@onemain.com
X-Trace: nntp3.onemain.com 989405905 64.41.22.106 (Wed, 09 May 2001 06:58:25 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 09 May 2001 06:58:25 EDT
Xref: newsfeed.google.com alt.games.everquest:74726



Dslucas123 wrote:

> Hi, I'm an Asheron's Call veteran and I'd like to know which class is the most
> groupable, i.e. which class is almost always in demand?
>
> Asheron's Call is a soloists dream, but I'm tired of that and want a little
> more interaction with my fellow man (with the exception of quests there's
> little that can be achieved more effeciently in a group than it can be solo in
> AC).  So basically I want to pick a class that people are going to want to
> group with.
>
> I like the sounds of the Bard, because I tend to lean towards a
> Jack-of-all-trades at least initially.  And like melee fighting.
>
> So far I've tried a Wood Elf Druid and a High Elf Magician (I thought the pets
> looked cool ^_^).  But, I've read some web sites etc that seem to indicate that
> the magician isn't all that stunning in a group, since his pet can take exp
> away from the main party... and... well, the Druid seemed a bit airy-fairy to
> me (no offence druids).
>
> So, any suggestions for a long-time soloer, wannabe-grouper?
>
> Cheers,
>
> Dave

Warrior, Enchanter, Cleric.  In that order, currently.

Why (IMO) the others aren't on that list:

Good bards are great in a group... but there are so many
bad bards out there that people aren't even aware of what
a well played bard can do for them, or will assume that
you are likely a bad bard unless they know you.

Magicians are likewise good in a group, the canard about
exp taken away is silly, study indicates its on the order
of 1%... essentially you get an extra tank at a cost 1/16th
that of a PC.  On the other hand, mages are so good at
soloing that many haven't developed good grouping skills,
and thus you end up in the same boat as bards... people don't
hunger for your class because they don't know how useful
it is or assume you are one of the ones that don't know what
you are doing.

Rangers, Shadowknights, and Paladins, well played, make
good secondary  tanks, and have some spell abilities to add
utility.  Much of what was seriously broken with the classes
has been repaired... but you'll be less in demand than a true
warrior or a spellcaster in your class in most cases.

Monks are also an excellent secondary tank class, with
high damage output and the best "pulling" (getting
creatures over to the group for you to fight) ability in
the game.  Why this class isn't in more demand escapes
me, but rarely do you see groups advertizing for a monk.

Rogues are tailor made for secondary tank... as long as
they aren't the focus of the target's attentions, they can
do phenomenal damage.  Excellent in the art of Fear
Kiting, as this keeps a mob's back turned fairly consistently.
Again, though, experience shows not a lot of requests
for rogues despite this.

Necromancers are similar to mages, actually perhaps the
supreme class in the game... but so soloable that few
have much to do with groups at all.  Rare indeed is a
group calling out for a necro.

If necro's are the top of the heap, wizards are perhaps
at the bottom.  Difficult to solo, they tend to do little
in a group but sit and suck up the experience.  This
is because all the damage they can do stems from
direct damage spellcasting; while they are the best
at this, this is still an inefficient way to damage most
mobs.  For them to do an appreciable amount
of damage, they need to spend so much mana that
they are forced to spend a long time meditating afterwards.
In special circumstances where something -must- be
killed quickly, they are excellent to have along... but
a Mage would be almost as good, and he'd have
been contributing far more to the fight with his pet
and his Damage Shield line of spells.

Druids are decent healers, have a number of useable
buffs, primary amongst which is the SOW spell which
(outdoors only) increases movement rate to faster
than that of most mobs.  SOW is life... but at low levels
Shaman also get SOW, and at 30+ rangers get it also.
Further, in your 30's potions that give SOW become
affordable for emergency use, by your 40's its quite
possible to use them continuously.  Also, JBoots
give a similar effect, as do (it is said) a new vendor
purchasable pair of boots that require no quest.  In
addition to SOW, Druids (along with rangers, necromancers,
and higher level wizards) get Snare, which slows the
movement rate of mobs, allowing several interesting
tactics.  Druids are also a highly soloable class, which
puts them in the same boat as mages and necros... group
druids are more useful than is commonly percieved.  Also
quite a few druids out there, so any request for one is
often met immediately.

Shaman are buffing healers, capable of making your
party hit harder and faster and the mob hit softer
and more slowly.  Decent healers, too, and SOW
capable.  Seem to be relatively few of them out there,
and many tanks appreciate their talents... but lacking
snare like the druid or -good- heals like the cleric,
they fit into the "also ran" heading much of the time.
Rarely see requests for shaman, other than "any healer
needed" ones.

-------the ones I did reccomend ---------------------

Warriors make the best primary tanks, most of the
time, and even when they don't, the common
perception is that they do.  This, and their relative
rarity (a lot of warriors out there, mind you, but
a lot more demand than there is supply nonetheless)
make them highest in demand.  That could change, as
people who pick their class based on demand increase
supply.

Enchanters excell at crowd control, allowing a group
to survive an accidental overpull, and to purposefully
pull in several opponents but fight only one at a time.
They also can drastically increase the party mana
regen rate, and speed up the melee fighters to increase
the rate of damage production.  Of the pure casters,
this one is in the most demand, and, because its
difficult to play, low in supply.

Clerics are, at most levels, the best healers in the game,
and pack a wide array of other useful spell lines as
well.  Able to root, stun, and fear, clerics also have
the best HP and AC buffs in the game, all of which
add measurably to a group's survival rate.  They aren't
particularly good at speeding up the kill rate, so much
as they are at cutting down time -between- fights and
at eliminating the annoying time and exp loss due to
premature death.  In addition (and I'll be mocked for
saying this) with the capability of wearing plate
armor and an adequate selection of big slow weaponry,
they are capable of turning in credible melee damage...
more of a tertiary tank on the order of a mage or
necro pet.  Used to be the class most in demand, but
supply is well up in the past few months.

Bergh
36 cleric, Morel Thule
former 28 mage, 19 bard, and just about every
other class to at least 6th or 9th



