From 6642884856210070961
X-Google-Thread: fb739,396e3d669f66126b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!news-feed01.roc.ny.frontiernet.net!nntp.frontiernet.net!prodigy.com!newsmst01a.news.prodigy.com!prodigy.com!postmaster.news.prodigy.com!newssvr33.news.prodigy.com.POSTED!284a1c64!not-for-mail
From: "Eric J. Hawman" <ejhawman@ameritech.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Adastraea's Growing Family
Lines: 278
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
Message-ID: <TLdbd.17042$Qv5.16982@newssvr33.news.prodigy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.23.219.162
X-Complaints-To: abuse@prodigy.net
X-Trace: newssvr33.news.prodigy.com 1097689203 ST000 68.23.219.162 (Wed, 13 Oct 2004 13:40:03 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 13 Oct 2004 13:40:03 EDT
Organization: SBC http://yahoo.sbc.com
X-UserInfo1: T[OYB[GDTZSIRVPXNKK^_T\B\JYL@DHLLBWLOOAFMAVNDQUBLNTC@AWZWDXZXQ[K\FFSKCVM@F_N_DOBWVWG__LG@VVOIPLIGX\\BU_B@\P\PFX\B[APHTWAHDCKJF^NHD[YJAZMCY_CWG[SX\Y]^KC\HSZRWSWKGAY_PC[BQ[BXAS\F\\@DMTLFZFUE@\VL
Date: Wed, 13 Oct 2004 17:40:03 GMT
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:19246

  Before I even start...

  Immediately after my last post, I got Rabotev into another attempt at
Aerin'Dar.
Resigned to failure, I was pleasantly surprised to find the leaders of this
raid - including
a guildie of mine - had learned enough from previous failures to keep a
cleric camped
in the prep room.
  We went down, buffed up, positioned ourselves, and pulled. Throughout the
fight, I
only checked the dragon's health once: I was quite focussed on my job, crowd
control. As soon as a golem started to move, I headed toward it and snared
it. Whether
it landed or not, I got aggro and it wasn't heading toward the main force
anymore.
Eventually, a snare would land, then a root, and I would dot it with my
nifty new
Leaf-Blower Sword. I would use my cheapest roots, not only because I was
expecting
to cast other, faster-casting dots to supplement epic dot, but also because
it tends
to break early less often than anything else. I'd rather have a relatively
certain one
minute root than a nomin three-minute that usually dosen't last thirty
seconds against
red-con mobs.
  I gain experience: the dragon is down, hurrah! But that is only the first
test; now comes
the harder one - getting everyone rezzed in time. The cleric upstairs comes
downstairs,
but it also seems we do have surviving clerics, and pallies who realized
they can
indeed be bothered not to tank the golems when so many bodies are lying
around them
and people are screaming for rezzes.
  The raid leader starts a timer going as soon as AD falls. Minutes tick by.
I, for once,
managed to stay out of range of dragon AE's, so I am still alive and
running. So are
a good many others in the kite group, though as usual we can't agree on one
single
golem to take down first. Four minutes, five, six...Rahlgon goes down, then
other goelms,
one by one, kiters gradually decide to act as one and concentrate one one
mob at a time,
golems drop steadily...
  At seven minutes, someone who isn't officially a raid officer, but has
sounded
authoritative throughout the proceedings, advises "Hail now!!" Several do. I
get a
screenshot proving I was not the first, but this proves unnecessary: the
official leader
does indeed give the order around then. Rabotev gets his flag. Yay!
  The golems are cleared, the last few people rez and hail. The Planar
Projection lasts
a good ten minutes AFTER FIRST HAIL - far longer than anyone present has
ever seen
it do before. The random number generator tied to its despawn time must have
come
up 100.  So everyone gets flagged. In a celebratory mood, we hack a path to
the
HoH portal. Rabotev touches it -
  - and is immediately shunted back to Tranquility. He can't enter HoH
without a Justice
trial.

  On to the main event:
  The week goes well enough: Adas gets groups in the Muramite Proving
Grounds,
earning 2.5% AAXP per kill and coming to the very edge of level 66. The
weekend is
up in the air, until a figure from the past shows up...
  Naelau, like me, is a guy whose main/best known character  is a female
wizard - dark
elf in his case. He was kicked out of Kryptic Rage after a bit of confusion
regarding
his personal life - an honest mistake, I think. I'm not really sure what it
was about, but
he has seemed perfectly honorable in game to me. He has raid leadership
experience,
and tried to recruit me into House Hydra when KR dissolved. Then HH also
collapsed,
several former KR ending up on the Council...and Naelau disappeared for four
months.
Now back, he was accepted into the guild during the week and led us through
one
of the most active weekends in the Council's history so far.
  Saturday, we started in the Plane of Storms, finishing up getting BoT key
pieces for
people who missed out last time. Rabotev managed to get everything he
needed. A few
guests attended, all claiming they were okay with not getting any pieces
today if there
wasn't time, but hoping there would be. Some names I recognized; in
particular, an
ogre warrior calling himself "Mone Atwotankage", played by a soldier
stationed in Europe.
At the end of the raid, he and a few others were invited by our officers,
and accepted.
  Next, a hedge run. Rabotev had this one done, so I switched to Adas for
more DPS.
It went very smoothly, slmost flawlessly, and in record time - only mezzing
Thelin to rest
and recover once, instead of several times in a row. Again, some guests
joined the guild
at the end.
  Finally, a Justice trial. No guests this time, just core guild members.
While another group
did Execution ahead of us, we amused ourselves with a crack at Torture. I
didn't get
to a corner in time, and got pounced by mobs spwning on top of me. No rez:
the group
wiped when it turned out the mobs were unmezzable. Well, that settled the
issue of what
to do while waiting for the other group to finish: sit in the graveyard,
waiting for our
corpses to pop, then rez and rebuff.
  Our turn came, and we went in. Having no star rubies for use as reagents
for the
instant-death-to-summoned spell, I had to settle for a more conventional
anti-summoned
nuke, which was about as efficient as a regular wizard nuke for its level.
It did the job;
we managed to squeak through the trial, I only had to be rezzed twice (one
death, two
rezzes to get to the instanced zone) and Rabotev got his Justice flag after
a talk with
Mavuin. Then a visit to Gram Dunnar earns me TWO AA's. Then off to Storms
with
all the key pieces and a tlak with Askr, and Rab steps into BoT for the
first time. And
another talk with Gram Dunnar...another AA! Rab is a Baron!
  Wait...Baron isn't available anymore - one of the stealth changes made
with the release of
OOW was to the titles available. Some bright dev must have convinced SOE
that it
would be much more in keeping with the role-playing aspect of a medievalish
RPG
to use the regular nobility title progression, lords beneath barons. So
Rabotev can
now be a Lord. But Naturewalker is probably the coolest title that will ever
be available
to him, so I choose that.
  This also resolves a problem with Adas. I had been working on her AA's,
but always
spending them on  archetype AA's rather than class specifics, because once
she got
24 in class she would no longer be a cool-sounding Mistress; she would
become a
dowdy old Sage. Now that she can choose her title she can be a Mistress as
long as
she wants. Or a Lady. Or even a Duchess, now.
  (Tradeskill titles have had an unfortunate effect in places: Apprentice
Jewelcrafter is
a mouthful to add to a character that already has a first and last name.
Combined with
the new code that shrinks names to fit within certain size limits, some
people who choose
to be known as Apprentices have names unreadable at any distance; even up
close
the letters are too small to make out. You have to target them to find out
who they are.)
  This frees Adas up to earn Improved Familiar. But first, some cheaper AA's
that will
improve her mana pool. Which is another story in itself...

  Up until Adas got her epic, between her mana pool of around 4000 with KEI
and her
mana regen (KEI: 15; mental clarity AA, 3; Earring of Solstice, 1;
Gfamiliar, 4; Force
Shield spell, 3) she could barely handle mobs around the fire pit in Nadox,
most of which were light blue, a few dark blue. Going on full AAXP, about
1.75% per quad, when she
was earning 2.25% per quad of the same mobs when she was 62. A case where,
against
common wisdom, levels !> AA, because it's easier to earn AA's at 62 then at
65,
against the most conventient soloable mobs. If only Adas had enough mana
pool and
mana regen, she could quad treants in the Plane of Nightmares, at 1% AAXP
per mob!
4% per quad! But alas, it seemed so far away.
  Then she got her epic. With KEI, she had an INT of 277, just below her cap
of 280.
Without anything in primary hand. Add the epic, and she needed three levels
of Innate
Enlightenment to no longer max her INT, and the mana pool resulting from it.
  So...the next 9 AA's were devoted to IE. So will the next 6 be; and 10
after that
to Planar Power. Then Innate Intelligence. Then, likely, the expensive
Improved Familiar,
then Allegiant Familiar, and finally more nuke furies...
  But now she had a much larger mana pool. Then she got more gear with mana
on it:
an earpiece from a raid on Inny in Nadox, a Ring of Thunderous Spirits bough
in the Bazaar,
her Jaded Shield of Protection from a Dranik's Hollows expedition, something
here,
something there...
  And poof, she has 4500 mana with KEI, and more mana regen to boot. Now,
she CAN
quad in Nightmare. And several other places. So she now finished AA's much
faster (I only
start a new AA in a group, preferably MPG). 12Khp mobs are hers to won; now
to
shoot for 15khp...

  But I have digressed too far. Where was I...?
  Ah, yes, the weekend raids.
  Sunday, only one raid: BoT towers. Adas came to this one, as did more
guild recruits
who got flagged at the end of the day. Some nice loot dropped, mostly
unusable or not
good upgrades for Adas, though I did net one thing that Rabotev could use.We
finished
three of the four towers; the Earth tower we did not attempt, partly because
the raiding
had been going on long enough and people were getting tired, partly because
we didn't
have the manpower for the named there - apparently he is signifigantly
tougher than
the other tower nameds.
  On to some regular groupage, more experience earned, more AA's. But the
whole
thing left me feeling a natural high. A highly successful weekend for the
Council. To
think, hard-charging endgame guilds do this five or six nights a week. But
if I was
a day shift worker, I'd be in one of them, and Time/Qvic geared by now...
  Thannis still leads us during the week, but with Naelau to lead on the
weekends, we
will likely shift into turbodrive. All the new poeple have to be
backflagged, of course,
which may give me some breathing room; I will be able to get Rabotev up to
60, and
earn him Mental Clarity 3 and Dire Charm. If I want to solo him, mostly. But
if groups
are so easy to get, maybe I should have him do Spell Casting Reinforcement
for
extended buffs, and MGB for raids? Decisions, decisions...
  And I have to get to know the new poeple! Just when I was coming to enjoy
the Council
as a family guild, we get a huge growth spurt - 12 people in  a few days.
Likely I'll
focus on a few long-term friends, the core people who know me already,  but
the
"family" flavor of the guild is fading, becoming more of a large clan, then
perhaps an
impersonal army. We will take down gods with this force, but how well will I
know the
people alongside me?
  Ah, well. My friendships I can manage. I'm grateful I managed to get in on
the ground
floor in a Time-bound guild. The true lagend of the Lady of the Star Winds
has begun.

EJH

  On Tholuxe Paells:
  [65 Wizard] Adastraea Starwind (High Elf) of Erollisi Marr <Council of the
Fellowship>
  [59 Druid] Rabotev Startree (Wood Elf) of Tunare <Council of the
Fellowship>
  [41 Warrior] Gruggoredil Dullwit (Barbarian) of Rallos Zek
  [45 Monk] Tosev Starfist (human) of Quellious
  [45 Shadow Knight] Neuveniu Sinstorm (Dark Elf) of Innoruuk
  [30 Enchanter] Nuneveiu Arworthi (Dark Elf)
  [25 Cleric] Celune (High Elf) of Tunare
  [27 Beastlord] Grukyn (Vah Shir)

  On Drinal:
  [16 Bard] Greban (Vah Shir)

  On Firiona Vie:
  [32 Cleric] Adastra Peraspera (High Elf) of Tunare




