From -8453778478523689460
X-Google-Thread: fb739,719a6185148c24c3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews2.google.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 50: What Ever Happened to Tarlin Trueblade
Date: 25 Aug 2004 13:07:40 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 128
Message-ID: <cgiric$hhg@odah37.prod.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: odah37.prod.google.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1093464460 4461 127.0.0.1 (25 Aug 2004 20:07:40 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 25 Aug 2004 20:07:40 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14645

Tales of Loral
Chapter 50: What Ever Happened to Tarlin Trueblade

Loral sat in the heavy wood chair running a finger along the grain of
the worn table. A gray vacancy filled his eyes; his mind was a lifetime
away.

The cold northern breeze slid in the tavern's window, bringing strange
smells to Loral's nostrils. It had been two years since Loral last
visited Qeynos. Even the air was different.

Black blood from horrors beyond the world of Norrath stained and
tarnished Loral's golden armor. A string of leather tied back his grey
hair. His dirty left hand circled an untouched goblet of wine, the
black scar of his palm a deep contrast to his pale skin. On his back
sat the burning shield of Fire, the phylactery of Xuzl. Loral felt the
demon smile even now.

A wave of the cold northern wind blew in as a dark-skinned figure
cloaked and hooded in blue opened the door and entered the tavern. He
stepped towards Loral's table on soft hide sandals. A small silver
medallion cut in the shape of a crescent moon hung around his neck and
three red dots sat below his left eye. His skin had wrinkled and he
walked with a slight limp but otherwise he was the same priest Loral
met decades ago in Felwithe.

Ciric sat down at the table, his eyes fixed on the golden-armored elf.

"Your father is alive. Death will not find him for many years." Loral
let out a breath he hadn't realized he held in. Ciric continued, his
voice even and calm. "He is severely underfed. His muscles are
weakened. He cannot stand. His left eye is blind."

Loral's eyes filled with tears. He couldn't imagine what his father
faced in the depths of Hate and Torment. No mortal ever survived for so
long in places like that.

"He hasn't spoken. He doesn't yet seem to recognize this place." Ciric
put his hand over Loral's wrist. "We are taking care of him, my friend.
We will take care of him as long as we have to."

"Now tell me how you found him."

Loral looked up, light streaks of pale skin drawn from his eyes down to
the side of his mouth.

"Xuzl told me." Loral let the words hang in the air while he watched
his mentor's reaction. These three words could have the priest
excommunicated from the church if not executed as a heretic. If any one
man understood the pain behind these words, it was Ciric. Loral reached
into a pouch at his belt and drew out a small leather-bound book.

"I found this in the library of Tanaan. It is my father's journal."
Loral kept his hand over the small journal. "He began writing it when
he joined the Emerald Guardians of Telethin over four hundred years
ago.

"It seemed my father had many of the same problems with his kingdom
that I have with mine. Many were slain by his hand under the order of
loyalty and valor. He quickly lost stomach for it.

"During the wars of Telethin he drew his blades again. When the elves
reached Faydwer he fought with the armies of Kelethin against the
goblins and orcs that wished to send the elves back into the sea. His
tale ended but I have more journals to discover.

"Xuzl learned of my father as he invaded my dreams. He sent his agents
of Fire far and wide to find anything he could use against me. He found
much.

"Over one hundred years ago a plane-walker broke into a church in the
Plane of Hate and stole an artifact of the dark priests of Innoruuk.
The rogue returned to Norrath with the artifact and hoped to sell it
but the danger of the artifact grew in his mind and he sold it to my
father for copper.

"The dark priests called fourth a creature of Hate, filling a cauldron
with their own lifeblood and once released, this agent of Rancor began
hunting down this hammer.

"Tall and covered in leathery blue skin, the agent of Hate hunted
across the lands with burning red eyes under his black cloak and hood.
He carried a long jagged shard of metal from another world. Leather
from the skin of a wyrm wrapped its handle.

"The cloaked agent strode past the guards of Felwithe like a cold
shadow. My father never stood a chance.

"My father found himself in the shadowed world of Hate, hearing
whispers of paranoia that blew through the iron city like a chilled
wind. The demonic hunter smiled over jagged pointed teeth when he saw
the pain and fright in my father. The agent of Innoruuk plunged his
long dagger into my father's heart.

"Death is strange in the Planes. With so many ways to travel, death
comes differently to all. For my father, death was exile. The hunter
threw his broken body into a pile of others that rotted on every street
corner of the dark city of Hate.

"Some, when they face death, are judged by the even hand of the
Tribunal. Some, however, find themselves lost in the chaos and horror
of Saryn's cells in the Plane of Torment. There is no justice there, no
judgment. There is only pain and misery. That is where Xuzl found my
father.

"Xuzl is old and his spy network is vast. There is little information
he cannot find. He was surprised to find my father alive, deep in the
cells of Torment. He was surprised and delighted.

"Even the twisted horror-masters of Torment didn't know why my father
was there. This didn't stop them from breaking him apart and rebuilding
him every day for one hundred years. Xuzl's spies found him there,
broken and drained of every ounce of life.

"Xuzl saw the state my father was in and knew the pain it would cause
me to see him that way. He also knew it was the only way he could get
what he wanted."

"What is that?" Ciric's voice sounded strange after Loral's
description.

"Release." Loral's eyes stayed on his drink. "He wants to be free upon
Norrath again. He wants to feel the ground die under his feet. He wants
the air to scream in protest against his very being." Loral looked up
to his friend and mentor.

"I accepted."



