From -993689098624300038
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,eee5bebf51a1df50
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-02-18 16:18:32 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news0.telusplanet.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <b2tu4b012pn@enews3.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: Monual's Two Games
Lines: 189
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <s3A4a.34147$9K5.1736159@news0.telusplanet.net>
Date: Wed, 19 Feb 2003 00:18:32 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: news0.telusplanet.net 1045613912 216.232.78.121 (Tue, 18 Feb 2003 17:18:32 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 18 Feb 2003 17:18:32 MST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:265678


"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:b2tu4b012pn@enews3.newsguy.com...
>
> I get home, having been awake now for 26 hours.  I really ought to get to
> sleep but dutifully I log on.

    The rest of your post does a great job of depicting a tired mind at
work, by the way. ;-)

> Our guild has been having a bad couple of
> weeks.  We can't seem to kill anything.  We've failed three times on
> Bertoxx - on our last attempt, Bertoxx despawned after we engaged him.

    The event is timed. At the end of that time, everything goes poof.
Learning how to kill fast is important. Get your enchanters to start playing
around with charm during XP time. Mobs in the event can be charmed, and add
amazing amounts of DPS. But you don't want your enchanters learning about
the care and feeding of a charmed critter during a timed event.

> Things have
> been too easy for us for too long; now that we're pushing to progress,
we're
> not meeting with our customary success.  We've had a lot of major
> discussions about what's going wrong, and have come up with a lot of
> possible reasons - too many people going AFK, too many people with split
> attention, not enough communication, not coming up with good healing
> strategies.  The last is, of course, something that relates directly to
me;
> we've been having a nice discussion on our alliance board discussing what
we
> can do.

    Part of it is just growing pains. I don't want to diminish the
importance of the other things you mentioned, since they're all ongoing
issues with any raiding guild. But when you first start to push the
boundaries of what you can accomplish, and you folks are certainly doing
that now, you're gonna take some lumps. Now you're starting to see how
important strategy is to doing encounters consistently, as opposed to the
"res zerg" you used on your first Agnarr kill. Start trying to look for
where things broke down - tanks running OOR of heals, AoE's that decimate
your forces, things like that - and look for procedures to follow to solve
those problems. Once you have consistent, easy-to-follow procedures success
usually follows.

> Two of the Halls
> of Honor trials are up.  This isn't really something we've been failing
on;
> just something we've been putting off.

    The "three rooms" trial has fairly nice loot, and is well worth doing
even after you've done all three. A nice weapon or two, and a few good
100/100 items.

> I run to HoH and get CotH'd into the
> midst of a few folks huddled in the center of a huge room.  My guild
leader
> tells me to run to Room 1.

    Snip the rest. LOL, this is like the first time we flagged members of
another guild on the three rooms trial. We have a simple numbering system -
the room you start in is "1", the next room is "2", the room after that is
"3". That numbering system completely confused the people from the other
guild we had along. But we had lots of problems with them. I still remember
telling my room "all casters against the EAST wall" and watching all the
other guild's tanks wander to the east wall. Hello, I know you're a paladin
and cast spells, do you really think you're a "caster"?

> I look around and see him back away from the people huddled in the
> center of the room towards one of the hallways.  I follow him through the
> hallway into another huge room.  There's another group of people in the
> center of that one.  I run up to them and ask if this is room 1.  No, the
> say, it's room 2.  I turn ninety degrees and run down another hallway.
Here
> I find a third group of people, and this indeed seems to be room 1.  I
find
> a group and we buff.

    This sounds like the three rooms trial I'm talking about. The mobs that
spawned were Recuso model (red hair, green and blue clothing, sorta
raggedy), right?

> trial starts, and a bunch of mobs spawn in the room.  The tanks each grab
> one and I'm dutifully healing mine when a message comes across my screen
> that a woman is screaming.  "We lose" is said into the raid channel.  By
> following the recriminations that fly through the raid channel, I deduce
> that the purpose was to keep these mobs from killing some NPC's.  Somebody
> somewhere let a mob go untanked and it killed the NPC.

    Yeah, if this is three rooms. Six mobs spawn in each room. You have to
keep them busy or they run to room one and "kill" the woman. In at least one
room (our room 1?), the mobs are unmezzable. After a room's six mobs are
dead, a miniboss spawns there. Kill all three minibosses, you win. The
minibosses in our rooms two and three drop one loot item each. It's the
easiest of the three trials, once you get it down. It also helps that once a
room is finished the people there can rush to whatever other room needs aid.

> After we're finished bickering, we move on to the dragon trial.  This is
> where we decide to try one of the healing strategies we discussed.  Two
> clerics - myself and another guy - will keep casting Complete Heals on the
> Main Tank.  The rest will spam fast heals; one cleric will be the
designated
> rezzer.

    Not much need for a resser, unless you cycle warriors. People who get
ressed back in are usually stunned by the AoE so much it's not worthwhile.
Hug your bard!

> My CH's keep going off, and I never again lose
> control of myself, but they can't seem to corner the dragon

    Because of the things like vases near the wall, cornering or walling the
dragon eliminates all ranger bow damage. So push is always a problem. If you
can, get the people who cast swarm pets to circle the spot where the dragon
will pop before letting loose. Those things have a ton of associated push,
and you want them as evenly distributed as possible.

> People are hailing some guy whom I assume is the flag guy.  For the life
of
> me, I can't find him.  I run around for a good two minutes trying to find
> him.  See, this is why I need to level up another class sometime; if I'd
> been familiar with targeting mobs rather than players, I would have known
> all I needed to do was hit the F8 key to target the NPC.

    How do you assist heal? Assist off a known main tank, then assist again?
As a hint, when you're not asking for loot and aren't ressing folks you can
always /hidecorpse to get rid of the dragon body.

> We fight our way to Tallon Zek, who has a huge freakin' bow.  The strategy
> is explained: tanks engage, and the clerics are to run behind TZ so that
we
> don't get hit by his huge knockback.  Once again, I and another cleric
will
> be casting Complete Heals while the rest cast fast heals.
>
> We engage.  I run in and get hit by the knockback an incredible distance.

    Tsk tsk, where's the paladin with DA up positioning the mob?

> It seemed that no matter where I stood, Tallon Zek would whirl
> around until he faced me, then hit me with his knockback.

    Hmm. Sounds like the tank is getting knocked out of range. I bet if that
tank were, say, standing in a corner that wouldn't happen. ;-) Didn't you
folks learn something about knockback from doing Cazic Thule?

> I get rezzed back in and immediately run over to the Planar Projection.  I
> get my flag, then loot my corpse.  Now it's time for Vallon Zek.  We fight
> our way to him, then discuss our strategy.  There are five tanks; all of
the
> healers are designated a tank to heal.  The tanks will then say into the
> raid channel whether their Vallon Zek is the real one or the fake one.
> Everyone is to leave the real one alone and help the other tanks kill the
> fakes.

    This is a fun fight. Have to be careful about tank health, though, as
being summoned by five Vallon Zeks sucks. If you remember burrower parasite,
you know what I mean.

> Vallon Zek is pulled.  He drops to 60 percent, then splits into five.  The
> tanks do a pretty good job each grabbing a VZ.  Everyone's asking which
one
> is the real one - all of the tanks are reporting that theirs is a fake.

    SOMEBODY didn't gain aggro then sit down! Bad warrior, no biscuit! To
those reading that haven't done VZ yet, copy this post - Monual and I have p
retty much spoiled the entire encounter and saved you from at least one
wipeout.

> So, despite my sleep deprivation, I was able to materially contribute to a
> series of successful kills our alliance really needed.  We are now done
with
> the Zek twins and are another step closer to Rallos Zek.  Hopefully by the
> time we get there I'll have maxed out my AP and gotten my Ultima Weapon
> keychain.

    My "other game" addiction is Worms. My best friend and I used to play it
way back before EQ, and he recently got the new version for Playstation II.
He's even taken to playing it with his young daughters. That's what had
happened recently - he'd played it with his daughters, who had insisted on
setting up a tent in the basement room where the Playstation is to play
from. Then I came over, and we started playing. His wife later told us how
surprised she'd been to walk into the basement to see a tent set up, with
multiple plush toys in it, and two 30-something guys inside giggling and
shouting "I got your worm!"

    James




