From -3751735587824995986
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,36d9a54023215160
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-08-08 12:09:44 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F33F538.4F92E009@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Do My Shaman Pets Get Better?
References: <USOYa.98$fz2.20220@news.uswest.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 96
Date: Fri, 08 Aug 2003 19:15:01 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.234.7
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1060370101 66.109.234.7 (Fri, 08 Aug 2003 15:15:01 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 08 Aug 2003 15:15:01 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:296203



Kobe008 wrote:

> Recently dinged 34 and got my first pet.  There are a few things I don't like
> about this first pet and I'm hoping they get better and I get more in later
> levels.  First of all it seems I have to be really close to my pet before I
> can cast a buff or heal on it.  If I am at the edge of aggro range of a mob
> slowing and Dotting it I have to move in closer in order to buff or heal my
> pet.  I'd rather stay as far away from the mob as I can.  Also if my pet is
> getting low on health and I want to pull him back and let the mob dot to death
> while rooted I can pound on the Back button and the pet will not listen.  He
> continues to fight until he dies and I've wasted a whole bunch of mana that it
> took to create him.  Last thing that bothers me is it seems I have to pretty
> close to a mob before my pet will even attack it.  With charmed animals I
> could target a mob that was a lot further away, hit attack, and the charmed
> animal would take off and go attack.  With my summoned pet though he just sits
> there unless I'm closer.  Is there any hope?
>
> One last question.  Can a Shaman pet dual wield?

The shaman pet does get better, but not in the ways you seem to be concerned
about.

Range to heal him isn't going to change, its not based on the target you are
healing, its based on your spell (most shaman buffs and heals have the same range)
and whether you have extended range item.  Thats also true of charmed pets,
though, its not just your summoned one... and its true of players you group with.
If you want longer range buffs and heals, get an extended range item, or change
classes (or level up, I think you do get a couple longer range ones eventually)

Backing off a pet is an art form, one you'll have to work on.  If he gets hit or
cast on, or if -you- get hit or cast on, then he's going right back to the fight.
His hearing range also isn't all that great, if you make a habit of getting out to
maximum offensive spell distance you might be out where he can't hear you.  I
don't think charmed pets are any different here either though, and having run a
bard up to 57 I can assure you I've charmed more mobs than any seven shaman
combined.  Back him off just after the mob swings, and then chain tap the back
button several times, because he's probably not going to make it out of melee
range of the mob without getting swatted.  Plus you have to think about your
position and where the pet is going to go; if you have him on guard he'll be
heading for that spot, if not he's headed for you... except that since he shares
the pathing weirdness with mobs, he might take a pretty funny course.  Its good to
pull consistantly to the same spot if you want to use backing off pet as a tactic,
so you can learn where to position to maximize your chance of getting the pet away
clean.

I haven't noticed any real difference in range at which one pet or another will
listen to the attack command, charmed or summoned.  I suggest, however, that you
pull with a spell of your own, rather than sending the pet to attack.  If you pull
with a spell, then the mob will head for you, and you can send the pet when it
gets close... you'll have to adjust the timing if there's a real difference in
attack range, but in either case the mob won't be getting away, it will be headed
for you.  Since you'll most likely want to slow the targets anyway, and to do at
least a point of damage so as to get full experience, this shouldn't matter
much... unless you are farming greens, here a longer attack range on pets would be
a boon.

Charmed pets are worlds better than summoned pets in some ways; they tend to have
a lot more HP and do more damage per attack than summoned pets of the same level,
for example.  The down side is that you have to spend mana charming them and then
worry (until Dire Charm for some classes) about their breaking charm and coming at
you for revenge.  And for a shaman, the other down side is that you have pretty
low caps on the level of pets you can charm... so soon the "summoned pets of the
same level" part is going to kick you in the butt.  Oh, and charmed pets take a
significant portion of your experience, based on the damage they do.

But summoned pets are much more reliable, with the exception of a mob charming
them they will never turn on you, so you can happily buff them to the gills.  They
last practically forever if kept with a little care.  They won't take any
experience at all unless you let them do 100% of the damage... one level one nuke
or DOT or successful stab of a spear and all the experience is yours.

So why do I say they get better, if its not in the ways you were hoping for?
Well, they become better and better tanks.  Their damage output goes up faster
than yours does, their ability to take a beating goes up too (its never as good as
yours, mind you, but its a lot better than the level 34 pets)

Here's a strategy for you to consider; instead of playing Mage, getting your pet
on the mob and then moving out to max range to damage and harass the mob while the
pet does the work, work more like a beastlord or shadowknight; get in there and
tank with your pet as additional DPS, only let the pet take a beating if you are
having trouble landing spells.  Pull with slow so no matter which of you takes the
pounding its not tooo bad.  By level 49 I gave up actually hitting the attack
button but was still using this plan to solo mobs outside POP; I take the damage,
pet does the damage (along with my cast DOTs of course), and since I was on
horseback, I was getting full sitting mana regen even though I was right there
getting all the melee damage from the mob.  My mage abandoned this plan by tenth
level; no heal, terrible HP and AC, much better to let the pet do the tanking...
but shaman is a chain class with real heals, as well as Slow for the mobs, its an
entirely different thing.

Paax, 51 shaman, Morel-Thule





