From 649008679429367406
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,56d2beab7b0a9a7c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-08-08 04:38:31 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!newsfeed.earthlink.net!wn14feed!wn13feed!worldnet.att.net!216.166.71.14!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!border1.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F338B75.C4C3D8F5@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Rangers suck.
References: <vj6qcul2v1le1f@corp.supernews.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 112
Date: Fri, 08 Aug 2003 11:43:48 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.235.232
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1060343028 66.109.235.232 (Fri, 08 Aug 2003 07:43:48 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 08 Aug 2003 07:43:48 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:296142



Phillip Stout wrote:

> No, they do! I've been playing a Ranger since January and leveled him to 35,
> and I'm surprised at how much I suck. Can't take hits worth crap, easily
> outdamaged by most other melees, has the casting ability of a level 15
> druid, but, oh wait, I HAVE TRACK! Oh, yay, I can track stuff. Yipee.
>

OK, can't take hits, thats a ranger thing.  Monks and rogues also can't take
hits.  This is because they aren't sponge classes.  That said, if you have good
equipment and the "tank" class in your group doesn't, you -can- take hits up
into your 50s better than they can.  Its just with comperable equipment that
they'll tend to outperform you, and that getting the same AC and HP as they have
tends to require much more expensive equipment for you.  Still, getting hit
isn't your job anyway.

Easily outdamaged by other melee; now thats a mystery.  Do you mean that with
the same weapons, a paladin, shadowknight, or warrior is outdamaging you?  Or do
you mean that monks, rogues, and beastlords are doing so?  If the former, I
doubt it, but even if its true now, it eventually won't be, in the end you are
on a different combat table, and will outdamage them with equal weaponry.  Plus
just as they have access to better sponging gear than you do for the same price,
you have access to better weaponry which they can't weild, so to match the stats
of your gear they have to work a lot harder.  AND you'll have self only attack
buffs, played right you'll have the highest attack number in the game.  Monks
and rogues and beastlords are another story; they are your competition for "DPS"
class, and get similar types of advantages as you do; rogues backstab can be a
substantial advantage in DPS if mob positioning can be controlled, beastlords
have shaman like abilities that let them double as slower/haster if no shaman is
handy, and their pets can be a substantial boost, monks... I don't think you'll
have much to complain about comparing yourself with comperably equipped monks.

Casting ability of a level 15 druid.  Well now, thats saying a lot.  SOW is one
of the more useful spells in the game, allowing you to decide whether or not to
fight a mob, allowing you to run it around in circles till the group is ready or
its dead, allowing you to go and pull mobs from a distance without worrying that
it will catch up with you.  Snare means no more runners ever; runners kill
groups dead, and snarer is an important component of many group compositions.
Too, snare is a key component of fear kites, one of the most efficient ways to
kill mobs outdoors... plus you have a fear, so you can fear kite alone or in a
group of any composition if you like, as long as you pick your prey carefully.
Harmony means you can pull singles out of a group of mobs... and with sow and
snare and archery you are quite well equipped to do so. Admittedly in a group
with a druid you are outclassed by someone who can do all those things at least
as well as you can, if not better... just as a shaman outclasses that beastlord
in the spell casting department.  Eventually (maybe already) you start getting
useful ranger only spells, though, like the attack buffs which end up making you
one of the highest DPS classes in the game.

> Why is it every other hybrid has a super-cool innate ability? SKs get
> harmtouch and Paladins get lay of hands. Rangers get track. Track sucks.
> Well, maybe that's not true, it's helpful, but it's no harmtouch or LOH.
> Every other hybrid gets an ability that can help them during a combat
> situation. Why don't rangers?
>

Track is used constantly by good rangers.  Tells them what mobs are up, whats
happening around them, what the cons of various mobs are... plus it tells you
something a bit more subtle but perhaps more important... where your group is!
Pulling in a large free ranging outdoor area, track can be a massive help even
if you use it for nothing but telling you where your partner is.  Ranger track
is far and away better than druid or bard track, not only are they capped out at
low skill (100 for bards, 125 for druids) but they can't use any of the
tracksort commands, limited to whether or not to display locations of players in
the track column.  You can track by distance, eliminate con levels you don't
care about, basically manipulate the list to your liking depending on your
situation.  My bard uses his track skill a lot, and constantly bemoans the fact
that its nothing compared to ranger track.  My mage, shaman, cleric, enchanter
all wish they had even a watered down version of bard track, though... mark one
eyeball is a hard way to find mobs.

Compare this to those innate abilities you are complaining about.  Paladins get
LOH; once an hour or so they get to do a nice quick heal... similar to what the
cleric in your group is doing every 20 seconds or so.  Not that it isn't a life
saver, it can be... but its a stunt and not a very impressive one.
Shadowknights get Harm Touch; once an hour they get to do a nice nuke similar to
what the wizard in your group is doing every 20 seconds or so.  Not that it
doesn't let you kill a mob that otherwise was going to wipe the group, it
does... but its a stunt and not a very impressive one.  Key element to both
those is the "once an hour" part.  Delay before the ability is usable again
isn't quite that long actually, it just feels like it.  But because the
abilities take as long as they do to refresh, they tend to be held in reserve.
So they don't get used every time they cycle up as available again, instead you
may go an hour or two with them up without using them at all.  Paladins and
shadowknights get stunts, rangers get an ability that gets used constantly

>
> So I'm seriously considering retiring my Ranger, but I thought I'd come see
> what everybody thought about rangers. Do you like Rangers? Are they helpful?
> What are the pros and cons of being a ranger?

Ranger is a good class, providing the utility of a druid with the damage output
of a monk; if I'm in a group with a shaman/cleric healer and a sponge a ranger
or several rangers are very welcome.  With a druid as group healer rangers are
less desirable because the utility part of the class is already there... except
that druids aren't very good healers and having someone to take over the utility
duties will save some mana for that healing function.  THe only time I'll really
try not to take a ranger into a group is when the group has 5 members already
and no sponge... unless the ranger is very well equipped, he's going to be very
expensive in terms of healing mana to use as MA; I'd rather either get a real
sponge, or use a non standard killing style which doesn't involve contact with
the enemy.  Of course in the latter type of group the ranger may be useful after
all; he's got snare and is DPS for a kite...

I haven't even touched on archery, really, by the way, and thats because until
the high end of the game its not really a big deal

Bergh




