From 7561568465042371209
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: f8b8a,78ad9d45a5b01dcd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidf8b8a,public
X-Google-Thread: fb859,78ad9d45a5b01dcd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb859,public
X-Google-Thread: 10b8a7,78ad9d45a5b01dcd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid10b8a7,public
X-Google-Thread: f5de8,78ad9d45a5b01dcd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidf5de8,public
X-Google-Thread: 108625,78ad9d45a5b01dcd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid108625,public
X-Google-Thread: fc6cf,78ad9d45a5b01dcd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfc6cf,public
X-Google-Thread: fb739,78ad9d45a5b01dcd,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-02-02 20:56:04 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-xit-09!supernews.com!upp1.onvoy!onvoy.com!priapus.visi.com!news-out.visi.com!hermes.visi.com!news.alt.net!usenet
From: "Spock-A" <white_propheta@yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.auto.mercedes,alt.feminism,alt.games.diablo2,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.the-sims,alt.pagan,alt.religion.christian.last-days
Subject: THE SECRETS OF AUTISM
Date: Sun, 2 Feb 2003 20:55:37 -0800
Organization: Altopia Corp. - Usenet Access - http://www.altopia.com
Lines: 895
Message-ID: <b1ksoj$vvt$0@pita.alt.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.auto.mercedes:66226 alt.feminism:207400 alt.games.diablo2:162930 alt.games.everquest:262269 alt.games.the-sims:170309 alt.pagan:60483 alt.religion.christian.last-days:26882

Record: 19

Title:      THE SECRETS OF AUTISM. (cover story)

Subject(s): AUTISM -- United States; PHILOSOPHY of mind in

children; COMMUNICATIVE disorders; PERCEPTION

Source:     Time, 5/6/2002, Vol. 159 Issue 18, p46, 11p, 9c

Author(s):  Nash, J. Madeleine; Bonesteel, Amy

Abstract:   Focuses on the increased diagnosis of autism and

Asperger syndrome in the U.S. Mention of Chris and Pam Barrett in San Jose,
California, who have three autistic boys; Research into autistic disorders,
including that of child psychologist Andrew Meltzoff and the idea that
autistic people have difficulty in developing a theory of mind and reading
the subtle communication signals of others; Genetic roots and other factors
in autism; Signs of and misconceptions about autism.

INSET: GUIDE FOR PARENTS.

AN:   6566065

ISSN: 0040-781X

Full Text Word Count:   4434

Database:   Academic Search Elite

Section: Science

THE SECRETS OF AUTISM





Contents

AUTISM'S GENETIC ROOTS

A DIFFERENCE OF MIND

A MATTER OF MISCONNECTIONS



THE NUMBER OF CHILDREN DIAGNOSED WITH AUTISM AND ASPERGER'S IN THE U.S. IS
EXPLODING. WHY?



Tommy Barrett is a dreamy-eyed fifth-grader who lives with his parents, twin
brothers, two cats and a turtle in San Jose, Calif., the heart of Silicon
Valley. He's an honor-roll student who likes math and science and video
games. He's also a world-class expert on Animorph and Transformer toys.
"They're like cars and trains and animals that transform into robots or
humans--I love them!" he shouts exuberantly.



And that is sometimes a problem. For a time, in fact, Tommy's fascination
with his toys was so strong that when they weren't around he would pretend
to be the toys, transforming from a truck into a robot or morphing into a
kitten. He would do this in the mall, in the school playground and even in
the classroom. His teachers found this repetitive pantomime delightful but
disturbing, as did his mother Pam.



By that point, there were other worrisome signs. Pam Barrett recalls that as
a 3-year-old, Tommy was a fluent, even voluble talker, yet he could not seem
to grasp that conversation had reciprocal rules, and, curiously, he avoided
looking into other people's eyes. And although Tommy was obviously smart--he
had learned to read by the time he was 4--he was so fidgety and unfocused
that he was unable to participate in his kindergarten reading group.



When Tommy turned 8, his parents finally learned what was wrong. Their
bright little boy, a psychiatrist informed them, had a mild form of autism
known as Asperger syndrome. Despite the fact that children with Asperger's
often respond well to therapy, the Barretts, at that moment, found the news
almost unbearable.



That's because just two years earlier Pam and her husband Chris, operations
manager of a software-design company, had learned that Tommy's twin brothers
Jason and Danny were profoundly autistic. Seemingly normal at birth, the
twins learned to say a few words before they spiraled into their secret
world, quickly losing the abilities they had just started to gain. Instead
of playing with toys, they broke them; instead of speaking, they emitted an
eerie, high-pitched keening.



First Jason and Danny, now Tommy. Pam and Chris started to wonder about
their children's possible exposure to toxic substances. They started
scanning a lengthening roster of relatives, wondering how long autism had
shadowed their family.



The anguish endured by Pam and Chris Barrett is all too familiar to tens of
thousands of families across North America and other parts of the world.
With a seeming suddenness, cases of autism and closely related disorders
like Asperger's are exploding in number, and no one has a good explanation
for it. While many experts believe the increase is a by-product of a recent
broadening of diagnostic criteria, others are convinced that the surge is at
least in part real and thereby cause for grave concern.



In the Barretts' home state of California, for instance, the number of
autistic children seeking social services has more than quadrupled in the
past 15 years, from fewer than 4,000 in 1987 to nearly 18,000 today. So
common are cases of Asperger's in Silicon Valley, in fact, that Wired
magazine coined a cyber-age term for the disorder, referring to its striking
combination of intellectual ability and social cluelessness as the "geek
syndrome." Wired went on to make a provocative if anecdotal case that autism
and Asperger's were rising in Silicon Valley at a particularly alarming
rate--and asked whether "math-and-tech genes" might be to blame (see box).



Yet the rise in autism and Asperger's is hardly confined to high-tech
enclaves or to the children of computer programmers and software engineers.
It occurs in every job category and socioeconomic class and in every state.
"We're getting calls from school systems in rural Georgia," observes Sheila
Wagner, director of the Autism Resource Center at Atlanta's Emory
University. "People are saying, 'We never had any kids with autism before,
and now we have 10! What's going on?'"



It's a good question. Not long ago, autism was assumed to be comparatively
rare, affecting as few as 1 in 10,000 people. The latest studies, however,
suggest that as many as 1 in 150 kids age 10 and younger may be affected by
autism or a related disorder--a total of nearly 300,000 children in the U.S.
alone. If you include adults, according to the Autism Society of America,
more than a million people in the U.S. suffer from one of the autistic
disorders (also known as pervasive developmental disorders or PDDs). The
problem is five times as common as Down syndrome and three times as common
as juvenile diabetes.



No wonder parents are besieging the offices of psychologists and
psychiatrists in their search for remedies. No wonder school systems are
adding special aides to help teachers cope. And no wonder public and private
research institutions have launched collaborative initiatives aimed at
deciphering the complex biology that produces such a dazzling range of
disability.



In their urgent quest for answers, parents like the Barretts are provoking
what promises to be a scientific revolution. In response to the concerns
they are raising, money is finally flowing into autism research, a field
that five years ago appeared to be stuck in the stagnant backwaters of
neuroscience. Today dozens of scientists are racing to identify the genes
linked to autism. Just last month, in a series of articles published by
Molecular Psychiatry, scientists from the U.S., Britain, Italy and France
reported that they are beginning to make significant progress.



Meanwhile, research teams are scrambling to create animal models for autism
in the form of mutant mice. They are beginning to examine environmental
factors that might contribute to the development of autism and using
advanced brain-imaging technology to probe the deep interior of autistic
minds. In the process, scientists are gaining rich new insights into this
baffling spectrum of disorders and are beginning to float intriguing new
hypotheses about why people affected by it develop minds that are strangely
different from our own and yet, in some important respects, hauntingly
similar.





AUTISM'S GENETIC ROOTS





Autism was first described in 1943 by Johns Hopkins psychiatrist Leo Kanner,
and again in 1944 by Austrian pediatrician Hans Asperger. Kanner applied the
term to children who were socially withdrawn and preoccupied with routine,
who struggled to acquire spoken language yet often possessed intellectual
gifts that ruled out a diagnosis of mental retardation. Asperger applied the
term to children who were socially maladroit, developed bizarre obsessions
and yet were highly verbal and seemingly quite bright. There was a striking
tendency, Asperger noted, for the disorder to run in families, sometimes
passing directly from father to son. Clues that genes might be central to
autism appeared in Kanner's work as well.



But then autism research took a badly wrong turn. Asperger's keen insights
languished in Europe's postwar turmoil, and Kanner's were overrun by the
Freudian juggernaut. Children were not born autistic, experts insisted, but
became that way because their parents, especially mothers, were cold and
unnurturing.



In 1981, however, British psychiatrist Dr. Lorna Wing published an
influential paper that revived interest in Asperger's work. The disorder
Asperger identified, Wing observed, appeared in many ways to be a variant of
Kanner's autism, so that the commonalities seemed as important as the
differences. As a result, researchers now believe that Asperger and Kanner
were describing two faces of a highly complicated and variable disorder, one
that has its source in the kaleidoscope of traits encoded in the human
genome. Researchers also recognize that severe autism is not always
accompanied by compensatory intellectual gifts and is, in fact, far likelier
to be characterized by heartbreaking deficits and mental retardation.



Perhaps the most provocative finding scientists have made to date is that
the components of autism, far more than autism itself, tend to run in
families. Thus even though profoundly autistic people rarely have children,
researchers often find that a close relative is affected by some aspect of
the disorder. A sister may engage in odd repetitive behavior or be
excessively shy; a brother may have difficulties with language or be
socially inept to a noticeable degree. In similar fashion, if one identical
twin has autism, there is a 60% chance that the other will too and a better
than 75% chance that the twin without autism will exhibit one or more
autistic traits.



How many genes contribute to susceptibility to autism? Present estimates run
from as few as three to more than 20. Coming under intensifying scrutiny, as
the papers published by Molecular Psychiatry indicate, are genes that
regulate the action of three powerful neurotransmitters: glutamate, which is
intimately involved in learning and memory, and serotonin and
gamma-aminobutiric acid (GABA), which have been implicated in
obsessive-compulsive behavior, anxiety and depression.



Those genes hardly exhaust the list of possibilities. Among the suspects are
virtually all the genes that control brain development and perhaps
cholesterol and immune-system function as well. Christopher Stodgell, a
developmental toxicologist at New York's University of Rochester, observes
that the process that sets up the brain resembles an amazingly intricate
musical score, and there are tens of thousands of genes in the orchestra. If
these genes do what they're supposed to do, says Stodgell, "then you have a
Mozart's Concerto for Clarinet. If not, you have cacophony."





A DIFFERENCE OF MIND





Autistic people often suffer from a bewildering array of problems--sensory
disturbances, food allergies, gastrointestinal problems, depression,
obsessive compulsiveness, subclinical epilepsy, attention-deficit
hyperactivity disorder. But there is, researchers believe, a central defect,
and that is the difficulty people across the autistic spectrum have in
developing a theory of mind. That's psychologese for the realization, which
most children come to by the age of 4, that other people have thoughts,
wishes and desires that are not mirror images of their own. As University of
Washington child psychologist Andrew Meltzoff sees it, the developmental
stage known as the terrible twos occurs because children--normal children,
anyway--make the hypothesis that their parents have independent minds and
then, like proper scientists, set out to test it.



Children on the autistic spectrum, however, are "mind blind"; they appear to
think that what is in their mind is identical to what is in everyone else's
mind and that how they feel is how everyone else feels. The notion that
other people--parents, playmates, teachers--may take a different view of
things, that they may harbor concealed motives or duplicitous thoughts, does
not readily occur. "It took the longest time for Tommy to tell a lie,"
recalls Pam Barrett, and when he finally did, she inwardly cheered.



Meltzoff believes that this lack can be traced to the problem that autistic
children have in imitating the adults in their lives. If an adult sits down
with a normal 18-month-old and engages in some interesting
behavior--pounding a pair of blocks on the floor, perhaps, or making
faces--the child usually responds by doing the same. Young children with
autism, however, do not, as Meltzoff and his colleague Geraldine Dawson have
shown in a series of playroom experiments.



The consequences of this failure can be serious. In the early years of life,
imitation is one of a child's most powerful tools for learning. It is
through imitation that children learn to mouth their first words and master
the rich nonverbal language of body posture and facial expression. In this
way, Meltzoff says, children learn that drooping shoulders equal sadness or
physical exhaustion and that twinkling eyes mean happiness or perhaps
mischievousness.



For autistic people--even high-functioning autistic people--the ability to
read the internal state of another person comes only after long struggle,
and even then most of them fail to detect the subtle signals that normal
individuals unconsciously broadcast. "I had no idea that other people
communicated through subtle eye movements," says autistic engineer Temple
Grandin, "until I read it in a magazine five years ago" (see box).



At the same time, it is incorrect to say autistic people are cold and
indifferent to those around them or, as conventional wisdom once had it,
lack the high-level trait known as empathy. Last December, when Pam Barrett
felt overwhelmed and dissolved into tears, it was Danny, the most deeply
autistic of her children, who rushed to her side and rocked her back and
forth in his arms.



Another misperception about people with autism, says Karen Pierce, a
neuroscientist at the University of California at San Diego, is the notion
that they do not register faces of loved ones as special--that, in the words
of a prominent brain expert, they view their own mother's face as the
equivalent of a paper cup. Quite the contrary, says Pierce, who has results
from a neuroimaging study to back up her contention. Moreover, the center of
activity in the autistic mind, she reported at a conference held in San
Diego last November, turns out to be the fusiform gyrus, an area of the
brain that in normal people specializes in the recognition of human faces.



In a neuroimaging study, Pierce observed, the fusiform gyrus in autistic
people did not react when they were presented with photographs of strangers,
but when photographs of parents were substituted, the area lit up like an
explosion of Roman candles. Furthermore, this burst of activity was not
confined to the fusiform gyrus but, as in normal subjects, extended into
areas of the brain that respond to emotionally loaded events. To Pierce,
this suggests that as babies, autistic people are able to form strong
emotional attachments, so their social aloofness later on appears to be the
consequence of a brain disorganization that worsens as development
continues.



In so many ways, study after study has found, autistic people do not parse
information as others do. University of Illinois psychologist John Sweeney,
for example, has found that activity in the prefrontal and parietal cortex
is far below normal in autistic adults asked to perform a simple task
involving spatial memory. These areas of the brain, he notes, are essential
to planning and problem solving, and among their jobs is keeping a
dynamically changing spatial map in a cache of working memory. As Sweeney
sees it, the poor performance of his autistic subjects of the task he set
for them--keeping tabs on the location of a blinking light--suggests that
they may have trouble updating that cache or accessing it in real time.



To Sweeney's collaborator, University of Pittsburgh neurologist Dr. Nancy
Minshew, the images Sweeney has produced of autistic minds in action are
endlessly evocative. They suggest that essential connections between key
areas of the brain either were never made or do not function at an optimal
level. "When you look at these images, you can see what's not there," she
says, conjuring up an experience eerily akin to looking at side-by-side
photographs of Manhattan with and without the Twin Towers.





A MATTER OF MISCONNECTIONS





Does autism start as a glitch in one area of the brain--the brainstem,
perhaps--and then radiate out to affect others? Or is it a widespread
problem that becomes more pronounced as the brain is called upon to set up
and utilize increasingly complex circuitry? Either scenario is plausible,
and experts disagree as to which is more probable. But one thing is clear:
very early on, children with autism have brains that are anatomically
different on both microscopic and macroscopic scales.



For example, Dr. Margaret Bauman, a pediatric neurologist at Harvard Medical
School, has examined postmortem tissue from the brains of nearly 30 autistic
individuals who died between the ages of 5 and 74. Among other things, she
has found striking abnormalities in the limbic system, an area that includes
the amygdala (the brain's primitive emotional

center) and the hippocampus (a seahorse-shaped structure critical to
memory). The cells in the limbic system of autistic individuals, Bauman's
work shows, are atypically small and tightly packed together, compared with
the cells in the limbic system of their normal counterparts. They look
unusually immature, comments University of Chicago psychiatrist Dr. Edwin
Cook, "as if waiting for a signal to grow up."



An intriguing abnormality has also been found in the cerebellum of both
autistic children and adults. An important class of cells known as Purkinje
cells (after the Czech physiologist who discovered them) is far smaller in
number. And this, believes neuroscientist Eric Courchesne, of the University
of California at San Diego, offers a critical clue to what goes so badly
awry in autism. The cerebellum, he notes, is one of the brain's busiest
computational centers, and the Purkinje cells are critical elements in its
data-integration system. Without these cells, the cerebellum is unable to do
its job, which is to receive torrents of information about the outside
world, compute their meaning and prepare other areas of the brain to respond
appropriately.



Several months ago, Courchesne unveiled results from a brain-imaging study
that led him to propose a provocative new hypothesis. At birth, he notes,
the brain of an autistic child is normal in size. But by the time these
children reach 2 to 3 years of age, their brains are much larger than
normal. This abnormal growth is not uniformly distributed. Using MRI-imaging
technology, Courchesne and his colleagues were able to identify two types of
tissue where this mushrooming in size is most pronounced.



These are the neuron-packed gray matter of the cerebral cortex and white
matter, which contains the fibrous connections projecting to and from the
cerebral cortex and other areas of the brain, including the cerebellum.
Perhaps, Courchesne speculates, it is the signal overload caused by this
proliferation of connections that injures the Purkinje cells and ultimately
kills them. "So now," says Courchesne, "a very interesting question is,
What's driving this abnormal brain growth? If we could understand that, then
we might be able to slow or stop it."



A proliferation of connections between billions of neurons occurs in all
children, of course. A child's brain, unlike a computer, does not come into
the world with its circuitry hard-wired. It must set up its circuits in
response to a sequence of experiences and then solder them together through
repeated neurological activity. So if Courchesne is right, what leads to
autism may be an otherwise normal process that switches on too early or too
strongly and shuts off too late--and that process would be controlled by
genes.



Currently Courchesne and his colleagues are looking very closely at specific
genes that might be involved. Of particular interest are the genes encoding
four brain-growth regulators that have been found in newborns who go on to
develop mental retardation or autism. Among these compounds, as National
Institutes of Health researcher Dr. Karin Nelson and her colleagues reported
last year, is a potent molecule known as vasoactive intestinal peptide. VIP
plays a role not only in brain development but in the immune system and
gastrointestinal tract as well, a hint that other disorders that so
frequently accompany autism may not be coincidental.



The idea that there might be early biomarkers for autism has intrigued many
researchers, and the reason is simple. If one could identify infants at high
risk, then it might become possible to monitor the neurological changes that
presage the onset of behavioral symptoms, and someday perhaps even intervene
in the process. "Right now," notes Michael Merzenich, a neuroscientist at
the University of California, San Francisco, "we study autism after the
catastrophe occurs, and then we see this bewildering array of things that
these kids can't do. What we need to know is how it all happened."



The genes that set the stage for autistic disorders could derail developing
brains in a number of ways. They could encode harmful mutations like those
responsible for single-gene disorders--cystic fibrosis, for instance, or
Huntington's disease. They could equally well be garden-variety variants of
normal genes that cause problems only when they combine with certain other
genes. Or they could be genes that set up vulnerabilities to any number of
stresses encountered by a child.



A popular but still unsubstantiated theory blames autism on the MMR
(measles, mumps and rubella) vaccine, which is typically given to children
at around 15 months (see box). But there are many other conceivable
culprits. Researchers at the University of California at Davis have just
launched a major epidemiological study that will test the tissues of both
autistic and nonautistic children for residues of not only mercury but also
PCBs, benzene and other heavy metals. The premise is that some children may
be genetically more susceptible than others to damage by these agents, and
so the study will also measure a number of other genetic variables, like how
well these children metabolize cholesterol and other lipids.



Drugs taken by some pregnant women are also coming under scrutiny. At the
University of Rochester, embryologist Patricia Rodier and her colleagues are
exploring how certain teratogens (substances that cause birth defects) could
lead to autism. They are focusing on the teratogens' impact on a gene called
hoxa1, which is supposed to flick on very briefly in the first trimester of
pregnancy and remain silent ever after. Embryonic mice in which the rodent
equivalent of this gene has been knocked out go on to develop brainstems
that are missing an entire layer of cells.



In the end, it is not merely possible but likely that scientists will
discover multiple routes--some rare, some common; some purely genetic, some
not--that lead to similar end points. And when they do, new ideas for how to
prevent or correct autism may quickly materialize. A decade from now, there
will almost certainly be more effective forms of therapeutic intervention,
perhaps even antiautism drugs. "Genes," as the University of Chicago's Cook
observes, "give you targets, and we're pretty good at designing drugs if we
know the targets."



Paradoxically, the very thing that is so terrible about autistic
disorders--that they affect the very young--also suggests reason for hope.
Since the neural connections of a child's brain are established through
experience, well-targeted mental exercises have the potential to make a
difference. One of the big unanswered questions, in fact, is why 25% of
children with seemingly full-blown autism benefit enormously from intensive
speech- and social-skills therapy--and why the other 75% do not. Is it
because the brains of the latter are irreversibly damaged, wonders Geraldine
Dawson, director of the University of Washington's autism center, or is it
because the fundamental problem is not being adequately addressed?



The more scientists ponder such questions, the more it seems they are
holding pieces of a puzzle that resemble the interlocking segments of Tommy
Barrett's Transformer toys. Put the pieces together one way, and you end up
with a normal child. Put them together another way, and you end up with a
child with autism. And as one watches Tommy's fingers rhythmically turning a
train into a robot, a robot into a train, an unbidden thought occurs. Could
it be that some dexterous sleight of hand could coax even profoundly
autistic brains back on track? Could it be that some kid who's mesmerized by
the process of transformation will mature into a scientist who figures out
the trick?



PHOTO (COLOR): TOMMY BARRETT: Likes science, math and Animorphs. Suffers
from Asperger's



PHOTO (COLOR): CONNECTING: Tommy shares quiet time with Pam. The idea that
autistic kids can never give or accept affection is a myth



PHOTO (COLOR): WIPED OUT: Even the most devoted parents sometimes need a
break



PHOTO (COLOR): FAMILY AFFLICTION Tommy's twin brothers Jason and Danny are
profoundly autistic



PHOTO (COLOR): COMMUNICATION Jason can't talk but gets his point across



PHOTO (COLOR)



PHOTO (COLOR)



PHOTO (COLOR)



PHOTO (COLOR)



~~~~~~~~



By J. Madeleine Nash



With reporting by Amy Bonesteel, Atlanta





GUIDE FOR PARENTS





How do you tell if your child is autistic? And what should you do if he or
she is? WHAT TO LOOK FOR





SIGNS OF AUTISM





(Usually apparent in toddlers; watch for a cluster of symptoms)



 No pointing by 1 year



 No babbling by 1 year; no single words by 16 months; no two-word phrases by
24 months



 Any loss of language skills at any time



 No pretend playing



 Little interest in making friends



 Extremely short attention span



 No response when called by name; indifference to others



 Little or no eye contact



 Repetitive body movements, such as hand flapping, rocking



 Intense tantrums



 Fixations on a single object, such as a spinning fan



 Unusually strong resistance to changes in routines



 Oversensitivity to certain sounds, textures or smells





SIGNS OF ASPERGER'S





(Usually diagnosed at age 6 or older)



 Difficulty making friends



 Difficulty reading or communicating through nonverbal social cues, such as
facial expressions



 No understanding that others may have thoughts or feelings different from
his or her own



 Obsessive focus on a narrow interest, such as reciting train schedules



 Awkward motor skills



 Inflexibility about routines, especially when changes occur spontaneously



 Mechanical, almost robotic patterns of speech (Even "normal" children
exhibit some of these behaviors from time to time. The symptoms of autism
and Asperger's, by contrast, are persistent and debilitating.)





Snapshots from the Autistic Brain





Neuroimaging studies confirm what scientists long suspected: autistic brains
don't react to facial cues the way normal brains do. But in one regard the
conventional wisdom was wrong. In a breakthrough study, Karen Pierce at the
University of California at San Diego has shown that when faces of strangers
are replaced by faces of loved ones, the autistic brain lights up like an
explosion of Roman candles.





WHERE TO START





 GET AN EVALUATION: Take your child to a developmental pediatrician with
expertise in autism or Asperger syndrome. The pediatrician will evaluate
your child with a team of specialists (speech therapists, occupational
therapists, behavior therapists) to determine the areas in which your child
needs help.



 EARLY INTERVENTION: Every state is mandated to provide a free evaluation
and early-intervention services for children. To find out whom to contact in
your state, consult the National Information Center for Children and Youth
with Disabilities (funded by the Department of

Education) at 800-695-0285 or nichcy.org/index.html. Ask about support
groups in your area.





HOW TO TREAT IT





There is no cure for autism, but there are many treatments that can make a
difference:



 SPEECH THERAPY: Can help overcome communication and language barriers



 OCCUPATIONAL THERAPY: Helps with sensory integration and motor skills



 BEHAVIORAL THERAPY: Improves cognitive skills and reduces inappropriate
behavior



 EDUCATIONAL THERAPY: A highly structured approach works best



 MEDICATION: Can reduce some symptoms



 SPECIAL DIETS: Eliminating certain food groups, such as dairy, helps some
children





HELPFUL WEBSITES





ONLINE ASPERGER SYNDROME INFORMATION AND SUPPORT www.aspergersyndrome.org
<http://www.aspergersyndrome.org>



AUTISM SOCIETY OF AMERICA autism-society.org



FAMILIES FOR EARLY AUTISM TREATMENT www.feat.org <http://www.feat.org>



AUTISM RESOURCES autism-info.com



YALE CHILD STUDY CENTER info.med.yale.edu/chldstdy/autism



Network: Other parents can be great sources in finding the right treatments



PHOTO (BLACK & WHITE): REACTING TO FACES OF STRANGERS...



PHOTO (BLACK & WHITE): ...AND FACES OF LOVED ONES



PHOTO (BLACK & WHITE)



PHOTO (BLACK & WHITE)



PHOTO (BLACK & WHITE)



PHOTO (BLACK & WHITE)



PHOTO (COLOR)



PHOTO (COLOR)



PHOTO (COLOR)



PHOTO (COLOR)



  _____



Copyright of Time is the property of Time Inc. and its content may not be
copied or emailed to multiple sites or posted to a listserv without the
copyright holder's express written permission. However, users may print,
download, or email articles for individual use.

Source: Time, 5/6/2002, Vol. 159 Issue 18, p46, 11p

Item: 6566065






