From -7225478954221622338
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,20a20132abaf6b4a
X-Google-Thread: fb739,20a20132abaf6b4a
X-Google-Attributes: gid100ff8,gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-10!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: The Smedster Responds
Date: Tue, 19 Oct 2004 18:49:05 -0700
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10nbgr26rnarpc5@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <q08bn05v4aislcu9s3a3l0eu7ui5oa1e5j@4ax.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 152
Xref: g2news1.google.com comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:19756 alt.games.everquest:19867


"Ben Sisson" <ilkhanikeDIESPAM@yahoo.ca> wrote in message 
news:q08bn05v4aislcu9s3a3l0eu7ui5oa1e5j@4ax.com...

> "1) Lag - the team is hard at work addressing the lag

As hard as this may be to believe by people just now joining the game, the 
lag situation has improved *dramatically* recently. Dick Correa referred to 
Antonica as "Lagtonica" and he didn't make that up, it's a common joke. 
Honestly, the lag at times has been as bad as anything we saw in UO Beta 
(and you *know* how bad that was). Part of my sense here may be due to the 
problems the game has with my 6800 Ultra, but all those joking about 
Lagtonica aren't 6800 Ultra users.

The one "solution" people keep asking for is to divide Antonica into 
instances, and I think this would be a huge mistake. It's a very large zone 
now and I like that, I don't want more compartments to zone through. No, 
they simply have to keep doing what they're doing, which seems to be 
working. Every patch every week is better than the last. As long as this 
continues they'll get there.

> "2) Class Diversity - One of the things about EQ II that everyone
> should realize is that it is NOT EverQuest Live... nor is it intended
> to be."
>
> (Man it could be a third person shooter in space and people would
> still think its like EQLive. Not a winnable battle, Smed!)

LOL it's true.

> chests were just added for example). The team is working around the
> clock adding content and is this is really the fun part for them..
> getting to make new and unique skills and abilities AND ways to use
> those in the game."
>
> (Makes it sound like its nowhere close to release, doesn't it? If EQ2
> goes gold in a month and they're still working on this, then look out
> Nelly....)

Except that I know what he means. There's a difference between whimsically 
creating new content near the end and rolling in developed subsystems per 
schedule. Most of the new features we're seeing recently (e.g., brokers and 
vendors) have been part of the vision for some time and have been worked on 
by independent teams who've done limited integration testing on internal 
beta servers to ensure first level compatibility and completeness. When they 
get past that stage they then roll them into beta releases where we can test 
them with a lot more to throw at them.

The idealized system where a product is feature complete at some fixed point 
in time and then gets tested for feedback from beta testers just does not 
exist in the MMOG world, guys. As much as a part of me would like to see it 
done that way, I'm not sure we'll ever see that from a major commercial 
MMOG. Wow isn't like that and Vanguard won't be that, either. And I'm not 
sure it's a good thing because it limits flexibilty and promotes stale 
releases. A better solution is to build an infrastructure that can easily 
support incremental additions on the fly.

This one doesn't worry me so much, probably because I'm a fan of incremental 
development and agile methodologies that provide a good infrastructure for 
incremental development, as opposed to the monolithic "one big design" 
approach that is the hallmark of prior generations of software development. 
If the systems are managed properly, this shouldn't be a problem.

> "4) State of the infrastructure - we have 4 Beta servers currently
> accessable to the public - a total of 22 are up and running, but most
> are not viewable by the beta testers for now (this will be changing
> shortly)."
>
> (Sounds like a massive increase in the number of betatesters, doesn't
> it.)

Yeah, Lagtonica here we come!

This reminds me. Every single MMOG developer I've ever watched has had the 
same *EXACT* comments to make about lag. From UO to AO to AC to EQ, to SWG 
you name it. They will tell you "We are not experiencing server side lag, 
our tests confirm that things are operating within spec. You may have an ISP 
issue or a local framerate issue with your videocard ..." and so on. I have 
one word for this: BULLSHIT!

I don't care what kind of numbers or tests they have confirming that "there 
is no server side lag". Maybe, just maybe, this is because they are testing 
their systems using machines that are kind of close to the servers, eh? The 
one constant data point that I can point to reliably over the years that 
continues to be true today, is that no matter how bad the performance is 
during peak hours of 6-10pm, sure enough at 3am I'm flying around Antonica 
on my griffin, happy as a pig in shit, lag-free and sharing comments in /ooc 
about just how wonderful the zone feels when there are only 35 people in it. 
This tells me that there is a problem that is directly related to how many 
players are playing at once. You can say it's not lag, but it sure as hell 
isn't a local framerate or ISP issue. It's your networking code, dummie.

> (I don't know wtf this is talking about. Obviously not something
> addressed in Bob's writeups!

How interesting can it be, then? :P Seriously, the guild tools do sound 
pretty good and although I don't usually track this kind of thing, it really 
should get more coverage because one of the most important elements of a 
successful MMOG is the ease with which a sense of community can be built and 
maintained. SWG absolutely suffered from this by virtue of two braindead 
design and implementation decisions (no guilds could be created until 
someone achieved the rank of MASTER ARCHITECT, and none of the guild chat 
channels worked at release and for some time after that). A large part of 
the success of EQ derives from its community infrastructure and they've done 
a pretty good job of bringing over some of the most important elements to 
EQ2. These guild support features are a good example of this, as is the very 
robust chat channel support.

> (Other people have also mentioned that the EQ2 patch notes are just
> jampacked with things. But it still doesn't sound like its anywhere
> near being ready for release.)

It's not ready now imo but there's another 4 or 5 patches to go before 
release and each one moves us down the road closer to release. Seriously, 
the patch notes run many pages long, they are that voluminous. True, much of 
that volume is new sounds and voiceovers added, but that's part of the 
immersiveness and part of the overall improvement, so it's all good and 
there's a ton of new quest updates and other substantive improvements in 
every patch.

Political pollsters like to say that they can give you any result you want 
as long as they can frame the questions. If you were to take a poll today 
and ask everyone participating in the beta the following questions, here's 
how they'd come out:

"Is EverQuest II ready to be released today"?

2%    Yes  (<----- lol)
60%  No
38%    What, are you stupid or kidding or what?

If, on the other hand, you were to ask the following question:

"Describe your most likely reaction if you were not able to log in and play 
tonight"

2%   Wouldn't care
98% WTF?!#$#@?? why are the servers down, who is responsible for this 
bullshit? Anyone have an ETA??


-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Dwarven Mystic and Sage
Citizen of Qeynos

Elder Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie





