From -4182568210650933994
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9e95e495803ef63e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-05-08 11:35:36 PST
Path: newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.onemain.com!feed1.onemain.com!nntp3.onemain.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3AF838DD.901A7256@success.net>
From: Lance <emporer@success.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Necromancer (Spell resist, hunting & items)
References: <3af7f9c8@pfaff.ethz.ch>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 94
Date: Tue, 08 May 2001 14:20:13 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.41.22.106
X-Complaints-To: abuse@onemain.com
X-Trace: nntp3.onemain.com 989346101 64.41.22.106 (Tue, 08 May 2001 14:21:41 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 08 May 2001 14:21:41 EDT
Xref: newsfeed.google.com alt.games.everquest:74515



Philippe Steindl wrote:

> 1)  How do resists work? Do mobs of a level higher than you resist very often?
>     I find that everything higher up in the Field of Bone Pit in Kurnak resist
>     my spells very often. Is this just related to my low level (7) or do
>     they in general resist if higher than you? Is it my ability in the
>     spells group (Divination etc). That would mean that all mobs you hunt in
>     groups constantly resist, as they tend to be red's.
>

Yep, mobs of higher level tend to resist your spells more often.  At low
levels, this can be a pain, since as you say a group will be going after
reds.  As you level up, groups will be going after yellows, then whites,
then blues.

At levels under 5, you should solo.  5 to 8 or nine, get a partner, not
a full group.  Higher than this, try to get an enchanter in any group
you form: their Tash line of spells has a high tendency to "stick" (few
mobs have good poison resist) and will lower resistance to all your
spells.  Failing this, look at killing more lower level mobs rather than
a few higher level ones... the loot won't be as good but your experience
will flow faster and more steadily, and you'll not have the annoying
resist problems.

Groups that do well against red mobs at higher levels are ones that
are well organized, and either have good MR Debuff (Tash line,
Malaise Line) available, or don't rely on spell casting to do damage:
the tank/healer combinations work because all spells will be cast
on group mates, who won't resist, while melee's are capable of
doing significant damage to mobs who are almost impossible to
cast spells on.

A now gone, but lamented, mob was the RyGorr Oracle near the
Eastern Wastes bridge; My then low 40s cleric happily took this
45 to 50 level mob down repeatedly with the help of warriors as
low level as 28, who still had no real trouble hitting. As long as
they stayed buffed up and had a constant feed of healing, they were
quite capable of doing the necesssary damage even when the target
was red to -me-!

>
> 2) Can somebody provide an *accurate* list of what to hunt in Kurnak at
>    any given level? Not 'windmill' or 'fort', but 'Xyz Skeletons in Barfoo'
>    and 'Teletubbies in Lower Babysphere' etc - you get it. I'm just a
>    lazy powerleveller cause I want to get up and then wander the world.
>

I"m too lazy to give this to you, but I've seen a "bestiary" at EQatlas which
lists mobs by level.  This is just a rule of thumb, of course, as you'll find
one mob easy prey at yellow while another may give you a difficult time
at blue... it depends on the specific vulnerabilities and strengths of both
your class/party and the mob.  I doubt you'll find a really detailed list
of specifically necro targets, althought you could try EQCastersrealm
for the class strategy guides.

>
> 3) Any suggestions on what items to get? Maybe more the available ones
>    instead of hyped superultratotal rare things. For once I'd like
>    a black flowing robe for looks :) I know .. Najana in Najana.

What kind of money do you have to blow?  Raw silk will help you
live long enough to get into your teens, where no amount
of armor will help.  Also at your low level, Mana items and HP
items are helpful, as would be a decent weapon.  As you level up
past your teens, though, Mana items should be replaced by INT
items until you get your INT up to 200, after which its back to
Mana items (since each INT will now get you just one mana anyway)
and weaponry will become irrelevant; get hand held INT and Saves
items instead.

Also, at low levels, get the highest damage rusty weapons you can
lay your hands on, chain cast your pet spell till you get the highest
level one you are capable of, and hand him the weapon.  Delay
is ignored by pets, but damage is calculated from either the natural
damage of the pet, or from that of the weapon, whichever is better.
I'm unsure of the numbers for a necro, but for a mage, Rusty
two handed swords and Halberds are a big boost up till you hit 12th level.
Remember that you have a perhaps significant investment, though
(untwinked, 5gp may still mean real money to you for a while yet) and
make more effort than usual to protect your pet, even if it means
backing him off out of the fight and taking some hits yourself.  Also,
speaking from experience, don't get cocky and, looking at your massive
20 damage a round and assume you can take down things of a much
higher level than you could before... you can do the damage, but
you can't take the damage that mob can dish out!  Try grouping with
a warrior/ranger/paladin and tell your pet /pet no taunt, let the
tank take the beating while your pet chews the mob up!

Bergh
36 cleric, Morel Thule
former 28 mage on a server I've forgotten the name of



