From -6589486167739720225
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8e71a11d0b95763e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-26 12:24:23 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!paloalto-snf1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!news.compaq.com!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!bnewspeer01.bru.ops.eu.uu.net!emea.uu.net!news.hccnet.nl!not-for-mail
From: "R. Hoogenboom" <r.hoogenboom@hccnet.nl>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Gay Ass PL Guide
Date: Tue, 26 Nov 2002 21:17:26 +0100
Organization: Hobby Computer Club News Network
Lines: 1404
Message-ID: <as0kt4$5br$1@news.hccnet.nl>
References: <0yME9.145661$1O2.10507@sccrnsc04> <7cf28864.0211261145.58ae5413@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: fia78-121.dsl.hccnet.nl
X-Trace: news.hccnet.nl 1038341862 5499 62.251.121.78 (26 Nov 2002 20:17:42 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: abuse@hccnet.nl
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 26 Nov 2002 20:17:42 +0000 (UTC)
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:248833


"fooboy" <you_will_not_evade_me_spammer@yahoo.com> wrote in message
news:7cf28864.0211261145.58ae5413@posting.google.com...
> "Informature" <war_of_da_worlds_2000@yahoo.com> wrote in message
news:<0yME9.145661$1O2.10507@sccrnsc04>...
> > Look at this crappy ass PL guide I found
> >
> >
> > Powerleveling Walk-Through Guide
> >
> <SNIP>
>
>
> How much did you pay for it?

He found it. Like this one:

EVERQUEST INFINITE PLATINUM GUIDE

METHOD ONE - For Low Levels

The following method describes how you can make from 50-75 platinum per hour
in

EverQuest. I am going to guide you through this process step-by-step. When
you are

finished, you will essentially have an EverQuest "money press", your own EQ
ATM to

make platinum withdrawals from any time you want!!! This method can be used
by

anyone and involves a simple trade skill. You will be buying all of your
supplies from

merchants, and selling everything back to the same merchants. Any character
can be

used, though charisma and wisdom effect your plat earning potential. Wisdom
effects

your failure rate in any trade skill, and charisma effects how much you can
buy and sell

for. This will be discussed in detail below.

The first decision that needs to be made is: are you going to use an
existing character

for making plat, or create a new one? This will largely depend on the
characters you

already have. Whatever character you use, the character needs to be able to
get their

charisma to 135 without spending too much platinum. Charisma requirements
will be

LOWER for characters that have good faction with the merchants involved in
this

method. The 135 charisma requirement assumes "apprehensive" faction. The

charisma requirement will likely be considerably less with "indifferent" or
better faction

with the merchants you'll be buying and selling with. Here are the charisma
items with

the most "bang for the buck":

. Crude Stein: 15 charisma, about 30 plat or so depending on server

. Cat Eye Bracelet: 7 charisma, should be 22 plat (double cost to make)

With a Crude Stein and two Cat Eye Bracelets, you will be able to raise your
charisma

by 29 points for only 74 plat. Here are some other items that are more
expensive:

. Silver Star Ruby Veil: 5 charisma, 5 dexterity, 135 plat (double cost to
make)

. Platinum Star Ruby Veil: 9 charisma, 9 dexterity, 350 plat (double cost to
make)

. Electrum Star Ruby Ring: 7 Charisma, 5 dexterity, 140 plat (double cost to
make)

If one were to buy all of these, they could raise their charisma an
additional 19-23

points. However, this comes at an expense of 415-630 plat. I would not spend
this;

instead, I would create a new character designed for the express purpose of
making

platinum. I suggest reading through this entire guide at least once before
making this

decision however.

If you decide to create a new character for the express purpose of making
platinum, a

High Elf Enchanter is without a doubt the only choice. Placing all points
into charisma,

the High Elf Enchanter begins with a base charisma of 115. This is enough by
itself to

make good money with this method. And, all you need is a Crude Stein and one
Cat

Eye Bracelet to raise your charisma to 137, which will give you the best
prices you can

get when buying from and selling to merchants. These two items are only
around 50

plat total, and you can buy them after you've already made 50 plat from the
method!

Another reason I would STRONGLY recommend a High Elf Enchanter is that they
start

with a base wisdom of 95. Putting your remaining 5 points into wisdom nets
you 100.

Wisdom dramatically affects failure rates, and therefore your plat earning
potential. I

tried this with both a human character with 85 wisdom, and a High Elf
Enchanter with

100 wisdom, and it cost far less to do it with the High Elf Enchanter, and I
made a lot

more plat as well once I was finished. Whatever character you decide to use,
it should

be one that can get their charisma up to 135 and wisdom up to 100 with
minimal

expense. High Elf Enchanters fit the bill perfectly.

Now, I am going to guide you step-by-step through this procedure. I am
writing it

assuming that you are starting from scratch with a High Elf Enchanter. If
you decide to

use an already existing character with high charisma, you can simply skip
over the parts

referencing the new character. It is also written with the new player in
mind, so

experienced players may be able to skim over parts. Still, I recommend
everyone read

this entire method at least once before beginning. It would be a shame to
make a

costly, time consuming mistake that could have been avoided by reading this
guide

thoroughly. Let's begin!

1) Create a High Elf Enchanter, and put ALL of your points into charisma.
There will be

5 points left over. Put these into Wisdom, as this will help too. The need
for

wisdom will be explained in detail later. NOTE: If you plan on using this
enchanter

as a "real" character, I would put all of your points into intelligence
instead, and the

remaining 5 into charisma. I have researched this subject, and the general

consensus is that intelligence is much more important than charisma for
enchanters.

Some even believe that charisma is of minimal importance, at least when
compared

to intelligence. Even putting only 5 points into charisma, you will still be
able to raise

your charisma to 135 fairly easily.

2) Although you CAN do this at level 1, it is highly risky and due to dying
and corpse

retrieval time I would not recommend it. Instead, get the enchanter up to
level four.

At level four, enchanters get invisibility or "invis" as it is most often
called. Invis will

keep you alive. Although you can get others to cast invis and SoW on you as
a level

one character, it can and does wear off at the wrong time, and you want to
be able

to invis yourself at a moments notice. So get up to level four. It doesn't
take long ..

Getting to level four is easy simply by killing bats, wasp drones, decaying
skeletons,

etc. Make sure to get your pet spell ASAP. If you won't be able to give this

enchanter platinum off of another character, then I suggest you focus on
decaying

skeletons as much as possible. These drop bone chips, which can be sold for
3 plat

per stack of 20 to other players. Simply /auction them off when you have a
stack.

Some generous high level necros will pay a hardworking newbie 5 plat per
stack

even. If they don't sell, don't wait around and don't worry about it. You'll
be going to

Freeport once you hit level 4, and you can sell them in East Commons. Also,

decaying skeletons drop weapons sometimes, and once in awhile a cracked
staff

worth over a plat. Orc pawns with weapons are good too. Any time you see a

decaying skeleton or an orc pawn with a staff, take it out immediately since
the

cracked staff is worth so much. If you reach level four killing every
decaying

skeleton you see, you should be able to make all the plat you need to make
this

work. Don't spend too much time hunting for decaying skeletons though. Fight
and

level as quickly as possible. Just pay attention and kill every decaying
skeleton you

see.

3) Once you hit level four, it's time to go to Freeport. Get your level four
pet, invisibility

and gate spells before leaving. You will definitely want to get a SoW
(Spirit of Wolf)

so that you can get there faster and safer. Most druids will be glad to do
it for a plat

or two, or free to a low-level character with no money. SoW will not only
get you

there faster, but it will allow you to outrun most enemies should your
invisibility wear

off and something agros on you. Keep yourself invisible while on your way to

Freeport. If you can get someone to teleport you to West Commons or North
Ro,

that will save you some time but it isn't necessary. I recommend printing
out some

maps for all zones you will be traveling through if you aren't familiar with
them.

EQAtlas has good maps, as do many other sites. Briefly, to get to Freeport
go from

Greater Faydark to Butcherblock Mountains. The zone entrance to Butcherblock
is

at neg 1500, pos 2400. Once inside Butcherblock, you need to get to the
docks.

Run along the path, and at the only crossroads in the zone, steer to your
right.

Follow this path all the way to the docks. You will run by the Dwarf city of
Kaladim.

Once at the docks, you need to catch the big ship to Freeport. This ship
docks at

the main docks on the right. This ship will take you into Ocean of Tears,
and then

into East Freeport. Once in East Freeport, get off the ship and go into the
Port

Authority building. You need to bind here. You can get a bind by shouting
that you

need one. At your level, a plat or so will suffice for a bind, and most high
level

characters will do it for you for free. You might have to go to the gate to
get a bind,

but try to get one inside the port authority if at all possible. After you'
ve gotten a

bind, look at your map, and find your way to Trader's Holiday. Go into
Trader's

Holiday and buy a spit, which is for baking. Now, look at your map again and
go to

the west Freeport zone. Once you zone into West Freeport, look at your map
and

go to the Monk Guild, called the Ashen House. Buy seven backpacks from the

vendor inside. If you can't afford seven backpacks, go sell your bone chips
at the

tunnel in East Commons (neg 1000, pos 825) and come back. Or, to be honest,
you

can work with less backpacks, it will simply require more trips. You'll be
making

money soon enough anyway right here in Freeport, and can buy more backpacks

later if necessary. Now, take a look at your map and make your way to the
West

Gate. It is by the Freeport Militia House.

4) Now that you've bound in Freeport and you have your spit, you're ready to
start

working on your money machine. Stay invis when not in Freeport. Go outside
the

gate and run out of Freeport until you zone into East Commons. Run up the
path,

and do not turn anywhere. The first inn you come to, stop and go into the
farthest

building where a merchant named Parthar is at. The location is neg 110, pos
235.

Buy enough frosting (1 silver each) from Parthar to fill up all of your
backpacks but

one. Leave one empty. Remember that you can now purchase stacks by holding

your shift key when you press the "buy" button. Now you need to return to
Freeport.

Go to the caster's guild called "The Academy of Arcane Sciences." The first

merchant on the second level, Lysa Truegreen, sells batwings. Buy enough

batwings to fill up your remaining backpack, but leave one slot empty. If
you're using

a High Elf Enchanter as I recommend, while you're here go to one of the

guildmasters and put ALL of your practice points into BAKING. Another place
to

buy batwings is in East Commons, but I definitely prefer the safety of
Freeport. To

get to the batwing merchant in East Commons, run across the East Commons
zone,

almost into West Commons. You need to go to Katha Firespinner, an Erudite

merchant at pos 250, pos 4750. Katha Firespinner sells batwings for 1 silver
each,

depending on your faction. Buy enough batwings to fill up your remaining
backpack,

but leave one slot empty.

5) Have a seat - you're about to start baking! :) If you've decided to buy
batwings in

East Commons, roaming bears, orc pawns, etc will likely attack you. You can
either

try to stay invis, or summon your level four pet and sit there with him
guarding you.

The only thing that ever attacked me was orc pawns and bears, and neither
one is a

match for you and your pet. If you decide to sit there invis and it wears
off, and you

get attacked by a bear, summon your pet *immediately* because there is no
way

you will take a bear without your pet. With your pet it's easy though. OK -
back to

business. Sit down and open a backpack that is full of frosting. Swap
batwings with

frosting so that the backpack has four stacks of each. Make them staggered,
so

there is a stack of batwings on top of a stack of frosting. Now, open up
your spit.

Line these two up so you can move frosting and batwings into the spit as
fast as

possible. Press your CNTRL key on your keyboard and keep it pressed, so you
only

take one batwing and one frosting at a time. Place one of each into the spit
and

click "combine." If you are successful, you will have made a sweet treat
called a

"batwing crunchie." These turn trivial at 45, so keep making them until they
are

trivial. Buy batwings as needed. Sell the batwing crunchies back to the
merchant as

needed. Once you hit 45, you can sell all of your remaining supplies back to
the

same merchant for what you paid for them, or very close to it.

6) Head back to Parthar, where you bought your frosting. Fill up all of your
backpacks

but one with Jugs of Sauce. These are less than one silver each, depending
on your

charisma. Now, gate back into East Freeport. Head to the Port Authority if
you are

not already there. Buy five stacks of fresh fish or so, leaving yourself
with three free

slots. Now, have a seat and combine one fish and one sauce, like you did for
the

batwing crunchies. This creates "fish fillets." These will turn trivial at
82. Keep

making these until they go trivial, buying more fish as needed. Once you hit
82, you

can sell your remaining sauce to the merchants in the Port Authority.

7) It's time to head back to wherever you bought batwings and fill up on
batwings

again. This time, leave two empty slots in your last backpack, and fill the
rest with

batwings. Gate back to the Port Authority.

8) Once you're back at the Port Authority, buy more fish. Buy one stack,
leaving

yourself one empty slot in your backpack. Now, combine one fish with one
batwing.

This makes "fish rolls". Not a profitable item, but they will take your
skill all the way

up to 135. Continue to make fish rolls until 135, buying more fish as
needed.

9) After your skill is maxed out at 135, sell off your remaining batwings to
the

merchants in the Port Authority. You now need to buy whatever gear is
necessary

to bring your charisma up to 135. The charisma items are listed at the
beginning of

this guide. I experimented with various charisma levels with a High Elf
Enchanter for

this purpose, and the cutoff seemed to be 135. Any higher than 135, and I
did not

receive any better prices when buying or selling from the merchants we will

ultimately deal with. As soon as you can afford the necessary items, head to
the

tunnel in East Commons which is at neg 1000, pos 825 and buy them. Find a

jeweler while you're there to make you any charisma items you need that a
jeweler

can make. Don't leave until your charisma is 135 or better. Remember, better
than

135 won't help you any. It is extremely inexpensive to get your charisma to
135 if

you're using the recommended High Elf Enchanter.

10) If you have your baking skill at 135 and your charisma at 135, and at
least 5

platinum or so, it's time to leave for your final destination, which is
Thurgadin.

Before leaving, I highly recommend banking ALL of your gear, except for
enough

plat for your port. Thurgadin is the Ice Dwarf (Coldain) City in the Great
Divide of

Velious. If you know how to get there, you can skip this step. Go to
Thurgadin now.

If not, I will explain how to get there. First of all, I strongly suggest
you get a teleport

to get you as close to Thurgadin as possible. This means porting to the
Iceclad

Ocean zone. Keep in mind that Velious ports are more expensive in general

because they are higher level ports. For all the money you will be making
though,

you won't have to worry about it. Most druids and wizards will be happy to
port you

for 20-30 plat, and anytime I've really needed one fast, 50 plat has gotten
it right

away. Whatever you pay, make sure you have at least 15 plat left over.
Before you

port, make sure you get a SoW and are invisible. Throughout the entire
journey, you

want to be very cautious of everything around you to avoid being attacked if
your

invis wears off. Once you arrive in Iceclad, the first thing you will want
to do is head

to neg 4400, pos 9200. This is the bridge that will lead you to the next
zone, which

is Eastern Wastes. Be careful, as there are two ice giants guarding the
entrance of

this bridge. If you're invis, you're fine. If not, you can go around them.
Run all the

way over this bridge and you will zone into Eastern Wastes. Once in Eastern

Wastes, you can go one of two ways: a) You can run directly to the zone into
the

Great Divide, which is neg 1700, pos 5500. This is faster, but riskier. b)
You can

run along the zone wall and avoid trouble for the most part. Simply follow
the zone

border to the right once you enter Eastern Wastes. Eventually, you will come
to the

Great Divide zone entrance. Whichever method you choose, zone into the Great

Divide. Once you have entered Great Divide, follow the zone border to the
right.

This will take you to Thurgadin rather quickly, thankfully. The Thurgadin
entrance is

at pos 50, pos 150. The zone entrance is directly through the waterfall.
Zone on in.

1. If you can't get a port to Iceclad Ocean for some reason, you'll need to
go there by

boat. Head to East Freeport (same zone as the Port Authority) and run out
the gate

and outside Freeport. Keep going and you'll zone into North Ro. Once inside
North

Ro, run to the left and you'll come to the ocean. Run up the shore and
you'll come to

a dock with Frankel the Pirate. The location is 800, neg 850. A shuttle will
pick you

up here and take you to Iceclad Ocean. First, you'll come to a small island.
Run

across this island and you'll see a big dock. A ship will pick you up here
and take

you to your final destination, which will be another island. Run to the left
along the

shore of this island until you come to an ice bridge, location pos 4770, pos
2180. Go

across this ice bridge. You will come to another island; run to the left and
up the

shore on this island as well until you come to another ice bridge, location
pos 585,

pos 2450. Go across this ice bridge. Now, you are at the main island and
need to

follow the directions above as if you had ported to Thurgadin. This means
running to

the main bridge which will zone you into Eastern Wastes, which is at neg
1700, pos

5500. Be cautious of the ice giants guarding the bridge, which you can go
around if

you're not invis. Now, you can continue on to Thurgadin as if you had
ported.

Whew!

IMPORTANT! PLEASE NOTE: There is one very good reason you might consider

going on foot, and that is to get 10 slot toolboxes from a Gnome Pirate
Merchant in

Iceclad Ocean. If you do port to Iceclad, you can backtrack to the Gnome

Merchants. The merchant you want is Adinel Jailbar, and he is at pos 4536,
pos

1286. This location is close to where you zone in from North Ro. Deluxe
toolboxes

are about 2 platinum each, and well worth it. Buy enough to fill up your
inventory

and of course sell your backpacks to Adinel. These 10 slot toolboxes present

another money making opportunity if you get bored baking. Try buying them
and

reselling them in East Commons, or whatever zone most of the commerce takes

place at on your server. Try selling them at the Freeport or Kelethin bank
too.

Considering that high level players will buy 10 slot backpacks to use for
bank

storage at 70-100+ platinum each, this presents an equally useable and much
more

economical alternative. Selling them for 20 plat each would be a nice
profit, and

should be easily doable.

11) Now that you're inside Thurgadin, you need to go to the bank and get
your gear and

buy some supplies. After entering Thurgadin, you'll run straight through
some gates

and arrive at the main strip, where all the shops are. Go left, and you'll
see the

Thurgadin Exchange on your right. After getting your gear, go to Perkins,
one of the

merchants. Buy jugs of sauce and vinegar, enough to fill up � or so of your

inventory. Now, head on out of the bank and go back the way you came, and

continue until you see Mordin's Meats on the left. Go inside and fill up
your

remaining slots with gator meat, leaving a couple empty slots. Now, arrange
your

backpacks / toolboxes in such a way that you can most quickly transfer one
vinegar,

sauce, and gator meat into your spit. Remember that keeping CTRL pressed

selects only one at a time, which is what you want. Combine these 3 items to

produce "pickled gator." This item will produce nearly a 100% profit, and
should be

good for between 50-75 platinum per hour. Now, your platinum factory is in
place,

and you can continue to make pickled gator and as much platinum as you need!
.

Once you get fast at making pickled gator, you should be able to make at
least 50 plat

per hour, and if get really fast, you can make 75+ plat per hour. Try to
work on your

speed until you have a rhythm down and are comfortable doing it. Line your
backpack

and spit up just right, so you can put in the ingredients quickly and then
drop finished

product onto your auto-equip area. Here are some additional tips:

1. Remember that you can select an entire stack of items by holding down
shift (for

selling, buying, moving) and you can select just one from a stack by holding

down control.

2. If you have trouble locating any baking supplies, you can find the
locations for

frosting, fish, batwings, etc at this link.
www.eqtraders.com/location/baking.htm.

3. Sometimes vendors say they are busy - this usually means they've been

attacked. Sometimes vendors are missing - this usually means they've been

killed. . These glitches are usually fixed with the next spawn.

PLEASE NOTE: At one time, it was possible with this method to make 150
platinum per

hour or MORE by baking a different item. This item was "smoked shark", but

unfortunately shark meat was removed from the game after the May 30, 2001
patch. If

ANYONE should come across a merchant ANYWHERE that sells shark meat, please
email

us at platinum@powerleveling.com immediately! We will make necessary changes

to the guide and send everyone an update for free. Also, if anyone should
have any

ideas for improving the effectiveness of this method, don't hesitate to
e-mail us at the

same address! You may think of something that has not yet occurred to us.

Suggestions for improvements are ALWAYS welcome!

GETTING A TOOTH OF THE GREAT DIVIDE

If you intend on traveling to and from Thurgadin, you want to be able to
port directly to

the Great Divide if you can't do so already. To be able to, you need a Tooth
of the

Great Divide. Getting this tooth is easy: run outside Thurgadin into the
Great Divide and

simply go to the teleportation circle. The tooth is lying in the center. The
circle is

located at neg 3750, pos 3650. Be very careful on your way there, and make
sure to reinvis

yourself immediately after you pick up the tooth!

A WORD ON WISDOM

No matter how high your skill in a particular trade, you will still fail a
certain percent of

the time, even on the most trivial of items once in awhile. It is often
debated how

important wisdom is in failure rates for trade skills. Many argue that it
isn't important

when something is very trivial. Smoked Shark goes trivial around 85 or 95,
and our skill

is at 135, so if this is true then wisdom should not make any difference.
Back in the

"gold old days" when you could still make smoked shark, I did an experiment
to see just

how important or unimportant it was. First, I made a full load of smoked
shark with my

base wisdom of 85 on my level four Human Enchanter. Then, I brought one of
my other

characters over and equipped the chanter with a ton of wisdom gear. I cast
brilliance on

him as well, so his wisdom was VERY high, as was his intelligence. Then, I
created

another load of smoked shark. I was stunned by the results. It was obvious
when I was

doing the second load that I was seeing dramatically fewer failures. In the
end, the first

load left me with five backpacks, one stack, and eight pieces of smoked
shark. The

second load left me with a whopping six full backpacks, two stacks and eight
pieces of

shark. This equates to a difference of over 15 platinum! The wisdom clearly
made an

enormous difference. I would guess that high wisdom could get you an
additional 20

plat per hour. However, for the most part, wisdom gear is EXPENSIVE, costing

hundreds and even thousands of plat for meaningful increases. My wisdom in
the

second trial was probably increased by sixty. That is nowhere near
practical, and the

additional 20 plat per hour is not worth it. Reasonably priced wisdom gear
will likely not

make a noticeable difference, either. So, I suggest you leave your wisdom
where it is.

If you created the recommended High Elf Enchanter, your wisdom of 100 should
be

fine. For master jewelers though, it makes sense to jack the wisdom through
the roof,

since they work with blue diamonds that sell for 4K on some servers. Would
hate to fail

on one of those! :)

I did this entire procedure with two characters in another experiment. One
character

had 85 wisdom, and the other was a High Elf Enchanter I created for the
express

purpose of making platinum. This chanter had the recommended 135 charisma,
100

wisdom. Not only did it cost a lot less to get the High Elf's skill to 135
due to far fewer

failures, but once I began making smoked shark, he also had far fewer
failures. This

translates into a lot more plat per hour. I would say that the High Elf
Enchanter with 100

wisdom failed only about as much as the other character decked out in wisdom
gear!

Perhaps there is some magic cutoff around 100, where additional wisdom
doesn't gain

you much? Whatever it is, I can tell you that the difference between 85
wisdom and 100

wisdom was enormous. The difference between 100 wisdom and 130 wisdom was

basically non-existent however. A High Elf Enchanter can get 115 charisma
and 100

wisdom as base numbers, so clearly they are the way to go. Whatever
character you

decide to use, be sure they can get at least 135 charisma and 100 wisdom.

With the recommended High Elf Enchanter, I would estimate that 100 wisdom
will gain

you an additional 5 platinum per hour over a character with 85 wisdom when
making

pickled gator. This comes at absolutely no expense, since the Enchanter's
base

wisdom is 100.

TRANSFERING PLAT

Now that you have a money machine, you'll probably need to transfer plat to
your other

characters. If you have two computers and two accounts, you can do this
easily,

obviously. Or, you can pass off the plat to a friend and then log on your
other character.

But having a friend come to Thurgadin is not always possible. One strategy
that has

always worked well for me without two computers and two accounts is this:
dropping

what you want to swap on the ground, and then logging in the character you
want to

have the item to pick it up. This sounds risky, but if done properly, risk
is minimal. I

have done this to get spells and other items many times and never had
someone pick

up my items. First, you want to find somewhere that people RARELY go. Inside

Thurgadin, there are many areas that are mostly "dead" that should work.
Once you

find your spot, drop a piece of copper or silver on the ground. Log out, and
then log

your other character in. Once your other character finds the copper or
silver piece, you

know they are both in the exact same spot. Now, you can drop whatever you
need to

on the spot and log in the character you want to have the item or items to
pick it up. In

this manner, you should be able to pass plat off to characters on the same
account.

Should you need to transfer plat to a character that cannot enter Thurgadin,
you can

always bind in Thurgadin, get a port wherever you need to go to transfer the
plat, and

then gate back.

Well, I hope you enjoyed this guide and get a lot of use out of it. You
should never run

out of plat now! :) If you have any suggestions for improvement, see any
mistakes, etc.

don't hesitate to e-mail me! Happy Baking!!!! .

Now, it's on to learning about making BIG platinum!! .

FRONTIER MOUNTAINS RARE CYCLES - FOR HIGH LEVELS

First, to clear up a few common questions, there ARE two different cycles,
and they

must be triggered to work.

While researching these two cycles, I found a lot of false information. It
seems that

some guilds and some eBay item farmers will routinely post false information
in an

attempt to keep the truth of these two rare cycles to themselves. I am
ashamed to

admit that my guild participated in a little bit of this false information.
I tell you the truth,

the rare cycles were NOT created for a few uber guilds alone.

I am facing the wrath of a few select item farmers and a couple high level
guilds by

writing this guide, but I am tired of people thinking they own these cycles
because they

have a level 55 character in an uber guild.

This guide contains:

1. Pre-requisites

2. Map

3. Cycle One

4. Cycle Two

5. Hints

6. Other Rare Mobs

7. Permafrost Item Camping (good for mid-levels)

A few pre-requisites:

1. For the Frontier Mountains cycles, you must have a tracker unless you are
using a

program like showeq.

2. You really want at least a level 45+ character to attempt this solo, or a
group if you

don't have a character that is at least level 45. (I run these cycles solo
with my level

49 druid.)

3. You have to have a decent map of Frontier Mountains or have the zone
memorized.

I have included the map I made, but www.eqatlas.com/atlas.html has a better
one.

I created this map to make it easier to visualize these cycles. I am no
artist, but this

should still be a very helpful tool. Please realize that mobs can wander,
agro, or be

trained out of the highlighted areas below, but this should be accurate 90%
of the time.

LEGEND:

(Basic spawning points for SE, SW, & NE corners are in orange.)

A. Temple of Droga

B. Burynai Mine

C. Iksar Guards

D. Burynai Mine

E. Bind Spot

F. Mines of Nurga

Cycle One

The cycles (both) are triggered. This means that you must kill the first mob
to trigger

the second, then kill the second mob to trigger the third, etc. If you miss
a mob, the

cycle freezes until that mob is killed. This can be VERY frustrating if you
do not know

which mob to kill.

The mobs spawn in roughly three corners of the zone (highlighted in orange
on the

map): Southeast, Southwest, and Northwest. Many people will tell you that
the cycle

starts in the Southeast corner - they are right 33% of the time. Actually,
the cycle

begins for you depending on which mob was killed last. The cycle moves SE >
SW >

NW > SE > SW > NW. Therefore, if the last mob of the cycle to be killed was
in the NW

corner, then the trigger spawns the next mob in the SE corner; or if the
last spawn was

SW then the next is NW; or if SE the next will be SW; etc. The trigger moves
in a circle

so you just have to find the current mob from the cycle and kill it to
begin.

SE CORNER = Goblins

First, you want to look for a rare goblin and kill him. If there is no rare
Goblin, then you

want to look for the placeholder, which is "a" goblin raider. Once you have
killed the

rare/ph, you want to then move to the SW corner.

Some of the rares for this corner and their drops: (pp is estimate only and
will depend

on your server; cash values are from past auctions on PlayerAuctions.com)

. Blugtigin - Medicine Totem (4000-5000pp, $36-100)

. Drake Tamer - Scale Hide Whip (700pp)

. Goblin Chieftain - Chieftain's Headdress (200-400pp)

. Goblin Dustscryer - Dustscryer's Crystal Ball (1000-2000pp, $10-30)

. Goblin Herb Collector - Goblin Juntah Harvester (200pp)

. Goblin Trailblazer - Goblin Trailblazer's Knife (400pp)

. Wandering Stone Healer - Goblin Soul Caller (1000pp, $15-20)

SW CORNER = Giants

First, you want to look for a rare giant and kill him. If there is no rare
giant, then look for

the placeholder, which is a mountain giant hillock. Once you have killed the
rare/ph,

you want to then move on to the NW corner.

Some of the rares for this corner and their drops: (estimate)

. Goblinstomper - Sarnak Hide Leggings (400pp)

. Gromlock - Gromlock's Basher (500pp)

. Krenlek - Scullhelm of Krenlek (500pp)

. Overseer Miklek - Gem Encrusted Circlet (500pp)

NW CORNER = Burynai

First, you want to look for a rare burynai and kill him. If there is no rare
burynai, then

look for a burynai miner. Once you have killed the rare/ph, you want to then
move back

to the SE corner and start again.

Some of the rares for this corner and their drops: (estimate)

. Burynai Grand Cenobite - Belt of the Cenobite (2000pp, $15-45)

. Dustback - Dusty Breastplate (1000pp, $10-20)

. Eboneyes - Ebon Razor (600-800pp, $5-15)

. Gemeye - Gem Finder (200pp)

. Stone Grinder - Stone Thunder (100pp)

Cycle Two

This cycle follows the exact same pattern, but it has an undefined
placeholder in the SW

corner. This can be extremely frustrating, but the loot from this cycle is
considerable.

The cycle works exactly as above only SE = Brutes, SW = random, NW =
Sarnaks.

Rare Brutes include:

. Boogoog - Cracked Branch (400pp)

. Diseased Brute - Rotwood Club (200pp)

. Joojooga - Gauntlets of Brute Strength (600pp)

. Mangy Brute - Intact Brutling Choppers (quest item)

Rare Sarnaks include:

. Bloodscale the Vicious - Blood Splattered Veil (2000pp)

. Clazxiss - Windetched Staff (1000pp)

. Slithinis - Slithinis's Shield (200pp)

. Varithyx - Sleeves of the Ancient (NO DROP - 16ac 3str 8cha)

I have been told that there is no SW spawn at all, but I think there is. I
have been told

that this cycle occasionally skips the SW spawn - and this may be possible.
I have

been told that the goblin coward, miner bordakn, burynai squad leader, and
others may

be part of the SW trigger.

My advice (and what I do is this), run the cycle and kill every mob you see
around the

SW corner area. I have kept this cycle going for hours - sometimes it did
appear to skip

the SW corner - and other times it appeared frozen for awhile (which was ok
because I

just ran the first cycle).

HINTS:

. Do not announce you are running the cycles because people will just sit
and wait for

you to trigger Blugtigin or the rare sarnaks and they will KS (kill steal)
you. Believe

me, I know.

. Bind in between the SW & SE zones and gate to save time.

. Accept the fact that occasionally you will be KS'ed - just move on.

. The values in this guide are just approximates.

. I run the cycles solo with a level 49 druid. I have seen low-40 druids run
the cycle

too, but some I think they couldn't kill. If you use a group, you get less
loot.

. If you get bored, stop. Never risk burnout - it isn't worth it.

. Almost all the items are lore - so create some mules and park them near
your bind

spot.

. Everyone you tell immediately becomes competition.

. Run the cycles at off-hours.

. If someone claims to be "camping the cycle" - they may just be waiting for
rares to

spawn. I have seen entire guilds do this.

. If someone really is running the cycle, do the other cycle or join them -
you share

loot, but you also go faster. I can complete both of the cycles in less than
5 minutes.

. Rares and their drops are random - sometimes I got several drops in one
turn -

other times it took me awhile to get a drop - but I average about 10 items
an hour.

Sometimes I made 2000pp in an hour and sometimes I made 10,000pp - it just

depends. Last night I got the Medicine Totem twice and sold them for over
10k.

. Mobs and drops (and even cycles) can be changed by Verant. Please use this
as

a guide and keep us informed of any changes or additional information you

find.

Other Rare Mobs:

There are some rare spawns that are not involved with the cycles. For
instance, Snaorf

and Eldrak Howlingbear are quest characters. There is no benefit to killing
these as

they don't drop anything.

You can find beastiary lists for this zone at these two sites: Everlore and
Alakazam's.

Permafrost Item Farming - For Mid Levels

This is a great zone for mid level farming. You can make pretty decent plat
here. First,

Get the map here - I'm not even attempting it.

Ok, are you disappointed because you can't run the cycles yet? Do you wish
there was

a place you could camp as low as level 25? Well, permafrost is the place for
you.

Every rare mob in permafrost has a 24 minute spawn. This means every 24
minutes

either the rare or its placeholder will spawn.

The easiest thing to do is break the spawns and run 2 or 3 at one time. At
level 25-30, I

was camping both the preacher and the archeologist (the spawn can be broken
to every

12 minutes). At level 35 I added the archeologist or the king room (every 8
minutes). At

level 45 I can take everything except the area around lady vox (ice giants &
polar

bears). At level 60 I can take vox herself (just kidding).

The Preacher drops the cold iron morning star (50-100pp) and the runed
circlet (200-

400pp, $5-15). The runed circlet is technically the rare, but I got it
almost half the time.

The Archeologist drops the archeologist pack (200-400pp, $5, lore) and the
dented

brass mask (300-500pp).

The Alchemist drops the mammoth hide leggings (50pp) and the mammoth hide
cloak

(1500pp, $10-75). The cloak is pretty rare.

The Goblin Jail Master has a long tunnel of goblins to kill before you reach
him, but he

drops the wooly spider silk net (not much) and the etched ivory charm
(400-600pp).

The Goblin Scryer is in a room full of goblins, but once you break the spawn
he is easy

enough. He drops the ice crystal staff (50pp) and wolf fur slippers
(400-600pp, $5-10).

The King Room has a couple spawns and may take a friend to break first. King
Thex

Ka IV drops the symbol of loyalty to vox (50-100pp) and the white wolf hide
cloak (1000-

1500pp $10-25). The elite goblin guards drop the icy greaves (no drop). The
elite

honor guards drop the silvery war axe (100pp) and the silvery two handed axe
(300-

500pp, $5-15). High Priest Zaharn drops zaharn's coronet (200pp).

Avoid the ice giant diplomat/ ice goblin champion camp - the diplomat drops
nothing of

value and the champion drops a so-so sword worth about 200pp. They are both
level

36ish and just not worth the bother.





