From 8021641877544966336
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d4a7387dc0635c91
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-14 22:32:31 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Ben Haddick" <bhaddick@SPAMISBADhotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Swimming
Date: Tue, 15 Jan 2002 00:32:17 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <u47j7v7e4mpg51@corp.supernews.com>
References: <osM08.374707$W8.13618641@bgtnsc04-news.ops.worldnet.att.net> <3c43b29e.28851878@news-server>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 109
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:156501

<snip>
> Also, from what I've heard, there are airless places on Luclin that
> require enduring breath.
>

The Grey, BAD place for someone *almost* level 18  =P

and you don't get swimming skill being there, you just drown if you don't
have EB.

My advice, borrow a FB earring from a friend if you can, or else just cast
EB on yourself (we get it at level 9, lasts 27 minutes) and just SWIM, only
zones with anything in the water that I know of: (that are accessible to you
=)

Rivervale: level 2ish piranha that attack anyone
East Freeport near docks, level 14? shark  (been so long since I've had to
ride a boat)
Erud's Crossing: um, nasty high level sharks, DONT go swimming here.
Ocean of Tears: some sharks that I don't think wander and aren't that high
level, never actually seen one but they show up when you cast sense animal,
also the occasional wandering seafurbie that will kick your little druid ass
back to bind.
Timorous Deep: as far as I'm aware, only thing in the water is the
occasional dragonslug who only lasts a few hours before the iksar master
decides to descend from his meditation on the island peak and solo a
dragonthing
Cobalt Scar:  (I list this as accessible since you can now port there
without a tooth) Don't go swimming here either, there's sirens, bulthar,
chests and more that will kick your butt.
Iceclad: the occasional lost shadow guardian/snow dervish on track from
halfway in the middle of the ocean, never personally seen one out of sight
of the main islands though, and the occasional Lodizal, but I'm fairly sure
Lodi doesn't go out that way.
Echo Caverns:  FUCKING TENTACLE TRAPS, and a big fucking mushroom that will
nuke you to death.
Hollowshade Moor: Turtles with poison (wtf?)
Paludal Caverns: those eyeless fish things, and in the shallower places, a
lot of those patog phlerg phlarg things.
Oasis: swim on the shore, NOT the lake; I tend to be ok swimming there, but
I give wide berth to the aqua gob tower, and at least for me, the specs
don't agro unless you're up on their island itself (and if you see one
coming, RUN FOR SOUTH RO!, they're innately slower than non-sow run speed)
Innothule Swamp: all sorts of newbie mob crap, should be all green to you,
but there are the troll bouncers to watch out for
Feerott: lizards, and then that other lizard, and another lizard or two, and
a few zombies.
Lost Temple of Cazic Thule: what did I say about lizards?  there's more
lizards here, and crocodiles too.
Blackburrow: stupidass fish that agro everybody but are only like level 8.
Everfrost: ehh... don't bother swimming in the river here, if you can't find
your way above the ice again you're screwed, and I've seen gobs swimming
around down here.
Qeynos Sewers:  don't bother, there's wanderers all over, Don't know if
they'll attack, but you don't want to visit the evil guild area, so don't
bother even coming.
Erudin (dock area):  sharks
Nektulos: DE guards (but you should be able to solo one) and more stupid
piranha types
West Commons: more stupid piranha types
North Freeport: some pirahna near paladin/cleric guild (the one with much
water near it)
Swamp Of No Hope: Innothule Swamp Redux (only this time we have level 28ish
things)
Lake of Ill Omen: Level 35ish goblins and fish, nuff said



Safe places:
Karanas (all)
West Freeport (assuming you're friendly with the freeport militia)
North Ro
South Ro
Upper Guk (assuming you're friendly with live froggies)
Qeynos Hills
ButcherBlock
Crushbone (nothing in the water unless trained)
Halas
Thurgadin (I made it here alone at 14, so yes its accessible, as long as you
don't go into the mines you're safe)
Stonebrunt Mountains (near the docks, there's funky pathing closer to the
edge of the zone where it hits land)
Parts of Lower Guk if you're friendly with frogs it's perfectly accessible
to live side
Felwithe
Ak'Anon
Kaladim
Shadow Haven
Shar Vahl
Sanctus Seru (assuming you're friendly with Seru)
Fungus Grove (in the outpost part, not the hunting part)
Runnyeye in the Sporali part, assuming you've never killed Sporali
Paineel pool to the Hole
The Hole entry pool (yes, I've swum here much, and on a less-than level 5
safely)
Kael Drakkal if you're friendly with Kromrif/zek (and I ran a level 1 ogre
warrior out here alone safely to do this  =P)
Cabilis if you're an Iksar (or did massive shitloads of faction work)
Chardok if you've done massive shitloads of faction work to become non kos
Firiona Vie near the outpost if you're on good terms with them
Overthere but stay away from outpost if KoS
Field Of Bone, but don't go into the tunnels underwater and avoid the
bigarse ape
Highpass/Highkeep
Either part of Qeynos
Surefall Glade
Parts of the Warrens




