From 6357208820848586761
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e68ee440b937603e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-06-17 13:36:17 PST
From: "Jeff@DevNET" <MayhemZero@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <3d0dd724_4@corp.newsgroups.com>
Subject: Re: First Trip to Velious? Questions.
Date: Mon, 17 Jun 2002 15:36:55 -0500
Lines: 141
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-Mimeole: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <3d0e441a_4@news.teranews.com>
X-Abuse-Report: Send abuse reports to abuse@teranews.com
Organization: http://www.TeraNews.com - FREE NNTP Access
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!reseller.nntpserver.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:205021

JazzMainian Devil summed it up excellently, but there is one excellent spot
I went
at 30 with my chanter.  Crystal caverns in Eastern Wastes.

I would STRONGLY recommend SOW and Batwings (you are a chanter
so u can lev and invis).  Even if invis comes off, you can make it if SOW'd.

Zone into EW from GD, it is approx -3000, +400 at Rygorr's Fort.  Now you
cannot handle Rygorr's Fort, but you can handle CC in a group.

BTW: Eastern Wastes has a trigger spot for the Komriff Death Squad so
be carful to check where it is.  4 Giants that pop up, very fast and will
kill you...
that is all I know about it, but it is not near Rygorr's from GD.

A very good group may be able to handle Rygorr's except for the
Chief and Elites, my other group of 30-40's took Centurions &
Leggionaires...but that is another subject.

ALWAYS stay invis in Eastern Wastes while traveing, too many things like to
eat
you.  Once you get to Rygorr's go inside (while invised) bear to the right.
do not
go inside second building, only go inside walled area (a group is usually
outside
they may help u here, because it is hard to explain).

There is a gate house with a giant Crystal in it.  You can bind here.

You cannot bind inside Crystal Caverns.  PROBLEM:  Sometime an orc or
two may wander into gatehouse, and if u gate in or are recovering from a
death,
the Orc(s) may kill you before you can touch the Crystal to zone out.  If
you bind
in Thurgadin, then you have that long run back to Rygorr's each time.

(You can bind at Kael Drakkel but it is a bit dangerous for u)

Your choice.  I bound at the Crystal, orcs were inside only once, and I got
into
a death cycle that one time (2 repeated deaths).  Crystal caverns is a place
that
you will fall in love with.....I was there for several weeks.

Once inside you will be in some dark, but eery tunels, and not too far away,
an Orc pops in front of the zone in.

Down the tunnel, is a big pit.  This is where lev comes in real handy.

If you are out of Batwings you can jump.  Do not do like me and listen to
the
same advice only not understand what they meant.  You must jump to each
landing
or blue surface on the way down.  I was a dummy and when they said jump,
while I was a bit worried about their advice they were experts so I
did...straight
to the bottom....
LOADING PLEASE WAIT......

You lev and invis up, got the pit and levitate to the bottom, quickly (if
vis comes
off orcs beat you to death - they did to me).
Once at the bottom, try and locate the opening, it is hard to see for a new
person.  Turn right into the tunnel and follow
till you see a crystal area, keep going and you will reach dorf town.

There is a bank, etc.  If orcs are on you bring them to dorf town and the
guards
will kill them. After dorf town is BB or Broken Bridge.  You have some stags
and
a butt ugly fish you can kill here.
Across BB, is more stags, then the Queen (she is really cool) Geos (I
screwed
up my geonid collection faction so be carful if u want to do certain quests,
but
they drop gems) and off to the left of the queen is another room.

The Queen is the most camped area, she has ubah drops, but the orcs drop a
lot of nice stuff.
CC has a ton of drops off easy mobs, and you being a chanter, I hope you
have the Blackened Crystalline Robe.  If not you can get it in CC.

As a wizard, I was scrimping by, but after CC, I had a ton of cashola.  So I
sent my lil chanter now he has some cash.
High levels doing the Shawl Quests or Thurgadin Gate Spells farm Velium
Ore, we sold bricks for 100pp each when the 8th shawl quest came out.
We held the pit for 8 hours and cleaned up that day.
Foremen drop 1hs and 2hs frozen Swords that can be sold for 30pp to vendors.
The Herbalist drops a weight reducing bag.  There is a lot that is dropped.
3 robes, crystalline Robes, BCR, and CCS.

Full groups get one heck of a nice exp bonus, not as good as Paludal
Caverns,
but close.

Everyone loves a chanter here, because ORCS always add, clarity is always
needed, and well u know thmelees.  Monks...I think they are the biggest
haste
addicts.

The only way up that I know is throught the Geo tunnel.  just follow it up
and
you will be back outside Rygorr's.  Where you come out is a small house, but
you cannot re-enter CC from that house.

BTW, You can bank here but most cannot do business here.  I had to change
to a gnome, then cast Alliance on the vendor before he would do business
with me.  While these dorfs LOOK like the ones at Thurgadin, they aren't.

NOTE:  IF YOU SEE ORCS AND GIANTS LINED UP OUTSIDE OF
THE WALL TO RYGORR'S, LEAVE IMMEDIATELY.  YOU MAY
BE ABLE TO GET INTO CC, BUT YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO
LEAVE EXCEPT BY GATING FOR A WHILE.  LOOK FOR /OOC'S
TO FIND OUT WHAT IS GOING ON AT RYGORR'S.
When I say leave Rygorr's I mean Leave EW.

I would also recommend you get some friends together and go to the
Tower of Frozen Shadow.  But, I can tell you about that another time.

Take care...


"Mechanic Falls" <mcfalls@exploremaine.com> wrote in message
news:3d0dd724_4@corp.newsgroups.com...
> Where does the Nexus Scion drop you?  Where are the druid rings?
>
> If a level 34 chanter wanted to find a group for reasonably high life
> expectancy adventuring, where would you head?
>
> What tricks would you use as you travel to that location?
>
> Thanks !!
>
>
>
>
> -----= Posted via Newsfeeds.Com, Uncensored Usenet News =-----
> http://www.newsfeeds.com - The #1 Newsgroup Service in the World!
> -----==  Over 80,000 Newsgroups - 16 Different Servers! =-----




