From 2537783519540308185
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a8f78f2d87ab91e6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 29 Jul 2005 15:42:40 -0500
Date: Fri, 29 Jul 2005 16:42:38 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: The ever popular "good duo" post
References: <LpudnTyIxNF35HffRVn-qA@dejazzd.com> <slrndel0k7.76m.faned@wyld.qx.net>
In-Reply-To: <slrndel0k7.76m.faned@wyld.qx.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <78GdnanU_ahcCXffRVn-ug@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 88
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.255.13
X-Trace: sv3-OwsMYQpwapZP63HHOzu13cbTbkB9YQwmhb1yKkMWKW6X5vaS8IynHw8/Ybzdd3C78FzLoScXMyQQmZr!x9Lo7pKl5vChyujxoZHocGvbPcwYBFRL2lHvxSIq6FxfFITVxwkns5tevhnMDQH5ZvLt0w5HFYI=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:4946



Faned wrote:

> <emporer@dejazzd.com> wrote:

> As you well know, a cleric goes good with anything.  Cleric/warrior would
> leave you highly dependent on having other people to group with, as they
> lack many elements (snare being the thing that leaps to mind first) but at
> the same time would be the most powerful pair.
> 
Innoruuk cleric could get the snare neck, which isn't useful in terms of 
fear kiting, but which generally covers the more important "stop 
runners" part of the snare job.  A warrior/cleric team should do a 
decent job of duoing, and yet serve as the core of any good larger 
group, allowing us to group up with pretty much anyone.

Trouble is, I'm not thinking -only- of grouping, but of each of us being 
able to solo as well.  While warriors and clerics -can- both solo (I've 
yet to see a class I couldn't solo, although I haven't tried rogue very 
far at all)  neither could be considered "good" at it.

> You might consider throwing beastlord into the mix.  I've seen beastlords
> duoing with other beastlords at all levels of the game, and they seem to do
> pretty decent.
> 

We've both played low level beastlords before, him to 14 or so, me to 
around 25.  Just not that enjoyable a class in my experience.   Might be 
different nowadays, of course, that was back shortly after release of 
SOL, when we went thru and played every Vah Shir class a bit just for 
the fun of it.  Vah Shir Bard eventually became my main for a while, 57 
levels or so worth anyway.

That aside, I'm not really interested in "two of the same class" as a 
combo; I like the way EQ allows a "the whole is greater than the sum of 
the parts" effect; in fact its my general experience that two of the 
same class is usually less than the sum of the parts, because you can't 
overlap some of the effects; AC on one of the pair is wasted, two people 
slowing aren't any better than one, and so on.  Thats not always the 
case, two warriors is better than one warrior, for example, if they are 
good at trading off aggro... but are they as much "better" than a 
warrior plus cleric?

> You also don't have monk in there.  Monks have finally come back into a
> semblance of balance in EQ and make a worthy "high dps, more heals required"
> tanking option.
> 
Monk is another one of those classes I played into the 20s and gave up 
on, there simply didn't seem to be any legs to the class at the time.  I 
remember  in the pre velious and early velious days I used to group with 
a monk a -lot- as a cleric, and had a great time, but that was in a time 
where monks did good damage and didn't take a lot of damage... they had 
small HP pools but took little damage, so paired with a good healer they 
could be kept alive well on relatively little mana.

If I'm understanding the current situation right, monks now have high 
DPS, roughly the same HP as everyone else, but take damage faster than 
"real" tanks, so they'd actually take more healing to keep alive, but as 
their targets would die faster, perhaps about the same actual heal 
expenditure over time.

At any rate, the choice of "tank" is largely out of my hands, I'm 
letting the 8 year old pick what he wants, and then fitting myself to 
his pick.  I'm under the impression he's leaning towards a tank of some 
kind, which is where I came in with the healer plan.  So, if he happens 
to pick monk, what would you think would make a better partner?  Looks 
like cleric would get the nod, with the better healing over short time 
span that would be demanded.

> All that said, if you don't have any plans or goals of getting to the higher
> levels and just wanna "goof off", I don't think you're going to go too wrong
> with almost any pair.

Of course that goes without saying, and trust me, I'm aware of that 
effect.  I was simply thinking aloud, if you will, about what might be 
interesting to try under these constraints.

Another factor to consider is that I'm also thinking of joining 
Rumbledor's "do it yourself or do without" guild, which makes ideas like 
soloing a warrior a bit more daunting; without... grr whats the name of 
that dagger that procs bandages?... access to some items hard to acquire 
without using the bazaar, this would be a lot more difficult than when I 
did it.

Lance




