From 5189850749089932306
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f0d44bca314a86a9
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-02 14:22:29 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!pln-e!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews2
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Good mini-week
Date: Mon, 2 Dec 2002 16:01:44 -0600
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 88
Message-ID: <asgl6a0kbj@enews2.newsguy.com>
References: <92D89185Dpleasereplyinhere@129.15.2.142>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-032.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:249827

> There's another giant, BARELY in my sight, obscured by haze.
> No, it's not.  It's the wrong color.  Target ->  Ancient Cyclops.

Heady feeling, isn't it?  One of the joys of this game is having your
patience rewarded by the rare pop or the rare drop.  For my epic I camped
Lord Bergurgle in Lake Ratheater for weeks and weeks.  When he finally
popped, I got that feeling of stunned disbelief followed by exultation.

> I get my ring and can't wait to turn it in.

Jboots are nice, and even if you get Run3 (still worth getting since it
works indoors as well as out), it'll be worth keeping the jboots so you can
have a dummy buff up if you ever fight dispelling mobs out of doors - like
dragons in Western Wastes, f'rinstance.

> I really can't add much to the mystery, but I got my damned ring
> and later got my boots.  Never did a SG or AC pop during
> "daytime" hours.

I only tried once to get the AC, before I gave up and decided to buy TBoots.
I still think all that stuff about killing specific mobs at a specific time
is a bunch of hoo-ha.  It's really all about figuring out the placeholders
and killing them as quickly as they spawn.

> Oof. I'm level 46 at the time and have heard that you don't go too
> far into Karnor's at that level.

Pshaw.  I was doing Karnor's at 40.  Admittedly, clerics don't have to worry
about getting their heals resisted.  Still, if the group understands the
hazards of having a slightly-underlevel chanter in their group, I'd have no
hesitation accepting such a group offer.

> the puller comes in with 3 Bodyguards.  Red, red, red.

The chanter's second-favorite pull, just below "Red, red, red, red, LOADING
PLEASE WAIT"

> Great.  I try to mez one - resist and now he's after me.  Stun him,
> and then my cleric guildie roots him.

Sounds like you were grouped with a cleric who knew his stuff.  Too many
clerics don't realize how important it is to keep the chanter up and tend to
focus on the tanks.  Plus the cleric went about it the right way - rooting
the mob on you rather than blowing mana on heal after heal.

Groups that know what they're doing are rare - hang on to them as long as
possible.  =)

> *POP*  A nasty looking hand.  Now I know where the room gets
> it's name from.

Those hands are very cool-looking monsters... one of my favorite models from
the Kunark era.

> Supple Scale Armband
> AC: +3 Wis: +5 Int: +5 Fire Resist: +10 Mana: +25

You forgot the best feature: Extended Range III.  It allows you to cast
spells from farther away.  Monual still has his Supple Scale Armband so he
can cast Complete Heal from as far away as possible during raids.

> Nice upgrade over the thing I had ( can't remember, but it wasn't good ).

You probably won't keep yours for as long as I've had mine, since I'm
guessing Extended Range III doesn't mean as much to you.  But it's still a
darned nice piece of hardware.  Grats.

> I ran the PoK quest the next morning 4 times and dinged 47.  All
> in all, a good couple of days for me.

Even with the death at the end, sounds like a great experience.  Even
better, you found good folks to group with *and* made a good impression on
them.  That means they'll seek you out for more groups.  That's an
invaluable resource you should cultivate as much as possible - finding
regular groupmates that know what they're doing can make EQ a fantastic
experience.

I enjoyed the write-up.  =)

--
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
High Priest of Rodcet Nife
Winter's Light
Drinal server




