From -5786533902649846766
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,74c3c1d171f90fbc,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-08 10:10:21 PST
From: "Halfpole" <Flight97@stalag13.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Which Norrathian Locale is Your Work Like?
Date: Sat, 8 Sep 2001 10:02:42 -0700
Lines: 127
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.00.2615.200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
NNTP-Posting-Host: coeuruser101.bossig.com
X-Original-NNTP-Posting-Host: coeuruser101.bossig.com
Message-ID: <3b9a51d3@news.newszilla.com>
X-Trace: news.newszilla.com 999969235 coeuruser101.bossig.com (8 Sep 2001 12:13:55 -0500)
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeeds.belnet.be!news.belnet.be!fr.clara.net!heighliner.fr.clara.net!news.newszilla.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:116117

I was toying with creating various Shadowknights a while back, and in the
description of the religion of Cazic-Thule, I noticed something.... How
Paineel is run sounds exactly like a place where I used to work (minus the
animated undead).

If your workplace were to mirror a Norrathian locale, what would your
workplace most likely be?

*Paineel:  Fear and intimidation is the rule of the day.  One Overlord
throws his weight around to keep everyone else in line.  The chain of
command below him uses the same fear/intimidation tactics to make everyone's
lives miserable.  And they enjoy it.  The corpses of those who have been
fired/laid off are paraded before the rest of the employees as a warning to
all.  Lots of casualties.  You get the warm, cozy feeling that you're living
in a tiny little outpost of Hell itself.

*Neriak:  Everyone is angry all the time.  Suspicion, backbiting,
conspiracies and rumors are the norm.  Rage drives the corporate machine.
The plotting not only involves internal office scheming, but also seeks to
take over other companies so they can raid their pension funds.

*Qeynos:  Everyone is smiles and happiness...on the surface.  But something
buried very deep is quite wrong and unhealthy.  No one talks about it.
Tends to ignore what's really going on until it's almost too late.

*Freeport:  Powerstruggle between various department heads for control of
the corporation.  No one is quite sure who really should be in charge.
Multiple bosses giving employees conflicting instructions.  Most employees
try to ignore the politics and quietly do their jobs.  Those who too closely
associate with one department head or the other risks getting the axe.

*Highpass:  On the surface, an old, established, respected corporation.  At
one time it was a monopoly and a leader in the industry.  Now a worn out
dinosaur.  Once you find out what's going on beneath the surface of company
logos and slogans, you find they are little more than bandits and pirates
out to make a buck, no matter what the consequences.

*Ogguk:  No one seems to be aware of what's really going on around them.
"You're not getting paid to think."  The daily grind keeps people's minds
numb.  Little do they know what the planned merger with the Neriak Corp.
will do to their nice little company, their jobs, and that pension everyone
was counting on.....

*Grobb:  Commission sales!  Dog eat dog!  The competition is fierce, and
your hungriest competitor is most likely the guy you share an office
with....

*Erudin:  Small time office politics.  Cliquish.  Snobby.  Hard to break
into the 'inner group' if you don't happen to already be there.  Starting
here looks good on your resume', but if you really want to advance, you have
to move on to another company.

*Halas:  An old corporation under new, enthusiastic management.  Lots of
opportunities for both success and failure.  People are willing to take
risks.  There are often many goldbrickers among the lower echelon trying to
leach off of your efforts, though.  One sometimes has to wade through all of
them before getting anything done.

*Cabalis:  Your place in the company has been determined for you, and you've
been pigeon-holed....you feel like you've been hatched and brainwashed.  A
small group of suspicious dept. heads keeps everyone in their place.  Lots
of slogans and company pep-talk to try to keep everyone's minds in a state
of manipulated mush.  It's not just a job...it's a cause and a crusade! (or
more accurately, a cult?)  The company is everything, and outside
competition is not tolerated.  Corporate goal is not so much to be #1 in the
industry, but to be the ONLY one in the industry.  Big into mergers and
corporate take-overs.

*Thurgadin:  One of those quiet, out of the way, old fashioned style
companies that everyone thought disappeared in the 1920's.  Run by the same
family for generations.  Management has become totally isolated and
insulated from the the general work force -- they are totally unaware of the
discontent building among their own employees.

*Ak'Anon:  Big corporate buildings (offices, warehouses, powerplants, etc.),
very few employees.  You feel tiny and all alone at work.... kind of like
the 'Maytag Repairman.'

*Kaladim:  Hard working, no nonsense, blue collar, hands-on, get the job
done.  Serious work environment.  Lots of drinking after work.

*Felwithe:  Everyone is trying to impress everyone else with their good
looks and high-powered intellect.  Office politics boils down to a
combination of beauty contests, and a lot of impressive flash and glitter.
Much of it is merely an illusion.  Once the charm of the place wears off,
you wonder if anyone really accomplishes anything useful.

*Rivervale:  A home-spun little company that's grown from the grass roots
up.  Lots of friendly faces inside, but their recent success has taught them
to be them suspicious of anyone connected with outside competition.  The
business has survived at least one hostile take over bid, and now they're
wary of any mergers with other companies, especially the Neriak Corp.

*Kelethin:  The Politically Correct work place.  "All" views are tolerated,
unless your views don't fit the corporate agenda...then watch out!  The
touchiness gives everyone an extra sense of insecurity.  One can rise high
up on the corporate ladder very quickly, but the maze of office politics can
get one lost and confused.  The official employee handbook says one thing
about how to get through that maze properly, but the reality is something
quite different.  What appear to be company safeguards only serve to give a
false sense of security.  One wrong step, and you can fall from your
position in an instant.  Very easy to fall from favor, and to find oneself
on the outside in a heartbeat!

*Crushbone:  Constantly under assault from the competition, they learn to
get things done the hard way -- with their fists.  Raging like a bull in a
china shop, they don't care who gets crushed under 'the wheels of
progress'...the company's survival is more important than the welfare of
it's individual members...or even its customers.  Even with this energy
going for them, their plans are far more grandiose than anything they can
realistically accomplish.  Corporate leadership suffers from delusions of
grandeur, and is unwilling to face the facts that they're merely a
third-rate player in the business world.  They think their joint ventures
with the Neriak Corp. will bring big profits.  Foolish mortals......

*Runnyeye:  Managed for years as a branch office of a distant corporation,
it is now independent and employee owned!  Only time will tell if the
business can survive rough market conditions under the new management.....

*Blackburrow:  Teamwork at it's finest.  Everyone is more than willing to
lend a hand and join the group effort to crush the competition.  Once these
guys get going, get out of their way or get run over.  Internal strife and
rivalries take a back seat to the common group goals.  Only external factors
outside of their control keep them from rising to a prominent position in
the business world.




