From -2232278163178453116
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ccc61d6bb7b718af
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-04-07 10:02:32 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!logbridge.uoregon.edu!newsfeed.utk.edu!feed2.onemain.com!feed1.onemain.com!newsfeed2.earthlink.net!newsfeed.earthlink.net!newsmaster1.prod.itd.earthlink.net!newsread2.prod.itd.earthlink.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3ACF3998.A9F630EC@catlore.com>
From: Kay Anders/Breathe_Rathe <breathedontspamme@catlore.com>
Reply-To: breathe@catlore.com
Organization: Neriak, Inc.
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en]C-CCK-MCD EBM-Compaq  (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Questions about shaman solo versus group strategies
References: <9ncuctojku9f9u4890clqp7qm1jvr50apo@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 143
Date: Sat, 07 Apr 2001 17:00:27 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 63.14.245.236
X-Complaints-To: abuse@earthlink.net
X-Trace: newsread2.prod.itd.earthlink.net 986662827 63.14.245.236 (Sat, 07 Apr 2001 10:00:27 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 07 Apr 2001 10:00:27 PDT
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:64106

Hi, Sue...

First off, this is all grouping-related, and is all pre-pet oriented.
I've got a 32 Barbarian Shaman that I played the wrong way for nine months
and the right way for another nine, so trust me when I say some of this
stuff. <g>

To go in reverse, yes, you *will* eventually stop meleeing.  You will soon
in fact.  Once in a while you'll get the chance--if you're full mana and
no spells need to be cast, etc.--but for the most part, be prepared to
spend your Shamanistic career casting and meditating.  But that's ok;
that's what Shamans are made for.

As for grouping--when I group, I tend to have up my debuffs (2), a DoT
(1), my nuke (1), Gate (1), SoW if outdoors (1), my heal (1), and the last
spot can rotate (usually between Root and Malaise).  You *are* still a
valuable offensive caster--you're just not meant to be a nuker.  Your
debuffs are the best in the game, though, and your DoT's are rivaled only
by Necromancers.

And once you hit 24, you'll have the wonderful Cannibalize/Regen
combonation, and you'll learn to do the Shaman Mana Dance.  (Stand up,
Cannibalize as much as you safely can, put regen on yourself, sit, lather,
rinse, repeat.)

Debuff at the start of the fight.  In time, you'll get to know your
mobs--what needs slow, what doesn't, etc.  If you're killing stuff fast,
just stick the most-needed debuff on it and don't worry about more than
that.  They won't need it.  If it's a tougher mob, also drop a DoT on it.
Those are great for chipping away at the mob.

Speaking for myself, I only use my nuke on rare occasions, when I have
extra mana and there's no danger if I *do* go LoM.  Our nukes are good,
but just not as efficient as a Wizard or Mage's.

BTW, if you're grouped with an Enchanter, you two can split the debuffing
duties.  They're the only other class that can really debuff worth a darn
(not counting cancel magic type of debuffs).

Also, if you're grouped with an Enchanter, ONLY DOT THE MOB THAT IS
ENGAGED BY THE MAIN TANK.  DoT's will break the mez that an Enchanter puts
on a critter, and that's bad, m'kay?  You can debuff them to your heart's
content while they're mezzed, though.  Just don't DoT anything that isn't
Enchanter-approved.  <g>  (You'll eventually do this once anyway and
probably die because of it, but that's OK, too, it's part of the Shaman
initiation process. ;) )

As for buffing... You are THE BUFF GODDESS of Norrath.  Level for level,
no one can buff melee stats better than you--strength, dex, agility, and
stamina are yours. You own 'em.  You've got some nifty AC buffs, too, and
you and Enchanters both have good haste buffs.  Make the most of these.

But don't go too overboard buffing.  Find out what people want and need.
Monks love everything; Warriors tend to ask for Strength and Dex,
sometimes Stamina.  Smaller Warriors tend to ask for Strength and Stamina
more, while larger ones might get just Strength from you, or Strength and
Dex.  Learn which if your armour buffs stack with Cleric ones, and lay
those on them, too.

A good way to keep from going OOM buffing is to do no more than 2 types of
buffs at a time.  For instance, when I join, first thign I do is put SoW
on everyone--I start with myself, even if I already have it on, so I'll
know when theirs is wearing off without being told.

I'll memorize, say, Strength and Dex, put one of those on me, then cast
them on whoever else needs them (I put them on all meleers), and that
should leave me at 50-80% mana.  I sit down, med, join the fight if need
be, and about 3-5 minutes later I do Stamina and Agility, again putting
the very first cast on myself.  By doing it this way, no one has all their
buffs drop off at once, and you're not going OOM every half an hour doing
them.

Also, once you get into your late 20's and early 30's, both you and the
Enchanter will have haste buffs--but you'll have two different kinds.  One
improves AC as well but lasts longer and is slower; the other gives more
haste but is shorter and without the added benefits.  Let the tanks choose
which one they want.

Finally, if you're the only healer in the group, at your level, you can
spare to do DoTs and debuffs along with healing.  Depending on your base
wisdom and mana, as you get older, that'll be harder to do.  At 32, if I'm
healing, that is ALL I am doing apart from the rare buff.  I also have
fairly low wisdom, though, so I'm handicapped.

And going back to the start of this, by the time you're 20, you should be
picking your weapons based on wisdom or mana stats, not on melee stats.
I've died to Shamans, Clerics and Druids who would rather melee than
meditate, and it's not a pretty sight.  If your'e so OOM you can't cast,
don't melee--sit down and meditate to get that last heal's worth of mana.
You should only be meleeing if a) there is NO danger whatsoever, b) you
have plenty of mana, or c) something keeps hitting you so you can't
meditate anyway, and no one can get it rooted or taunted.

(I'll probably be refuted by some Shamans on the meleeing thing, but
speaking as a Tank, a Shaman *and* an Enchanter, I say, "just say no." ;)
)

As for the 34+ game, I'll leave that to someone who knows better'n me to
advise on.

My .02 coppers,
Kay
Shaman, Enchanter, Warrior....Diva.

"Bat Child (Sue M.)" wrote:

> My Iksar shaman just reached level 10 the other day.  Except for one
> short time when I grouped with a necro and monk in Swamp of No Hope,
> I've pretty much soloed all the way with her.  I still currently solo;
> my fighting strategy is to start out by pulling the mob with Drowsy,
> then start meleeing, then cast Sicken, then Tainted Breath, keep
> meleeing, re-cast Drowsy when it wears off, keep meleeing, maybe cast
> Frost Rift if necessary, melee till the end.
>
> I probably eventually will want to start grouping at some time, as
> from what I've heard, it gets harder to solo at certain levels.  Of
> course, what I will do first is buff my partner/group members; what
> spells should I have memorized when I group?  Should I keep mainly my
> buff spells memorized? When I solo, I buff myself up first, then keep
> mostly my offensive spells memorized when I fight (my current spell
> slots are:  SOW, Heal, Gate, Flash of Light, Frost Rift, Tainted
> Breath, Sicken and Drowsy).
>
> Also, should I go ahead and keep casting Drowsy, Sicken, Tainted
> Breath to slow the mob down for the fighter(s) or should I save my
> mana for buffs/healing?
>
> Also, from what I've heard, I should not start healing/buffing the
> fighters till they are down to 40% of their health or else the mob
> will start aggroing on me, and also that I should often let the group
> know my mana level so if I'm low, I can ask them to wait till my mana
> level is higher before they pull anything.  Any other suggestions on
> working with a group?
>
> Also, from what I've heard, at higher levels, shamans rely mainly on
> spells to kill the mob and melee very little.  What is the best
> strategy for this?  (I'm still meleeing the whole time now).
>
> Thanks in advance.
>
> http://www.primenet.com/~xenubat
> http://scorsese.jumpmovies.com



