From -5542974398763019756
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,fcf4ef0d840854bd
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-12 19:57:17 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.skycache.com!Cidera!portc03.blue.aol.com!news.stealth.net!news-east.rr.com!news.rr.com!cyclone.kc.rr.com!news.kc.rr.com!cyclone.austin.rr.com!cyclone2.austin.rr.com!typhoon.austin.rr.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dcd@firstnethou.com (Dan Day)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: The Question is WHY.
Message-ID: <3b27c32c.2472342@news-server.houston.rr.com>
References: <924B937E85597945.90470D2CE9F14150.EE5D784CE2F56CDC@lp.airnews.net> <3b26615b.57243825@news-server.houston.rr.com> <C18970E74B8C6011.E0E83F937BC74648.28C2A7A7897DBE05@lp.airnews.net>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.01/32.397
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 171
Date: Wed, 13 Jun 2001 02:39:55 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.162.59.130
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.austin.rr.com 992399995 24.162.59.130 (Tue, 12 Jun 2001 21:39:55 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 12 Jun 2001 21:39:55 CDT
Organization: Road Runner - Texas
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:84949

On Tue, 12 Jun 2001 17:10:51 -0500, "Wandarr of Povar, Clan Infinite Chaos"
<frogstar@airmail.net> wrote:

>Dan, you bore me.

I did not post in order to enhance your amusement, so
it does not concern me that you find my response less
than entertaining.

I did, however, post in order to educate you, which is
exactly what you had requested -- you asked a question
and solicited answers.  I provided some.

Or were you just trolling?


>As for divorce court for me and My SO, Not going to happen.  My Life Partner
>do something you seem to not able or care to do, that is to discuss issues
>and things we do not agree upon.  And no we do not agree on everything, but
>we sure as Hel, don't attack the other for having a differing opinion.

Oh, so let me get this straight -- you don't attack your partner with
phrases like "bitch and moan", "pisses on your head and down your back",
"pissing and whining", "Well Sparky", "guess WHAT!!??", "So shut 
up and stop whining", "nobody put a gun to your head", and
"you do not like it move on"?  Instead you just reserve that
sort of verbal aggressiveness for those of us in the newsgroup,
and your paying customers in your cab?  Got it.

In any case, while I'm glad to hear that you just use
your "like it or lump it" attitude here and don't take
it home with you (so you say), I still must point out that
my mention of marriage was a rhetorical device to illustrate
a point, and not a cue for you to grace us with
the state of your relationship.

I was pointing out that your "if you have gripes, move on"
advice to less-than-fully-satisfied Everquest players was
as poor an idea (and for the same reasons) as abandoning
a marriage because there are some problems with it.

I thought I was entirely clear on this the first time
around, but then I do often make the error of
overestimating my audience.  As the T-shirt I saw in 
the mall the other day said, "I'm sorry.  My fault.
I forgot you were stupid".

As for your "we sure as Hel [sic], don't attack the other
for having a differing opinion", what do you call:
"bitch and moan", "pisses on your head and down your back",
"pissing and whining", "Well Sparky", "guess WHAT!!??", "So shut 
up and stop whining", "nobody put a gun to your head", and
"you do not like it move on"?

These are all phrases from your original post here, and
look an awful lot like you were insulting those who
were disagreeing with you to start with.

As for my alleged inability or not caring to "discuss
issues and things we do not agree upon", I'd like to
point out that on the contrary, I discussed them at
length and took the time to answer the question that
you posed, and explained why I felt the question itself
made a number of incorrect assumptions.  As for my tone,
I do my conversational partners the courtesy of
responding to them in their preferred mode of discourse:
calm, non-emotional posts get responded to in kind,
and so do argumentive, aggressive, arrogant posts.

Guess which category your original post fits?


>I was making a observation of people who seem to dislike the game but stay a
>bitch and attack,

Feel free.  And I was making "a [sic] observation" of your
flawed analysis, *and* answering the question that you put
before the newsgroup.  So sue me.


>  You don't like the observation, Oh Well.

That works both ways, why don't you apply that
attitude towards people who have gripes about the
game but still find it worth playing overall?


> And Dan I am not going anywhere.

I never suggested that you should.  Where did that
come from?

*I'm* not the one who suggested "go away" as a
workable solution, *you* are.  Don't put it in my mouth.


>  I enjoy my time with EQ, and I learn some fun stuff here.

And gosh, so do the people who have some complaints.  I
repeat the question I asked you earlier -- was that so
hard to figure out?


>So enjoy your potshot at my marriage and at my views,  It
>matters naught to me.

It apparently mattered enough for you to go on and on about
it.  And I took no "potshot at your marriage".  Read
it again and see if you can figure out what I was really
doing -- it shouldn't be that hard, I've explained it
*twice* now.


>In the real world I solve problems,  I am a Big Brother, A Spiritual
>Counseler, and Work with Battered Women and Animals. And I do tech support
>for an ISP.
>I leave the world a better place.

I find it... interesting that you should feel the need to
give us your resume in response to my daring to find your
original post less than brilliant or accurate.

I also find it interesting that despite your alleged broad
experience with solving problems in relationships and
computer systems, you were apparently unable to grasp
the problem with the "solution" you offered in your
original post -- or do you likewise tell people, "if
you have complaints about your computer system, get rid
of it", and "if all you and do is bitch and moan about
God, why not become an atheist"?

In short, with all that counseling experience, why
were you so dismissive to the people who happen to have
EQ complaints?


>I leave the world a better place.
>Do you?

Well I certainly try to, and one of the primary ways
I do that is to promote better understanding by
explaining things.  Thus my reason for taking the
time to answer the question that you posed, and
explaining to you why some of your assumptions were
mistaken.

Little did I know that you were not actually
seeking enlightenment, you were begging for another
chance to martyr yourself by declaring how put-upon
you were.  I thought your original post was an
actual search for information.  Now, it appears
that you were just wanting to vent about how
annoying you find people who have complaints
about the game, and some of your taxi customers.
Your most recent post spent far more time
waving the "oh woe is me, he's being mean" flag
than it did discussing the issue that you
claimed to have been raising for discussion.

If you're too fragile to stand a little heat,
then I suggest that you don't start threads
where you yourself threw around an awful lot
of derision.


>::::YAWN::::

Son, feigned indifference falls sort of flat when
you've just spent the last 25 lines being huffily
indignant.



