From 557423029146649626
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b08a63786ca1cb06
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-04-23 11:44:05 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!snoopy.risq.qc.ca!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!news1.telusplanet.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <b86fg70164b@enews2.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: Monual vs. Rallos Zek the Warlord
Lines: 108
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <U9Bpa.18046$8r5.2176881@news1.telusplanet.net>
Date: Wed, 23 Apr 2003 18:44:04 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: news1.telusplanet.net 1051123444 216.232.78.121 (Wed, 23 Apr 2003 12:44:04 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 23 Apr 2003 12:44:04 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:278384


"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:b86fg70164b@enews2.newsguy.com...
>
> The uber-guild must be appraised of our situation, because I get a tell
from
> a friend of mine in the uber-guild commenting on the drops we got.  We
chat
> for a while; he comments that the uber-guild plans to "lock down" Solusek
Ro
> for a while in an attempt to keep us out of the Plane of Fire.  I bristle,
> but he assures me that we have an easy way to counter that - simply clear
> the Plane of Water while the uber-guild clears Solusek Ro.  If we do that
> often enough, the leadership will give up trying to keep us out.  Hmm.

    Water has the Coirnav event, a blowable 18 minute timed fight that only
pops once every 5 days. If CiH hasn't killed it yet, you can make sure they
never kill it (getting down there and triggering the battle isn't terribly
hard). Hopefully that point will be made to them when they try and keep the
pops-once-per-three-days Solusek Ro locked down.

> Somebody has been having fun aggroing the Seer and moving her around,
trying
> to make it more difficult for us to get our flags straightened out.  I
have
> no proof of who it might be, but I have my suspicions.

    I've heard that some of the NPCs in PoK are moving (and warping) around
on their own, too. That could be the problem. For example, you later find
the Seer in the library, beside the Librarian. When you aggro mobs in PoK,
other mobs will assist. You've seen how tough it can be for some people to
just go up the elevator normally. Now imagine pulling the Seer to the
elevator, being pounded on all the way up, and getting back out while the
entire room assists the Seer. I know you fear griefing, but in this case I'd
lean towards bug over grief.

> I gate to PoTranq and run to the nearest elemental zone line - Plane of
> Water.  I click, and my screen freezes.  Hooray!  I'm zoning into an
> elemental plane!  I arrive and find a zone empty except for a guildie bard
> that's AFK.  Happily I look around, approach the edge of the water, and
> immediately four mobs aggro me.  I blanch and immediately whirl around and
> click on what I hope is the zone-out - and find that, thankfully, I am
> correct.  I do a /who on the bard, but she's all right - still alive in
PoW.
> Perhaps the mobs won't pursue outside of the water.

    Oh, they do. I think everyone that gets flagged for the first time
trains themselves when they first zone into an elemental plane. Here's what
to expect in each:

Plane of Fire - zone out is the tree between the buildings to the left of
you when you zone in. That whole field in front of you is filled with blues
to kill, and is simple, basic XP. If you stay at the zone-in area and aren't
trained, you are safe. There are mini-nameds that can spawn in this area,
single group killable, with loot like the BST swarm pet weapon and a FT III
belt. If you want valuable drops, kill spiders for their saps (used to make
fire silk-class armour). Rare drop, but not as rare as some of the other
rare drops from Fire.

Plane of Air - zone out is the book right beside where you zone in. The
zone-in is NOT safe, as mobs do path there about once every 30 minutes. The
mobs right near zone-in are annoying in the extreme - they cast Sunbeam
(blind) and split into several smaller mobs when they die. You could, in
theory, do XP here, but odds are you'll only go to raid.

Plane of Water - zone out is the sponge thingy in the graveyard, as you
found out. Zone-in is safe unless a cleric zones in and trains. ;-) Some
mobs will leave the water, like the trilouns, but most will not, like the
fish. So any XP will involve getting everyone wet. There are mini-nameds,
pullable to the pond right beside zone-in, that have neat drops, but it'll
be a pain doing so. Tradeskill drops near zone-in are incomplete (you'll
only be able to get half of the smithing temper, for example), so this zone
is usually empty except for when people raid.

Plane of Earth: zone out is the big panel in one corner of the zone-in room.
Zone-in is safe, as long as it hasn't been trained. There's plenty of
single-pullable mobs out there, just have to be wary of the high number of
wanderers if you head in certain directions. Armadillos split upon death, so
they stink for XP. Other mobs, if killed, can mess around with the rings,
but you'll find out about that as you learn the zone. In general, if it's
yellow and not a named, leave it alone. Fair number of mini-nameds, one of
them is a named tree that drops a nice priest class FT II earring. Trees are
the best things to kill, because they drop two rare tradeskill components -
saps for silk-class armour, and bowstaves for the omfg bow. If, once you
leave the zone-in area, you hang a right and sit in the corner there, you
should be able to pull the trees in front of you and other odd mobs. This is
a great zone for XP.

> Once that's done, we'll begin attempting the elemental
> mobs.  Once again, we'll be in direct competition with the uber-guild for
> mobs.  I wonder how that's going to go.  Hopefully, better than it has
gone
> in the past.

    It depends what you try and kill. There's three types of "big nameds" in
the elemental planes - non-mold droppers, mold droppers, and gods. You won't
be trying any gods except perhaps Fennin Ro any time soon. Mold droppers are
mobs capable of dropping the quest pieces for Elemental armour, and they are
generally tough. Non-mold droppers drop VT or Ssra-level loot, but are
usually a cakewalk. Because the non-mold droppers usually have only one or
two loot items on their drop tables, you will quickly fill up with their
loot. Therefore, I doubt CiH will fight you much over the non-mold droppers.
Good luck on your explorations in the elemental planes!

    James





