From 3238227630741811875
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5d70db772faf872e,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!pd7cy2so!pd7cy1no!shaw.ca!pd7tw1no.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
X-Trace-PostClient-IP: 70.68.11.102
From: "Frank B." <fboog@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject:  - The 800-Pound Gorilla of Online Gaming is Ready To Play -
Lines: 115
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
Message-ID: <ME9fd.26295$Pl.2118@pd7tw1no>
Date: Mon, 25 Oct 2004 16:15:40 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.59.144.75
X-Complaints-To: abuse@shaw.ca
X-Trace: pd7tw1no 1098720940 64.59.144.75 (Mon, 25 Oct 2004 10:15:40 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 25 Oct 2004 10:15:40 MDT
Organization: Shaw Residential Internet
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:20734


SAN DIEGO, Oct. 25 /PRNewswire/ -- Sony Online Entertainment Inc. (SOE), a
worldwide leader in massively multiplayer online (MMO) gaming, today 
announced
that EverQuest II is scheduled to simultaneously ship to North American and
European retail stores on November 8, 2004. EverQuest II is the
highly-anticipated follow-up to Sony Online Entertainment's original
EverQuest, the most successful and longest-running 3D MMO role-playing game 
in
North America.
"After more than four years in development, the wait for EverQuest II is
almost over," said John Smedley, president, Sony Online Entertainment. 
"We've
invested heavily on development of the game to ensure that EverQuest II has
the highest production values of any online game produced to date. We want 
to
deliver a game to our players that will provide an experience like nothing
they've ever seen."
Sony Online Entertainment is delivering a truly groundbreaking MMO game in
EverQuest II with pioneering firsts in advanced 3D graphics, story, voice,
production values, and gameplay. EverQuest II features the most realistic
graphics of any MMO game ever created with a next-generation 3D graphics
engine designed to keep pace with hardware developed over the next few 
years.
Players will hear more than 70,000 lines of spoken dialogue in EverQuest II 
as
non-player characters are given voiceover for the first time ever in an MMO
game bringing the story of EverQuest II to life. EverQuest II also features
gameplay innovations that make EverQuest II fun and exciting for all types 
of
players and play styles, from hardcore gamers, to new MMO players, to those
who play in groups, and solo players.
EverQuest II comes in three versions, all of which include a 30-day
subscription (excluding SOE All Access subscriptions) to the game's online
world. The CD version and DVD versions of the game carry an SRP of $49.99 
and
include the game, an in-game item and an in-box item.
Limited quantities of the EverQuest II Collector's Edition (DVD) are
available at an SRP of $89.99. The Collector's Edition includes a number of
in-game items, including "paintings" of EverQuest II scenery to be hung on 
the
walls of a player's house, magical talking statues of Antonia and Lucan
(voiced by Hollywood talent Heather Graham and Christopher Lee), and an
exclusive pet baby dragon. The Collector's Edition also includes an 
exclusive
art book, bonus DVD with trailers, gameplay videos and behind-the-scenes
footage, a soundtrack CD, a collector's coin with a velvet pouch, a cloth 
map
of Norrath, and two posters.
EverQuest II carries a monthly subscription fee of $14.99 for continuing
access to the game world. Players can subscribe using a credit card, or
purchase SOE 30-day and 90-day Game Cards, which open the new world of 
Norrath
to those who choose not to use a credit card.

About EverQuest II
EverQuest II is the next generation of massively multiplayer gaming, a
huge online world where thousands of players come together for adventure and
community. Featuring breathtaking graphics and a vast, beautiful game world
to explore, as well as voices for almost all non-player characters, 
EverQuest
II sets new standards in gameplay and immersion. EverQuest II brings players
into its world with a powerful epic storyline and gives them the power to be
the hero or villain in their personal adventure. Players enter this world by
creating their own unique character, choosing from 16 races and 24 classes.
Players will encounter hundreds of creatures as they travel across majestic
landscapes of rolling hills, barren deserts, dense forests, and bustling
cities. Thousands of items, hundreds of spells, and unlimited adventure 
await
all who enter the world of EverQuest II. EverQuest II also features:

* A new, massive online world for thousands of players to explore,
filled with danger, adventure and mystery
* Voices for most non-player characters (NPCs) in the game, a huge
project encompassing more than 70,000 lines and 130 hours of dialog
* Unparalleled character customization capabilities. In addition to
thousands of armor, weapons and items users can equip, players will be
able to customize their character's facial appearance to an incredible
level of detail and personalization
* 16 races, dozens of levels and 24 classes with a branching system that
allows players to choose their class as they advance
* Player-owned real estate (such as apartments, homes, and guild houses)
* No race/class combination limitations, allowing players to truly
choose who they want to be in game
* New user friendly game mechanics with reduced learning curve for both
new and seasoned players
* More than 160 unique creature types, from Orcs and Goblins to huge
dragons and menacing Living Statues
* Incentives for current EverQuest subscribers
* A state-of-the-art, cinematic quality 3D graphics engine capable of
improving as hardware technology advances
* State-of-the art combat, spell and skill systems
* Trade skills available to all player classes

About Sony Online Entertainment
Sony Online Entertainment Inc. (SOE), a subsidiary of Sony Pictures
Digital Inc., is a recognized worldwide leader in massively multiplayer 
online
games, with a subscriber base of over 750,000 active accounts around the
globe. SOE creates, develops and provides compelling entertainment for the
personal computer, online, game console and wireless markets. Known for its
blockbuster franchises, EverQuest(R) and PlanetSide(R), as well as for
developing Star Wars Galaxies(TM): An Empire Divided(TM), SOE continues to
redefine the business of online gaming and the creation of active player
communities while introducing new genres on various entertainment platforms.
Headquartered in San Diego, CA, with an additional development studio in
Austin, TX, SOE has an array of cutting-edge online games in development.

EverQuest is a registered trademark of Sony Computer Entertainment America
Inc. SOE, the SOE logo and PlanetSide are registered trademarks of Sony
Online Entertainment Inc. All other trademarks and trade names are 
properties
of their respective owners.




