From -7030665812732894981
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,UTF8
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7561ff2873dbc0eb,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-02-12 13:09:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!kibo.news.demon.net!news.demon.co.uk!demon!chiisai.demon.co.uk!Nospam
From: NoSpam <Nospam@chiisai.demon.co.uk>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Time to Polish up on your P's and Q's, Urdu, Hindi, Punjabi and Sanskrit (Long Insert)
Date: Thu, 12 Feb 2004 21:09:02 +0000
Organization: Everagain
Lines: 92
Message-ID: <c0+0+1Fut+KAFwrY@chiisai.demon.co.uk>
NNTP-Posting-Host: chiisai.demon.co.uk
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;charset=utf-8;format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: news.demon.co.uk 1076620147 14968 158.152.84.82 (12 Feb 2004 21:09:07 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: abuse@demon.net
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 12 Feb 2004 21:09:07 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: Turnpike/6.02-U (<Ehvz5+4dx$uH8O7DiaOVcr4mUf>)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:19044

HI all

Found this glorious piece of corporate speak on the Sony Everquest 
Technical forum.

http://boards.station.sony.com/ubb/everquest/Forum3/HTML/051407.html

----------------------------------------- Insert text 
---------------------------------------

Greetings,

My name is D. Scott Mattson and I am the Executive Director of Customer 
Service for Sony Online Entertainment. I have 15 years experience in the 
Customer Service industry with an emphasis on Call Center Management in 
the high tech arena. Before coming to Sony Online Entertainment I worked 
as Director of Player Relations and Product Management for the 
Electronic Arts Company. I had the pleasure of launching multiple MMOG 
titles at EA as well as managing the day-to day operations of the in 
game staff of all the online game titles for EA. I am thrilled to be at 
Sony Online Entertainment and wanted to communicate to you the many new 
improvements that we will be providing to our customers to enhance our 
quality, streamline our operations and improve our response times. 
Please let me have your attention for a few moments to outline these 
improvements.

First, we have been working on our knowledge base for the past few weeks 
so that we can establish a solid foundation for our Tier 0 support (Tier 
0 support is where the customer can run a query to find their own 
answer). As we are finding that people are familiarizing themselves with 
search engines, we feel that our knowledge base is a user friendly tool 
for our customers to seek answers on their own. We have recently 
completed a full audit of solutions for all of our games, so any 
solution that you find should be up to date. Of course there will be 
situations where you will not find your answer, this is where you can 
help us make our database be the best it can be by letting us know that 
we need to add a solution or make a modification to an existing FAQ. We 
feel strongly that the knowledge base will be the cornerstone of our 
service and as such we will focus resources there in partnership with 
you, the customer. Of course there will be cases where you will need to 
contact a Customer Service Representative, but we are confident that the 
majority of your answers can be resolved through our knowledge base. 
Currently, you will find our knowledge base at our website and inside 
Star Wars Galaxies through the Holocron interface. Our plan is to 
implement access to our knowledge base inside the game client for all of 
our online products. By doing this, we are confident that the majority 
of your questions will be answered immediately rather than waiting for a 
CSR to respond.

Secondly, we have expanded our support into other areas in the world. 
The United Kingdom has been providing support for all of games for the 
past few months as well as outsource partners in India. This has helped 
us immensely during the off-peak hours, holidays and during regular 
business hours. With their support, we are able to provide a much more 
robust service around the clock utilizing a “follow the sun” support 
model.

Finally, we are actively improving our current tools to respond to our 
customers quickly and effectively. We understand that it could take some 
time to receive a response to your petition, so we are enhancing our 
petitioning tool to make it easier to respond to our customers quickly. 
As we integrate better tools to help our customers, the response rate to 
your questions should significantly decrease.

These are just a few of the high level enhancements we are making to our 
In-game Customer Service to make your experience a better one. Thank you 
for your patience now and in the future as we work hard to offer better 
and improved service.

D. Scott Mattson
Executive Director of Customer Service
Sony Online Entertainment

------------------------------- End Insert 
--------------------------------------

Translation

We are cutting costs by moving to a cheaper location. So we cut the time 
people are on hold. So you can talk to someone who is not quite sure 
what you are on about when you say your having a problem in Everfrost.

So they look at their knowledge base for the fridge manufacturer that 
shares the out source service.

And give you their reply!

Humm! They actually  might get a response that works.

I couldn't be worse than it is at the moment<grin>
-- 
Denzil


