From -1595953411326143340
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cee65eb2190d50af
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-09-17 04:19:33 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!headwall.stanford.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!elnk-nf2-pas!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!newsfeed2.easynews.com!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!border3.nntp.aus1.giganews.com!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3F684303.D11B2A4F@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Master Looters
References: <3f675c0f_2@corp.newsgroups.com> <3F67660E.89E0BF90@dejazzd.com> <_dP9b.5829$UN4.2640@newsread3.news.pas.earthlink.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 141
Date: Wed, 17 Sep 2003 11:26:25 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.254.149
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1063797985 66.109.254.149 (Wed, 17 Sep 2003 07:26:25 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 17 Sep 2003 07:26:25 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:300588



Tim Smith wrote:

> In article <3F67660E.89E0BF90@dejazzd.com>, Lance Berg wrote:
> > loot out with the /split command, nothing could be simpler.   Rogues are
> > best for this job, they fit the description perfectly plus if they are ML
> > they can practice pickpocket all they like, because all the loot is ending
> > up in their bags anyway.  This means there is no more reason to suspect
> > them of stealing from the group than with any other class doing ML, a
> > marked improvement; if they aren't ML there's always a slight cloud of
> > suspicion trailing around after them.
>
> Another good point for Rogues is that they have no mana, so aren't blowing
> med time looting.
>

Yes, they fit my description of the ideal ML, "someone who doesn't need to sit
down at all, nor be off pulling".  Monks are often off pulling and really
shouldn't be taking all that weight, unless they have a full set of 100% WR bags
and even then, there's the money to think of.  Warriors are another decent
choice, of course, also no mana and not all that often designated puller, plus
tend to have higher str.  Everyone else is medding or pulling or both... well
bards not using charm might not be medding, but they are very busy, or they are
taking a well deserved rest.

>
> I'd like to see Sony implement a good autosplit.  It would work like this:
>
> 1. For coin, give everyone their share of each kind of coin.  Distribute any
> leftovers randomly.  Example: 4 person group loots 6p 3g.  Everyone gets 1p,
> 2 picked at random get another 1p, 3 picked at random get another 1g.
>

This is a good idea, beating out their current "looter gets the leftovers" plan,
fair over the long run, yet not breaking their sacred "its not good roleplaying
to split coins up into change for your convenience", in fact it beats it two
ways, randomizing the "gets the leftovers" part, and splitting the leftovers up
so they aren't overwhelmingly unfair anyway.  WIth the current system, its
possible for the looter to get 5pp 5gp 5sp and 5cp while everyone else gets
nothing at all... I was going to figure out how unfair this is when I realized
the "nothing at all" part made it "undefined".  Lets assume for the sake of
arguement that 11 cp dropped so then the looter gets 5pp 5gp 5sp 6cp and
everyone else gets 1cp, thats 5556 to 1 ratio in favor of the looter.

>
> 2. For dropable items, distribute randomly.  For LORE items, skip people who
> already have one, of course.  Everyone in the group gets a message saying
> who got the item, and giving a link to the item.
>
> 3. For no-drop items, when anyone tries to loot the item, they get a
> confirmation box, and everyone in the group gets a message with a link to
> the item, and a list of all players in the group who match the
> race/class/diety requirements for the item.  The list is in random order
> (this is meant to replace manual rolling).  The group can use this
> information to decide who gets the item.
>
> This system would mean that dropable class specific items would go to people
> not of that class.  I don't see that as a problem.  If, say, a 5k plat
> Wizard spell drops and I'm the only Wizard in the group, I don't see why it
> should automatically go to me.  The other group members would find it
> useful, too--they could sell it in the Bazaar and use that 5k to buy
> something they can use.  Before the Bazaar, when it was a real pain in the
> ass to convert items for other classes into something you could use, it made
> sense to give preference in looting to people who could and would use the
> thing, but with the Bazaar, everyone can use almost every expensive dropable
> item.

Well thought out and balanced and fair, but I think this method of dealing with
drops has a few flaws.  For one thing, there are plenty of people who aren't
interested in most drops; trade skill items, for example, that sell for a few
gold each.  Again just using OT as an example, you see drops of ruined pelts,
sabertooth hides, cat hides, on and on.  Worth something, yes, to a trade
skiller or a dedicated bazaar merchant.  But the vast majority of players are
neither, and are happy to see all the hides go to someone who is interested.
Research components especially fall into this category, the vast majority are
destroyed or vendorized.  Your method will stuff all the players in a group with
this stuff willy nilly, and be a pain for those who aren't interested, and for
those who are; who will then have to try talking random groupmate X into finding
the item in his pack and handing it over.. again and again as the evening
progresses.   There are also people who really can't handle the influx of junk
like this; monks in particular, but really most pure casters have abyssimal
strengths, and often have quite limited bag space; I know my mage can only take
on any real quantity of loot if he deliberately summons up several dimensional
holes, otherwise he's overloaded with no more than 20 lbs of drops.  My bard has
instruments and weapons in general inventory slots, leaving only 4 bag slots
free, and they have a good deal of items in them already, more instruments and
weapons, plus common reagents and his next couple level songs; he's going to be
full in a hurry if you start autodumping loot on him.

One thing I'd like to see added is an "opt out" for autosplit, this would
address many of the problems above.  People who don't want loot could put their
"nolootforme" flag on and the split would go to the remaining 5 (or 4, 3, 2)
instead.  Or better still "no coppers", "no silvers or less" even "no gold or
less" in addition to "no coins"; the sheer mass of copper you accumulate in mid
to high level camps is astounding and continuously destroying it can be a bit of
a pain.  This would mean a slight boost to the income of the strong and
unencumbered, which is nice because it would mean at least some benefit to the
str stat most complain is useless.  Then adding a "no items" would allow the
autosplitting of trivial drops as you suggest, and the fact that you've included
a "who looted what" and a link would mean it would still be possible to rand off
real droppable items.

It also takes away part of the fun of adventuring when you enforce full random
even on usable items.  One of the joys of the game is in going out, defeating
some difficult monsters, and finding something on them that you can use; this is
far more visceral than finding something you can sell for cash.  Having someone
who can't use that item you need get it is crushing to the spirit, worse than
not seeing it drop at all.  Now for the most part, this doesn't happen, because
due to mudflation most people are using better items than they see dropping
during most of the game.  Makes sense, you loot 10 of item X thats usable by
your class, then you sell all 10 and buy 1 item thats 10 times as good.  Now
level up one or two levels and go to a slightly harder place, you still aren't
going to be getting items 10 times as good as item X.

What else.  Oh, as long as we are dreaming, a "destroy all" button down there
above the "done" button on a mob's loot.  Why should we have to loot it up, then
move the items manually to the destroy button one at a time after finding them
in our bags?  Worse, if you have a lore item and another drops, now you have to
find that lore item in your bag, destroy it, only then can you loot the next
one.  Very often mob corpses are left to rot with the cash stripped off but junk
items left on, which can really muck up targetting for people who can't simply
use assist (IE mezzers and ghetto mezzers and debuff casters and charmers, and
the designated MT for that matter) as well as contributing to zone lag.  If
you've established that nobody in your group wants those Cactus Quills that keep
dropping off every other Succulent, then just hit the Destroy button when you
see them.  Send a group message automatically linking whats been destroyed, so
the person who desperately needed one can scream... but then the next time one
drops hopefully people will let him loot it.

Sorry the examples are all OT based, can you tell where I've spent the past 6
levels?  But if you want to practice grouping, the trick is to go where the
groups are.

Splendid One, 36 Gnomage, Firiona Vie








