From -8262554582334086902
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2512232d97c58a71,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-29 11:35:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!nntp1.phx1.gblx.net!nntp.gblx.net!nntp.gblx.net!pln-w!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews2
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Yet Another Ragefire Rant
Date: Mon, 29 Jul 2002 13:08:36 -0500
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 101
Message-ID: <ai40ac01jih@enews2.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-922.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:217724

OK, so, finally got my singed scroll from the Overking. This took an
annoyingly long time, since my guild doesn't have a rogue. We finally hooked
up with another guild; they provided the non-KOS rogue, we provided the
non-KOS mage. They traipsed merrily through the palace, rogue opened the
locked door, mage Call-of-the-Hero'd us in, and we proceeded to do a couple
of cycles of King / Prince.
(As an aside, just as we were getting ready for our first Overking fight -
the one designated for myself - we got a GM message: Servers coming down in
fifteen minutes for an emergency patch. Quickly, we pulled the Overking and
eight of his best friends. Chanters frantically mezzed, we took down
Overking. I stood over his corpse while half a dozen people screamed "Loot!"
in my ear. Finally I was able to loot and the raid evac'd with five minutes
to spare. Even more amazingly, the scroll was still there in my inventory
after the emergency patch. We re-formed the raid and did one more cycle.)

Anyway, recently a Ragefire list was created for Drinal. The requirement to
get on the list is to take a screenshot of your Swirling Pearl (yes, these
can be faked, but we're not terribly worried about forgeries at this point).
So dutifully I went to SolB and found Ragefire up there, got my pearl, took
a screen shot, and sent it in to the queue moderator. I checked the list,
and my heart sank.

I am 28th on the list.

Given an average of five days per pop, I'll get my epic around Christmas
maybe. There was muted outrage in my guild over this fact, with some
murmurings that we should ignore the list and just take out the Skyfire
version of Ragefire the next time he pops. I made it quite clear I would not
allow this to happen.

And yet, I cannot help but sympathize. Ragefire lists remind me a lot of MLM
schemes: great if you get in on the scheme early, a terrible mistake if
you're one of the last to join. While my small guild suffers from the fact
that we have no epic cleric, I have to sit and watch for months while others
line up to get theirs.

I can't help but yearn for the old days of free-for-all. My guild is quite
motivated and sufficiently powerful to take down Ragefire easily. We could
easily camp Ragefire, mobilize our forces, and take him down quickly. I
could, right now, sit and camp him for days until he pops. We're ready,
we're eager, and we're willing to try and race other folks who want Ragefire
for themselves. We *want* a free-for-all; we think we can come out on top.

But... well, I remember a time when one guild got three consecutive Ragefire
spawns for their clerics. Because they had a lot of folks that were quite
powerful, they could just swoop down and take Ragefire at will. This isn't
necessarily fair to the other clerics on the server, who are equally eager
to get their epic but don't have the firepower at their disposal to compete
with the bigs. Belonging to an uber guild should *not* be a requirement for
getting the cleric epic. The second person on the Drinal Ragefire list is
unguilded; certainly without this list, that cleric would be hard-pressed to
ever get their epic.

So, our choices are to either go back to the days where everyone fought with
each other over Ragefire and guilds were kill-stealing each other and
powerful guilds were monopolizing Ragefire at the expense of the smaller
guilds and unguilded clerics. Or we can use the list, which means that some
clerics will have to wait months for their epics. I can easily see the list
growing until it's a year-long wait.

Argh. Moral dilemma... brain imploding...

I have to sit and simmer while our guild chanter prepares to get her epic
next weekend after getting her drop from the prince in Chardok. We're also
planning on getting one of our officers, a Beastlord, his epic... which will
take one day from beginning to end. Meanwhile I will have to wait five
months while I watch other clerics - who belong to guilds that have *plenty*
of epic clerics - merrily get their epic.

The fault, of course, is Verant's, who came up with this lame system because
they felt a need to control the rate at which cleric epics would enter the
world. I dunno, I somehow doubt that the Drinal server would suddenly come
unglued if 28 cleric epics were unleashed in one day. I really really wish
Ragefire was on a faster timer. What harm could it really do?

/flame Verant
/flame Ragefire list
/flame my own impatient greedy nature

That having been said, I have every intention of respecting the list, and
under no circumstances will I allow my guild to circumvent it. I will do
nothing at all, ever, to disrupt the attempt being made to overcome the
Ragefire madness by using an orderly list.   I think the Ragefire list is
the least of all evils when it comes to the Ragefire camp; I can think of no
better option.

I just wish the whole Ragefire thing wasn't so screwed up. I just wish I
could get my epic sooner.

What do y'all think?


------------------
-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
60th Cleric of Rodcet Nife on Drinal
Avengers of Honour





