From 7480154397582197275
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e0ab79c8e19e1a07
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 25 Jul 2004 19:24:36 -0500
Date: Sun, 25 Jul 2004 20:24:36 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Grage's Coldain Rings (2)
References: <bqqdnaNDealrL5_cRVn-uQ@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <bqqdnaNDealrL5_cRVn-uQ@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <H9mdne9rcJjY0pncRVn-gg@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 65
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.216.167.170
X-Trace: sv3-yawjpmpfHcMfCWOyZNE2FNvh/Ek2Tb7kHrrhSIfR9Duv6daWE7JNgtjODCuuQhjLCSG4rTEJg4+Sxta!0iJFGaHxtjYVF2yY7988fucVlR76Wv14u9T9zeYPvObjHoNqWoWL29ZuFY+FkVoskbLXf1qHuAt2
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11000



Lance Berg wrote:


> Got the blunt axe to hand to his nephew, but looking at that quest I 
> dont' think I can solo it as a 42 berzerk, I'll wait till I have a 
> friend or two on.


Enchanter friend on and the two of us with nothing much to do and an 
itch to try something different, we went for my ring 2.  Got all buffed 
up, found Boradain, handed him the axe.

Little guy is real annoying, not only executing the classic slow walk of 
this type of quest mob, but periodically sitting down and waiting for 
nothing in particular.

We kept him lulled, and lulled mobs in his path... I did have to stop 
the chanter from lulling rhinos and mammoths, which aren't aggro.

Someone had killed the mobs at the giant fort before we got there, so 
that was easy.

Then off we went to the prison, which wasn't on my map... so there was 
lots of running ahead along his path and trying to remember where it 
was... found it (duh, its the place I've spent major portions of many 
character's lives on the outskirts of, hunting Ulthorks and walrus!) but 
of course there's nothing resembling a gate like at the giant and orc 
forts, so we weren't sure where he'd actually head.  Turns out he wants 
the spot where there's a single frost giant and a rygorr in a little 
walled nich.  Well, we manage to screw this up, I'm killing the frostie 
and chanter the orc, and a roaming ulthork comes up and ganks the coldain.

I'm pretty sure that now that we know exactly where he's going to go 
that we can make the lull plan, but the chanter wants to bring her 
beastlord in instead, so I run off to get a fresh axe while she brings 
the beastlord, and we meet up back at the hilltop.

New plan; this time I run along with the dwarf and kill adds, beastlord 
will kill the gate guards.   Actually, he's clear of adds when nearing 
the potential kill spots, and I end up also running forward and picking 
off one of the pair in each case, although the beastlord finishes hers 
faster than I do; she then takes over and I go after the dwarf, who 
invariably has moved off by the time one is dead.

Never once on this run does the little guy go after a single mob; 
anything near his path gets swept out and killed out of his line of 
movement.  Finally he arrives back where he started, and immediately I 
spot the rabid kodiak... fighting a savage dire wolf!  I hit the wolf in 
the rump (don't want it getting the kill shot, then tank the kodiak 
down, then tank the wolf down, while the beastlord watches over the 
sitting dwarf.  I loot the pelt, run it over to him have the Give window 
up when he poofs.

Luckily the pelt is back in my inventory.  I go check allakhazam and 
find that this is OK, we won't have to do the run all over again.  We go 
play among the rygorr for a bit, come back, he's up, I run off to 
Garadain, pick up another axe, come back and give it to him, then once 
he changes (from indiff to apprehensive, in my case), give him the pelt, 
get the broken axe, run off to Garadain again, hand in axe and my first 
ring and get second ring.

Grage, 43 Berserk, Luclin



