From 1821642208895188051
X-Google-Thread: fb739,96a8342eb03ae72d
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,96a8342eb03ae72d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid100ff8,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!tdsnet-transit!newspeer.tds.net!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-08!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg
Subject: Re: EQ2 NDA Lifted
Date: Fri, 15 Oct 2004 20:11:55 -0700
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10n146etm77jk11@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <10n0tshs7nvno57@news.supernews.com> <rru0n059vrqgsu3sudbaida1atam96feif@4ax.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 156
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:19426 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:19104


"Ben Sisson" <ilkhanikeDIESPAM@yahoo.ca> wrote in message 
news:rru0n059vrqgsu3sudbaida1atam96feif@4ax.com...

>>Looks like we're going live soon. ;-)
>
> Before WoW?
>
> That is a major mistake if it happens.

Most of the channel-fueled speculation has centered around November 15 as 
the date, but I have yet to see an official date announcement. I don't doubt 
that WoW plays into the plans here at some level but I doubt it's the 
controlling factor; I'm sure the marketing plans have been in place for some 
time. The timing of the NDA lift may be related to WoW momentum, but the 
release is probably tracking their most recent plans.

In any case, most of the major game systems are in place and working, but 
there are still thousands of bugs and things that just don't work right. I'm 
here now because the Antonica zone crashed and it's not yet back up. I'd 
estimate that it's well ahead of where SWG was at the same time, probably 
more ready than the original EQ was at launch, but not as smooth as DAoC was 
at launch. Certainly much more content than DAoC had (or probably has, for 
that matter, but I'm not familiar with it anymore).

I guess my bottom line summary is that I'm enjoying the game a *lot*, 
there's a ton of content and things to do. The crafting system is  deep and 
complex albeit quite controversial (first crafting system I've ever used 
that routinely kills people who aren't paying attention), the quest system 
is seemingly infinite even if not as polished and hand holding as WoW's; and 
the combat system is fun, if not as tactically challenging as I've seen. At 
any given time I can choose to go out and hunt a huge variety of mobs across 
many diverse zones, or I can go questing for experience and great loot, or I 
can craft. I do all three and I keep plenty busy. Very immersive and 
compehensive, there is no wanting of things to do.

The locking mechanism for combat is different from Wow's in one important 
respect. When someone initiates combat against a mob, the encounter is 
locked and no one else can get credit for the kills. However, no one else 
can even damage the mob so contention evaporates instantly, you don't have 
20 people firing spells at the same mob waiting to see who was first. As 
soon as someone engages the mob, if you then attempt to attack it you will 
get a message indicating that the mob is already engaged and that will be 
the end of that. Subtle, but important difference.

Combat isn't as tactically interesting as I would like to see it. Although 
it's not engage and go get a cup of coffee, there aren't nearly as many 
choices and challenges available to keep you on your toes in the way that 
you'd expect from EQ. Mobs are all designated as Solo or Group. If you 
attack a Solo, it will come alone. If you click on a mob designated Group, 
you will see highlighted every mob that is near it that is part of its 
group, so you always know what will come if you choose to pull it. You can't 
split the groups, so most combat is pre-ordained to be you and your group vs 
whatever it is you targeted. There is still proximity aggro, so you do have 
to remain careful about getting adds, but with any kind of common sense you 
can pretty much limit your exposure to just what you're expecting. This is a 
mixed bag for those who enjoyed the tactics of splitting groups and pulling 
strategies, but it's a huge relief for soloers and anyone who just wants to 
know what he's getting into when he pulls.

The world is huge. I've been in the game for a couple of months now and have 
taken two characters forward, one to level 20 Mystic/14 Scholar, and the 
other to 16 Shaman/19 Scholar. I've spent a lot of time adventuring and 
exploring and I've yet to leave the continent. The map of the world that is 
accessible (not very helpful other than to provide some sense of scope) 
shows several continents that I've yet to step into, and I know that I 
haven't even seen 20% of my starting continent. There is no shortage of 
content for release. How the high end looks at this point I don't know, but 
there aren't that many players higher than 30's and 40's and only a handful 
of those. The reports I've seen from the high end players indicate that many 
of the high end encounters still need work. I've yet to participate in a 
raid, or even seen any zones higher than mid-twenties.

One thing I don't like is the ease of travel between the two big cities. 
It's not quite PoP books, but there's something close. Every town has a dock 
with bells that you can ring to arrange for instantaneous transportation to 
another zone. For the most part, these are simply taxis to different suburbs 
of the main cities (Qeynos and Freeport, respectively good and evil), and 
the big hunting zones (Antonica and The Commonlands, respectively) are still 
mostly traversible via foot and there is lots of ground to cover, these two 
major zones are HUGE. So the bells don't do you much good other than to 
simplify some of the running around you would do from one zone in to another 
in the various villages and noob hunting areas surrounding the two cities, 
they don't take you to the major hunting zones or dungeons. This system was 
fine as it was, but they added something to it recently that really chaps 
me. You can take one of the bells from the docks in the Thundering Steppes 
(good side) to one of the zones in the bad side, and thus travel virtually 
instantly from Qeynos to Freeport, without having to traverse the huge 
distances between them. This is a new addition and I remember when I first 
entered beta making plans to make the trek as a memorial to my first EQ 
treak from Qeynos to Freeport at level 5. You can still do that, and when I 
first entered beta there were some brave souls who actually attempted this, 
but it's a brutal trip and you most folks died many times trying. Now, with 
the bell for this trip in place, I'm not sure many will even try that 
anymore. Too bad, it shrinks the world a bit. But, as far as I know, this is 
still the only easy linkage between the continents, and only two of them at 
that (out of ... hmm, a dozen? I forget).

The other neat travel option is the Griffin. In the two big hunting zones 
(Antonica and Commonlands) there is a little shack with a griffin inside. It 
goes to three different desintations within the zone and you can catch it 
from any of the three to go to any of the other two. It's quite handy and 
neatly divides up most of Antonica into the Oracles area, the Steppes area 
and the Qeynos gates area. But the nice thing about is the method of flight. 
You are literally on the back of a griffin and the flight model is just 
gorgoues, dipping and swerving exactly as you would expect a real griffin 
(lol) to fly. If you're at all sensitive to motion sickness, this one might 
make you a bit weazy, it's that good a ride. Fun idea, and beats the hell 
out of a boat. It's a real time flight that actually traversese the 
landscape so you'll see mobs and players in real time on the ground as you 
pass them, and it's a good way to get familiar with the overall layout of 
the zone, passing all of the major landmarks (oops, we just swooped under 
that acqueduct bridge)!

Loot is fun and plentiful. Obviously there is not yet mudflation so you 
still realize the joy of almost always looting cool stuff that you can use 
NOW. Quests produce some of the nicest items, though the crafting world 
looks like it's going to supply some of the best items for a long time until 
raiding becomes more common. In addition to the usual /random feature (just 
added this last patch), there is a Lotto system that allows everyone who 
opts in on a Lottery to have a random shot at winning and being 
automatically awarded whatever has dropped. So after the kill, the lotto 
screen comes up, you hit Accept or Decline to participate or not, and 
there's a random done and whoever wins gets it in their inventory. No mess, 
no fuss, no fighting over loot. Items I've seen have some very nice stat 
boosts that make your guildies drool when you link them in chat. One of the 
most interesting types of loot object is the quest object. A scroll, an Eye, 
a bone, whatever, a quest object isn't obvious at first, but if you examine 
it you might see a quest present itself to you and then get put into your 
quest journal. These are cool, and provide some of the nicest quests and 
quest rewards, and I'm always on the lookout for them. One of the first 
quest objects that you'll find in Antonica is the Bootstrutter's Almanac, 
and examination of this object gives you the Antonica Tour quest, a 
multi-part quest that requires you to visit many of the more dangerous and 
esoteric sites within the entire zone of Antonica. It's a great idea for 
getting you a nice starting reward and a good introduction to the breadth of 
this primary zone. If you hear dozens of people shouting "Where's the 
Shattered Vale", you know they're probably working the Antonica Tour quest.

More to say later, but the servers just came back up. Woot!

-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Dwarven Mystic and Sage
Citizen of Qeynos

Elder Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie









