From 8187343717721166076
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7a888f199f16d930,start
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,7a888f199f16d930,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,gid100ff8,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg
Subject: EQ2: Combat
Date: Sun, 24 Oct 2004 01:39:50 -0700
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10nmqd4ljd9u061@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 328
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:20578 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:20417

Since I've reached level 21 in Alchemy and there still are no Alchemy 
recipes in the game, I decided to go back to adventuring fulltime and get 
some better exposure to the combat system. I had already done my subclass 
quest at 18, so I was ready at Ding 20 to become a Mystic. Immediately upon 
dinging, I got my new subclass and was awarded my first subclass spell, 
Ursine Elder, my bear form. This is a pretty nice spell that raises both HP 
and Power by a really significant amount. And it comes with a sit animation. 
;-)

Anyway, I've been focusing on combat recently, so I thought I'd share a few 
observations. First, much has been said about the handholding that EQ2 does 
with combat and the con system. There is indeed a lot more information 
provided than with many other MMOGs and I've commented on some of these. But 
after having played it a couple of months I've learned that some of my 
initial observations were just wrong. And, SOE has changed a few things 
recently, even though I see reports from others based on old informatoin. So 
herewith the latest info on combat in EQ2, as it stands *today*.

The Con system

Mobs give different levels of experience when you kill them, and this is 
indicated by the color that they "con" to you when you "consider" them. The 
scale is related to difficulty and relative level to you, but it's more 
complex than it appears:

gray = no experience, the mob is way below your level and no challenge to 
you
green = minimal experience, the mob is multiple levels below you
light blue = moderate experience, the mob is below your level
white = decent experience, the mob is your level
light yellow = good experience, the mob is just above your level
yellow = very good experience, the mob is a couple levels above you
yellow orange = excellent experience, the mob is several levels above you
red = maximum experience, the mob is many levels above you

EQ2 has TLC (Trivial Loot Code) which means that if the mob cons grey, you 
won't get experience or any of the "chests" the mobs drop as special loot. 
There are three types of rewards that mobs can give when you kill them. 
First, there's the common loot that they all can drop, like canine saliva 
from a dog (this can be used as a liquid component in tradeskilling) or a 
beetle carcass. In other words, junky vendor fodder or tradeskill stuff. 
Second, mobs will sometimes drop a chest. The chest varies in size and the 
larger it is, the cooler the special item inside. Armor, spells, books, 
weapons, jewelry, this is where the cool stuff is. Every chest is generally 
trapped, and although anyone can force open a chest, the result of setting 
off a trap can be lethal. You pays your ticket and you takes your chances. 
Any scout class can Disarm the trap pretty easily. The third type of reward 
you can get from killing a mob is a quest reward. If a quest calls for you 
to kill the mob, then you may get a Quest journal update on the screen when 
the mob dies, indicating that your quest journal has been updated to reflect 
that you've met the goal. The Trivial Loot Code prevents you from getting 
the experience and the chest loot, but it does not prevent you from getting 
the common vendor fodder loot or the quest update. This allows you to 
complete quests with mobs of any level if you happened to bypass a key quest 
mob on your way up leveling, without allowing you to farm the mob for its 
loot or experience.

Notice that although you can surmise your chances against a mob based on con 
color alone, and there is a text message generally indicating your chances, 
it's not as simple as "white will be harder than blue". There are many cases 
when this will not be true, covered below.

Some mobs will get aggressive and attack you if you get near them (proximity 
aggro) and some will ignore you unless you attack them. The Kill on Sight 
(KOS) mobs have red outlines on their names. Whatever color it happens to 
con to you, if its name is outlined in red, it's KOS to you and if not there 
is no chance of proximity aggro.

Mobs are designated either as "Solo" or as "Group". Initially I thought this 
meant that grouped mobs were linked with others that would all join in an 
attack and Solo were lone mobs that did not Bring a Friend (BAF). This is 
not the case. What this actually means is that any encounter (whether one 
mob or multiple) will be designated as "Solo" if it is intended to be fought 
by a single player soloing. If an encounter is designated "Group" (whether a 
single mob or a group of mobs) it means that the encounter is intended to be 
fought by a group of players. You can fight a group of linked mobs that are 
all marked "Solo" or you can fight a single mob that is not linked to any 
other mob and carries the designation "Group".

Whenever you click on a mob, the names of any mobs linked with it will 
highlight. Thus, in a group of 20 mobs, you can click on one and see that 
six of them are linked together, and fourteen are not related to that mob. 
So, if you attack that mob, six will come and fourteen will not, unless of 
course you happen to aggro any of the others. Adds are always possible from 
proximity aggro or someone setting off an AOE that aggros non KOS mobs in 
the area. Additionally, there are many more wanderers in this game than in 
any that I've seen, and they are active, pathing around and in between other 
groups with wide berths of patrol. So adds are always a factor and in fact 
most deaths in my experience have resulted from mishandled and unanticipated 
adds.

Some mobs have special indicators under their name designating them as more 
or less difficult than they appear. These indicators are up arrows and down 
arrows. Down arrows indicate that the mob is less dangerous than it appears 
(an overcon) and up arrows indicate that it's more dangerous than appears 
(an undercon). These range from one to two down arrows and one to two up 
arrows. If you see a mob with two up arrows over its head, no matter what 
color it cons, it's going to be a lot tougher than it looks. You can't tell 
how much exactly the under or over is and there is no indication of why a 
mob is so designated. Some mobs have special attacks that give them higher 
damage output or special abilities and this can warrant an up arrow or two. 
Last night in Vermin Snye we fought some non aggro dung beetles that  were 
double up-arrow white and light yellow Group cons. Not having fought them 
before, none of us had any idea why they were so designated. It turns out 
they had a NASTY Riposte that was ripping us up until we realized that 
Riposte works here as it does in EQLive and once we were able to position 
ourselves properly we were able to avoid a lot of the damage from this 
special attack. I learned this the hard way by taking a direct frontal 
attack that took a 675 HP chunk out of my 852HP and killed me on the spot.

Earlier in the evening we ran across Amaylia the Rat Queen, a quest mob that 
most of us needed but none of us had previously seen. At level 20 she conned 
double-up white Group and had 3 rat friends linked to her, all white Group 
cons with no arrows. Our party with Templar, Mystic, Rogue, Predator and 
Wizard wiped twice to her. A tank would have helped, but we weren't able to 
find one and the lack of aggro consolidation coupled with a group comprised 
of 2 healers and 3 DPS hardhitters was just too much to manage. But the real 
killer was that she was a caster and not just a healer, she was a wicked 
offensive wizard with an AE that burned us to a crisp while we were trying 
to manage the fight. It wasn't even close and I'm advising that we not 
attempt her again unless we have a full group of 20+, with tank. I'd like to 
have a chanter for the friends, but we'll have to see what we can do next 
time we try her.

In my experience, the presence of double up arrows is like a red con in 
EQLive. You have no idea if it means "just out of reach" or "what would you 
like your tombstone to say". In addition to special attacks and active 
casters who root, nuke and do mental damage, there are summoners who summon 
companions, and some wild special cases who do things like call up every mob 
in the zone to come down on you. You don't know when you approach a double 
up-arrow exactly what you're going to face. Most of the time a single double 
up-arrow yellow Group mob is a good target for a full group, but just when 
you start to get comfortable with that, you run up against a Rat Queen who 
owns you silly.

Locked Encounters

If you take aggressive action against a mob, the encounter becomes locked 
and a small lock icon appears next to your name and the mobs' name for 
everyone else to see (you don't actually see it). This indicates to all 
other players that no one but you or your group can have any effect 
whatsoever on the mob during the combat. This prevents any kind of 
killstealing since up to this point there is no "ownership" of the mob. If 
you haven't attacked it, you don't own it and anyone else can take it. Note 
that getting aggro alone does not lock an encounter, you must actively 
attack the mob to lock the encounter. So if you happen to acquire proximity 
aggro from a wanderer and stand there stupefied wondering what to do, 
someone nearby could attack the mob and save you from your demise or just 
experience kill the mob themselves. Also, you can choose to /yell which will 
automatically break the lock and allow anyone else to then directly affect 
the mob. When this happens, the mob gains one of those universal "No" 
circles-with-slashes next to its name and everyone can see that it's an 
unlocked encounter, which means that no one, neither you nor the player who 
kills it, will get experience, loot of any kind, or quest rewards from this 
mob.

Up until recently, you were not able to heal or buff other players unless 
grouped with them. This has been relaxed somewhat so that you can in fact 
cast healing spells now on others non grouped, but still only if they are 
not in a locked encounter. So in the case of the guy who catches wanderer 
aggro, you could heal the guy and then kill the mob yourself and gain full 
experience and loot. In the case of the guy who has initiated combat (and 
thus locks the encounter) and then gives up, running away and /yelling, you 
can then heal him and kill the mob but neither of you will get experience, 
loot or quest credit. Or, you can just walk to someone out of the blue and 
heal them. I routinely heal crafters in the tradeskill areas who are taking 
damage as they're learning the system, something I wasn't able to do up 
until recently.

Grouping and Raiding

Groups consist of two-to-six players and all the usual conventions apply. 
You can invite anyone in the same zone to your group and can do so right 
from the LFG tool (a very cool and thorough tool). You can change leaders 
via /makeleader, and the leader can set group options, including whether to 
Lotto the loot or FFA it. They recently added /random to the game too.

The group window displays the usual Health and Power bars for each player 
(but not pets that I've seen), and also displays in a line below these bars, 
icons for any effects on individual players. So you can see whether a single 
member of your group has been Slowed or Diseased, etc., and can apply a 
specific response to that player alone.

I can't really speak to Raiding yet because I haven't seen any of the 
raiding content. But I have experienced the raiding window. ;-)  If you are 
group leader and invite someone who is group leader of another group and 
they accept, they will join your raid and a nice raid window pops up that 
looks similar to the EQLive raiding window but is more colorful and supports 
only 4 groups max (for 24 max size raid).

Death and Debt

I've addressed this topic at length in other posts so I won't go into much 
detail here, other than to reiterate my firm belief after living with it for 
a couple of months, I'm convinced that it provides a substantial 
disincentive against dying. I've read accounts of those who say it doesn't 
and I honestly don't know what those people are smoking. Most players don't 
want debt, most players don't appreciate debt, and nearly everyone avoids it 
as much as possible. In fact, it's a system that is ideally suited to a game 
of this type because it distributes the penalty of death in such a way that 
the level of pain inflicted matches up with the type of player. What I mean 
by this is that if you're a casual player who isn't in a hurry to level and 
doesn't care about gear and stats, then the penalty isn't very harsh and 
death will be easier for you to take. If on the other hand you care about 
how fast you level, you care about the state of your gear, and you care 
about your stats, then death is painful and to be avoided at all reasonable 
costs. There's nothing worse for a power player than knowing that he's going 
to level up HALF as fast as normal while he's in debt. And contrary to 
reports I've read elsewhere, these players (and I count myself among them) 
do NOT run around with debt all the time. I am in debt maybe 20% of the time 
that I play and the rest of the time I'm studiously avoiding it or furiously 
working it off as fast as I can.

Miscellaneous Tactics

This is probably the weakest element of the combat model. Because you know 
in advance what will come, there are no pulling strategies to speak of. Why 
they chose to give Monks FD is beyond me, all it is now is an escape valve 
(ok that has value). But FD doesn't serve the purpose that it or Fading 
Memories did in EQ and I miss this element of tactical pulling. Pulling is 
pretty straightforward. Generally, if a mob has to path through other mobs 
that aggro, it won't aggro those mobs (there is no apparent social aggro), 
but if the mobs nearby are wandering (as most are, there are fewer static 
mobs), they can easily wander into proximity range of battle and add to the 
fight. Controlling adds is one of the biggest risks in EQ2 battles, much 
more so than in EQLive and I've found that encounters are often designed 
with the intention of having me or my group fight multiple mobs at once. 
Even my class quests, which are solo instanced encounters and therefore Solo 
by definition, have me fighting up to three even con or two blue single up 
arrow mobs at once. This can be pretty challenging and to some extent makes 
up for the lack of pulling tactics. You may not be able to avoid or vary the 
pull, but you will have your hands full.

Mezzing is still as useful as ever but seems to be much more limited since 
only enchanters get it and there aren't that many chanters around. I think 
I've grouped with a chanter maybe twice in all the time I've played. There 
is all the usual fuss about players who break mez, chanter frustration when 
it happens, but since I'm only level 20 and have only seen the noob Mez in 
action (Fascinate, a level 10 class spell for Enchanters), I don't think I 
can fairly judge yet how useful it will be. It appears to last about 25 
seconds and can be cast on the 5th mob before the first one is wearing off 
so with a good Power pool it's pretty useful for crowd control. Resists of 
course are a problem.

Believe it or not, Shaman slow is back and my slow is fairly effective at 
reducing mob DPS. The only parse I've seen documented about a 25% reduction 
in mob DPS, which isn't bad for a first level Slow (level 10 class spell, 
the next upgrade comes at level 24). Only Shamans get Slow and although 
there are plenty of resists, I don't believe a Slow resist generates the 
same level of hate that it does in EQLive, and I've yet to see a Slow-immune 
mob. There are so many other ways of tuning encounters now, it's doubtful 
that SOE will recreate the huge problems that Slow introduced in EQLive. One 
of the defining characteristics of Shamans are our Wards. Wards rule. They 
are damage avoidance with their own HP and a timer. When I cast a Ward on a 
player, all damage done to that player is done instead to the Ward, and none 
to the player. The Ward has a built in timer (my 2nd level Ward lasts 30 
seconds and absorbs about 300 damage) after which it will expire. If it 
expires with any HP left, the HP is given to the player who is Warded. So 
the healing dynamic of a Shaman and Cleric working together is powerful and 
fun. I slap a big badass Ward on the tank, he pulls, the cleric starts 
healing and I start recasting. If we are fast and nimble we can avoid any 
damage to the tank. If the mob is a nasty double up-arrow yellow Group, it's 
probably going to hit for more than my full Ward and since all spells have 
significant recast times, I won't simply be able to chain Wards 
indefinitely, there will be risk and exposure. And of course all these Wards 
and heals are building up hate ...  and can be resisted. Fortunately, I have 
a few Wards in my arsenal, including an emergency, no cost, no-time-to-cast 
Ward that has a long recast timer on it. It's a nice package and healing is 
both fun and challenging in this game. Very different feel from EQLive 
healing with the long recast times and the complete lack of CH.

Haste is available to chanters, but not very impressive imo. The only report 
I've seen documented didn't show much of an increase in DPS but it was a 
limited report, not really a parse, and again this was first level haste. 
Only chanters get it, so again it's pretty scarce as chanters are pretty 
scarce.

Taunt is very effective and works reliably . A good tank knows how to use it 
and use it effectively without gaining unnecessary aggro from the tons of 
wandering non KOS mobs that are always near. Fighting Group encounters with 
linked mobs without a tank is pretty risky (see my Rat Queen account above), 
and I don't like to do it. But, as in EverQuest Live, sometimes you walk the 
edge because it's the only way you can play at the time, or just because you 
can. ;-)


Anyway, combat in EQ2 is fun, challenging and different from EQLive. It 
presents different kinds of challenges, some disappointments (no pulling 
strategies) and some big surprises (what's behind those double up-arrows). 
All of this has to be viewed in the context of two important qualifiers:

1) I've only seen combat up to level 20, I have no idea what the mid-to-high 
level game will be like; and
2) The recent announcments of the impending class specific changes coming 
that will further distinguish all players from each other and give us a 
variety of choices for enhancing our characters in different ways that will 
have different impacts on the combat model.

One final note that occurs to me on this last point. Player skills and 
abilities are upgradable and range from Apprentice I, II, III and IV, 
through Adept I, II, III and IV, to Master I, II, III and IV. As a Scholar, 
I can make upgrades for any of the abilities level 1-19, up to Adept III. 
However, this requires a VERY rare component that is so hard to come by, of 
the hundreds and hundreds of scrolls that I've made in my 35 levels of 
crafting, I've made maybe 10 Adept III scrolls. I've complained about this 
lack of rares often, but it occurs to me that by virtue of this rarity, 
there are very few players running around Norrath with Adept III upgrades 
and when they DO have the rare opportunity to get an Adept III made, it's 
probably going to be the only one they have, or maybe one of two. This is 
going to provide a further level of customization and specialization as some 
players choose to upgrade their Taunt, while others upgrade their Avoidance 
while others upgrade their mitigation, and so on.

Ahh, the servers are back up. Off to go play so more!

-- 
Winterfury
Dwarven Mystic & Alchemist
Loyal Citizen of Qeynos

Descendant of the Elder Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie







