From 3719788049281238795
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,26d6624bfa374982
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-10 10:42:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!central.cox.net!east.cox.net!peer02.cox.net!cox.net!pd7cy1no!pd7cy2so!shaw.ca!pd2nf1so.cg.shawcable.net!residential.shaw.ca!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: What is balance?
Date: Fri, 10 Oct 2003 12:42:41 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <vodrshpfkpk14a@corp.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Paul Botts" <paulspammerbotts@sbcglobal.net>
References: <kWAhb.22$g64.11107@news.uswest.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2720.3000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2727.1300
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 63
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:1828


"Archerbear" <archerbear@notvalid.qwest.net> wrote in message
news:kWAhb.22$g64.11107@news.uswest.net...
> There's lots of talk about class balance.  What IS balance?  How do you
tell
> when classes are 'balanced?'
>
> To me, class balance is acheived when every class is considered equally
> desirable.

Absolutely.

>
> To my way of thought, the way to determine class balance would be to look
at
> the roles characters are called upon to play, and make sure that among the
> classes that can fill those roles the desirability of those classes is
> roughly equal, with enough variation to prevent the classes from blurring.

I agree with that but there is one more layer that needs to be considered,
which we might call "versatility".

As every successfull military strategist in history has understood, such
versatility has practical value in the field. Exactly how much value, of
course, varies with the specific circumstances. A druid isn't the best
healer or the best nuker or the best tracker or the best buffer, but can do
all of those things usefully -- how much value does that one-stop shopping
have in practice? The other classes to which this question most seems to
apply are BST, SHM, BRD, and RNG.

In the EQ world, versatility has little intrinsic value for the high-end
raiding game: a raid group always includes so many players that you have
specialists for each role who can do the job better than any generalist. You
have "real tanks" and "real healers", etc. Generalist-class players often
end up basically as spectators when the target named mob is engaged by the
raid party.

Versatility means more in general exp grouping than in raids, but still not
that much, for a different reason: the mission boundaries are soft and
easily adjusted to whatever collection of specialists is on hand. Don't have
a slower, or lacking a proper tank? Well that makes your exp group less than
perfect but it doesn't have to be fatal -- there's no limitation on medding
time, you can move around and find the right pullspot that suits whatever
lineup you do have, for that matter you can get somebody from a neighboring
group to provide you the HP buffs that your group lacks, etc.

LDoN, though, fundamentally changes this picture -- now versatility has a
clear high value. Your group can only have 6 slots in which to find
capabilities, you can't take unlimited med time, you can't take the time to
run someplace else in mid-adventure and get new clarity or whatever....LDoN
groups often go forward and often succeed with a BST as the slower, or a DRU
as the nuker, or a SHM as the primary healer....those classes, as well as
bards, are actively sought after for LDoN groups now, precisely because
players have seen the high value of versatility in the LDoN context. Even
rangers, long the scorned "jack of all trades master of none" class, are
welcomed into LDoN groups.

So I would suggest now that "degree of versatility" or somesuch would be a
relevant addition to the list of "roles" that characters should be ranked
for.





