From -4149501703125075087
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fc6cf,9b0464a4b0354cb7,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfc6cf,public
X-Google-Thread: 108625,9b0464a4b0354cb7,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid108625,public
X-Google-Thread: fb859,9b0464a4b0354cb7,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb859,public
X-Google-Thread: 10b8a7,9b0464a4b0354cb7,start
X-Google-Attributes: gid10b8a7,public
X-Google-Thread: f5de8,9b0464a4b0354cb7,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidf5de8,public
X-Google-Thread: f8b8a,9b0464a4b0354cb7,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidf8b8a,public
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9b0464a4b0354cb7,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-02-02 13:26:01 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-xit-01!sn-xit-09!sn-xit-08!supernews.com!news.alt.net!usenet
From: "Spock-A" <white_propheta@yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.auto.mercedes,alt.feminism,alt.games.diablo2,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.the-sims,alt.pagan,alt.religion.christian.last-days
Subject: INTP portrait
Date: Sun, 2 Feb 2003 13:25:45 -0800
Organization: Altopia Corp. - Usenet Access - http://www.altopia.com
Lines: 349
Message-ID: <b1k2d6$isr$0@pita.alt.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.auto.mercedes:66195 alt.feminism:207363 alt.games.diablo2:162819 alt.games.everquest:262181 alt.games.the-sims:170193 alt.pagan:60423 alt.religion.christian.last-days:26828

Portrait of an INTP - Introverted iNtuitive Thinking Perceiving
(Introverted Thinking with Extraverted Intuition)

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

The Thinker

As an INTP, your primary mode of living is focused internally, where you
deal with things rationally and logically. Your secondary mode is external,
where you take things in primarily via your intuition.

INTPs live in the world of theoretical possibilities. They see everything in
terms of how it could be improved, or what it could be turned into. They
live primarily inside their own minds, having the ability to analyze
difficult problems, identify patterns, and come up with logical
explanations. They seek clarity in everything, and are therefore driven to
build knowledge. They are the "absent-minded professors", who highly value
intelligence and the ability to apply logic to theories to find solutions.
They typically are so strongly driven to turn problems into logical
explanations, that they live much of their lives within their own heads, and
may not place as much importance or value on the external world. Their
natural drive to turn theories into concrete understanding may turn into a
feeling of personal responsibility to solve theoretical problems, and help
society move towards a higher understanding.

INTPs value knowledge above all else. Their minds are constantly working to
generate new theories, or to prove or disprove existing theories. They
approach problems and theories with enthusiasm and skepticism, ignoring
existing rules and opinions and defining their own approach to the
resolution. They seek patterns and logical explanations for anything that
interests them. They're usually extremely bright, and able to be objectively
critical in their analysis. They love new ideas, and become very excited
over abstractions and theories. They love to discuss these concepts with
others. They may seem "dreamy" and distant to others, because they spend a
lot of time inside their minds musing over theories. They hate to work on
routine things - they would much prefer to build complex theoretical
solutions, and leave the implementation of the system to others. They are
intensely interested in theory, and will put forth tremendous amounts of
time and energy into finding a solution to a problem with has piqued their
interest.

INTPs do not like to lead or control people. They're very tolerant and
flexible in most situations, unless one of their firmly held beliefs has
been violated or challenged, in which case they may take a very rigid
stance. The INTP is likely to be very shy when it comes to meeting new
people. On the other hand, the INTP is very self-confident and gregarious
around people they know well, or when discussing theories which they fully
understand.

The INTP has no understanding or value for decisions made on the basis of
personal subjectivity or feelings. They strive constantly to achieve logical
conclusions to problems, and don't understand the importance or relevance of
applying subjective emotional considerations to decisions. For this reason,
INTPs are usually not in-tune with how people are feeling, and are not
naturally well-equiped to meet the emotional needs of others.

The INTP may have a problem with self-aggrandizement and social rebellion,
which will interfere with their creative potential. Since their Feeling side
is their least developed trait, the INTP may have difficulty giving the
warmth and support that is sometimes necessary in intimate relationships. If
the INTP doesn't realize the value of attending to other people's feelings,
he or she may become overly critical and sarcastic with others. If the INTP
is not able to find a place for themself which supports the use of their
strongest abilities, they may become generally negative and cynical. If the
INTP has not developed their Sensing side sufficiently, they may become
unaware of their environment, and exhibit weakness in performing
maintenance-type tasks, such as bill-paying and dressing appropriately.

For the INTP, it is extremely important that ideas and facts are expressed
correctly and succinctly. They are likely to express themselves in what they
believe to be absolute truths. Sometimes, their well thought-out
understanding of an idea is not easily understandable by others, but the
INTP is not naturally likely to tailor the truth so as to explain it in an
understandable way to others. The INTP may be prone to abandoning a project
once they have figured it out, moving on to the next thing. It's important
that the INTP place importance on expressing their developed theories in
understandable ways. In the end, an amazing discovery means nothing if you
are the only person who understands it.

The INTP is usually very independent, unconventional, and original. They are
not likely to place much value on traditional goals such as popularity and
security. They usually have complex characters, and may tend to be restless
and temperamental. They are strongly ingenious, and have unconventional
thought patterns which allows them to analyze ideas in new ways.
Consequently, a lot of scientific breakthroughs in the world have been made
by the INTP.

The INTP is at his best when he can work on his theories independently. When
given an environment which supports his creative genius and possible
eccentricity, the INTP can accomplish truly remarkable things. These are the
pioneers of new thoughts in our society.

INTPs generally have the following traits:

  a.. Love theory and abstract ideas
  b.. Truth Seekers - they want to understand things by analyzing underlying
principles and structures
  c.. Value knowledge and competence above all else
  d.. Have very high standards for performance, which they apply to
themselves
  e.. Independent and original, possibly eccentric
  f.. Work best alone, and value autonomy
  g.. Have no desire to lead or follow
  h.. Dislike mundane detail
  i.. Not particularly interested in the practical application of their work
  j.. Creative and insightful
  k.. Future-oriented
  l.. Usually brilliant and ingenius
  m.. Trust their own insights and opinions above others
  n.. Live primarily inside their own minds, and may appear to be detached
and uninvolved with other people
INTPs have a special gift with generating and analyzing theories and
possibilities to prove or disprove them. They have a great deal of insight
and are creative thinkers, which allows them to quickly grasp complex
abstract thoughts. They also have exceptional logical and rational reasoning
skills, which allows them to thoroughly analyze theories to discover the
Truth about them. Since the INTP is driven to seek clarity in the world, we
have a happy match of desire and ability in this personality type. INTPs
will be happiest in careers which allow them a great deal of autonomy in
which they can work primarily alone on developing and analyzing complex
theories and abstractions, with the goal of their work being the discovery
of a truth, rather than the discovery of a practical application.

The following list of professions is built on our impressions of careers
which would be especially suitable for an INTP. It is meant to be a starting
place, rather than an exhaustive list. There are no guarantees that any or
all of the careers listed here would be appropriate for you, or that your
best career match is among those listed.

Possible Career Paths for the INTP:

  a.. Scientists - especially Physics, Chemistry
  b.. Photographers
  c.. Strategic Planners
  d.. Mathematicians
  e.. University Professors
  f.. Computer Programmers, Systems Analysts, Computer Animation and
Computer Specialists
  g.. Technical Writers
  h.. Engineers
  i.. Lawyers / Attorneys
  j.. Judges
  k.. Forensic Research
  l.. Forestry and Park Rangers
INTPs live rich worlds inside their minds, which are full of imagination and
excitement. Consequently, they sometimes find the external world pales in
comparison. This may result in a lack of motivation to form and maintain
relationships. INTPs are not likely to have a very large circle of
significant relationships in their lives. They're much more likely to have a
few very close relationships, which they hold in great esteem and with great
affection. Since the INTP's primary focus and attention is turned inwards,
aimed towards seeking clarity from abstract ideas, they are not naturally
tuned into others' emotional feelings and needs. They tend to be difficult
to get to know well, and hold back parts of themselves until the other
person has proven themselves "worthy" of hearing the INTP's thoughts.
Holding Knowledge and Brain Power above all else in importance, the INTP
will choose to be around people who they consider to be intelligent. Once
the INTP has committed themself to a relationship, they tend to be very
faithful and loyal, and form affectionate attachments which are pure and
straight-forward. The INTP has no interest or understanding of game-playing
with regards to relationships. However, if something happens which the INTP
considers irreconciliable, they will leave the relationship and not look
back.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

INTP Strengths

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----


  a.. They feel love and affection for those close to them which is almost
childlike in its purity
  b.. Generally laid-back and easy-going, willing to defer to their mates
  c.. Approach things which interest them very enthusiastically
  d.. Richly imaginative and creative
  e.. Do not feel personally threatened by conflict or criticism
  f.. Usually are not demanding, with simple daily needs


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

INTP Weaknesses

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----


  a.. Not naturally in tune with others' feelings; slow to respond to
emotional needs
  b.. Not naturally good at expressing their own feelings and emotions
  c.. Tend to be suspicious and distrusting of others
  d.. Not usually good at practical matters, such as money management,
unless their work involves these concerns
  e.. They have difficulty leaving bad relationships
  f.. Tend to "blow off" conflict situations by ignoring them, or else they
"blow up" in heated anger


----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

INTPs as Lovers

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

"To love means to open ourselves to the negative as well as the positive -
to grief, sorrow, and disappointment as well as to joy, fulfillment, and an
intensity of consciousness we did not know was possible before." -- Rollo
May


INTPs approach their intimate relationships quite seriously - as they
approach most things in life. They take their vows and commitments
seriously, and are usually faithful and loyal. They are usually pretty easy
to live with and be around, because they have simple daily needs and are not
overly demanding of their partners in almost any respect. While the INTP's
internal life is highly theoretical and complex, their external life in
comparison is usually quite simple. They like to keep the complexities of
their external world to a minimum, so that they can focus their brain power
on working through their theories internally. This makes them very
straight-forward, honest lovers, with a love that is quite pure in its
simple, uncomplicated nature.

Although they choose to keep things straight-forward in their relationships,
this does not mean that the INTP is lacking in depth of feeling or passion.
The INTP is very creative person, who has vivid imaginations. They can be
very excitable and passionate about their love relationships. Sometimes,
they have a problem reconciling the exciting visions of their internal
worlds with the actuality of their external circumstances.

Sexually, the INTP usually approaches intimacy with enthusiasm and
excitement. Some INTPs play down entirely the need for sexual relations in
their lives, but most use their rich imaginations and child-like enthusiasm
to make the most of the moment. The INTP will usually be experiencing the
moment with vivid intensity inside their own minds, although this may or may
not be apparent to their partner.

The largest area of potential strife in an INTP's intimate relationship is
their slowness in understanding and meeting their partner's emotional needs.
The INTP may be extremely dedicated to the relationship, and deeply in love
with their partner, but may have no understanding of their mate's emotional
life, and may not express their own feelings often or well. When the INTP
does express themselves, it's likely to be in their own way at their own
time, rather than in response to their partner's needs. If this is an issue
which has caused serious problems in a relationship, the INTP should work on
becoming more aware of their partner's feelings, and their partner should
work on not requiring explicit positive affirmation to feel loved by the
INTP.

INTPs do not like to deal with messy complications, such as interpersonal
conflict, and so they may fall into the habit of ignoring conflict when it
occurs. If they feel they must face the conflict, they're likely to approach
it from an analytical perspective. This may aggravate the conflict
situation, if their partner simply wants to feel that they are supported and
loved. Most people (and especially those with the Feeling preference) simply
want to be encouraged, affirmed and supported when they are upset. The INTP
should practice meeting these needs in conflict situations.

Although two well-developed individuals of any type can enjoy a healthy
relationship, the INTP's natural partner is the ENTJ, or the ESTJ. The
INTP's dominant function of Introverted Thinking is best matched with a
partner whose personality is dominated by Extraverted Thinking. The
INTP/ENTJ match is ideal, because these types shared Intuition as a common
way of perceiving the world, but INTP/ESTJ is also a good match. How did we
arrive at this?



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

INTPs as Parents

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

"You are the bows from which your children as living arrows are sent
forth...
Let your bending in the archer's hand be for gladness;
For even as He loves the arrow that flies,
so He loves also the bow that is stable." -- Kahlil Gibran

INTPs love and respect Knowledge, and want to pass their jewels of thought
down to their children. Their greatest goal and satisfaction as a parent is
seeing their children grow into independent, rational adults.

INTP parents are likely to encourage their children to grow as individuals,
rather than attempt to fit them into a preconceived mold. They will stress
autonomy through the children's growth. They're likely to respect their
children's opinions and wishes, and allow their children to have a voice and
presence in the family.

The INTP parents are likely to be pretty laid-back and flexible with their
children, sometimes to the point of being relatively "hands-off" with
regards to the day-to-day issues. They're likely to count on their spouse
for providing structure and schedules. Since the INTP themself does not live
in an overly structured or organized manner, they're not likely to expect or
create this environment for their children. If their spouse is not someone
with the "J" preference, their children may suffer from a lack of
boundaries. This is something the INTP should pay special attention to.
Growing children don't know Right from Wrong, and so benefit from having
their parents define these boundaries for them.

In spite of their relatively unstructured approach to parenting, INTPs take
their role as parent very seriously, and are likely to put forth much effort
into doing what they feel will be most effective in helping their children
grow into independent, wise adults. INTPs enjoy parenting, and get a lot of
fun out of their children. They're also likely to be very proud and loyal
parents.

INTPs may have a problem meeting the emotional needs of their children.
Although they generally are deeply caring and supportive individuals, the
INTP does not always pick up on emotional clues. A troubled child of an
unaware INTP parent may have to result to drastic "attention-getting"
tactics to get their parent to understand their emotional difficulties. If
you find yourself in this situation, you may find that expressing some of
your own emotions will do wonders for your child, yourself, and your
relationship. Although it may not be possible for you to suddenly be "tuned
in" on what your children are feeling, at least you can let them know that
you care.

Children of INTP parents generally remember them respectfully and
affectionately as loyal, fair, and tolerant parents, who care for them a
great deal, although they don't often show it.



----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

INTPs as Friends

----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----

INTPs are likely to have friends who share their interests and pursuits.
Since the INTP loves theories, ideas, and concepts, they are not likely to
have much patience or understanding for people with the Sensing preference,
who are not usually comfortable with abstract conceptualizing.




