From 42838467888520164
X-Google-Thread: fb739,86702b87d454b1de
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 01 Jan 2005 06:37:11 -0600
Date: Sat, 01 Jan 2005 07:37:11 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: AO Professions
References: <3NudnT5Xb4YExUjcRVn-1A@dejazzd.com> <qfKdnS8yvKNS60jcRVn-jQ@whidbeytel.com> <N8adnWkNkakzO0jcRVn-qA@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <N8adnWkNkakzO0jcRVn-qA@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <3pKdnTm0c6HqBEvcRVn-hA@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 127
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.92
X-Trace: sv3-1MaYa1wvKv79hNyuGxkdJmKQxi0sbVMLM7x4JN8bbBaDsqfM9aokHcgiw7CWoXWIkX/gqBRu64UDBDi!NbPw3CKFzMcaY/rgkCtZExZMvpxenuQ6JJLbmUDUaA9CyDRlVz/s5pmx5OrwW5HQw8WwPUB22mo=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.22
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:28459



Lance Berg wrote:

> Currently playing 9th level OmniTech Bureaucrat "Coallate" (with my 
> trusty worker, "Paperwork") on the Atlantean server

Played this guy some more last night, got a team where I was several 
levels below the rest, and went from 9 to 13 in an hour or so in the 
subway, again including some down time when people wiped.  Once, it came 
down to just me and an atrox enforcer, then we killed the baby boss and 
two henchmen by ourselves, because I was able to keep the henchmen 
mezzed...before this point the group was trying to take down all three, 
but when it got to one guy, plus my pet working on his target, there was 
nobody waking the two adds.  Parallels to low level party frustrations 
as an EQ enchanter couldn't be more clear!  At another point, everyone 
wiped but me to a bigger mini boss, I sicced pet on boss and ran for the 
exit... so that year of experience playing an EQ mage came in handy too!

At any rate, at this point the group dissolved due to dinner times and 
so on, but me and the Agent I'd started the team with drifted up to the 
shops, where I got an invite into an organization (aka guild), and a 
hundred Kcr (because his guildmate had given him a million and he felt 
like sharing).  I've still only spent about half of that cash, but I 
filled in all the basic implant slots and bought several nanos, 
including some I wouldn't normally be able to use yet; more on that in a 
bit.

Then we got together another team, the agent, me, and two doctors, and 
went and did some missions.  As I was low man in the group, every mob we 
killed was "you can't kill this" red (low reds con [lower case t is the 
con button, for those who haven't figured it out] their level, even if 
I'm 12 and they are 19... have to be really high to refuse to tell me 
level) but I was still hitting with most shots from my pistol, on the 
down side, my pet wasn't hitting nearly as often as I'd like, even when 
I was running a level 18 pet (while still 15).  I leveled up pretty fast 
on these missions, and they were a nice change from subway, but one of 
the doctors hogged most of the loot, and since I was sitting on that 
100k bonus, I wasn't going to argue.

So, an 18 pet on a 15 'Crat?  Yep, I was actually doing this even at 9th 
level on practically no money; nanos (and most things in the game) don't 
care about your level, they care about your skill.  Now you do have caps 
as to how high your skills can go at a given level, but they relate only 
to your IP expenditure.  On top of that, you can have clothes, weapons, 
implants... and nano's running in your NCU.  In the basic shop Nano 
area, there's a generic vendor which has nano's anyone can run, some 
pretty useless ones that debuff one skill a few points, but mixed in 
there are some that will buff one skill or ability.  Just 6 or 12 
points, but still.  With a 6 point buff and a stupid QL2 pillow I looted 
on the newbie island, I was able to run a level 10 pet at level 9; have 
to have buff and gear in place to mem the nano, then again when you want 
to use it to make a shell, and again when you want to use the shell. 
But once the pet is up and running, I could put away my pillow and equip 
my pair of guns again; apparantly if the pet is -much- higher than your 
current level you can lose control of him when skill levels drop, but 
what I was doing didn't fall into that.

With the added cash, I was able to get implants and more expensive nanos 
that buffed my skills up to where I could run a pet several levels 
higher than my own... and thats still with minimal labor; what I really 
need to do is look even more closely into getting those specific skills 
up with implants, and getting a better pillow or other gear to raise my 
skills further.

On our last mission, I did get one piece of loot, a fairly decent little 
pistol (nothing astonishing, but an upgrade to the island stuff). 
Trouble is, it required a 123 pistol skill to equip!  Now Pistol is the 
one weapon skill I've kept maxed, but that still put it at a mere 76 
even with the generic cheapest set of 'Crat implants.  I ditched one of 
those implants and bought an adventurer one instead, that had pistol 
skill on it (the generics, which I bought at the behest of my Org.mate 
and in the interest of getting back to playing quickly, have somewhat of 
a scattershot of skills), and bought a generic pistol skill buff from 
the general nano vendor, coupling those with a 'crat only nano that 
raises pistol 20 points (stacks with the generic one, luckily), I was 
finally able to push up to being able to equip the thing.  If I'm not 
running the two skill buff nanos in my NCU, though, it only functions at 
75% efficiency, and I'd be better off with the originals!

Funny thing is, at this point I'm prone to chain cast my DD nano while 
letting pet whomp on target, with the guns only going off as a 
supplement, mostly when Fling comes up.  Damage output from DD seems 
more reliable than gunshots.  All this effort put into the pistol was 
really only A) to please my guildmate who made a point of having the 
greedy looting doctor give me the thing when it dropped, and B) to 
experiment with how such things are done.  In the end, guns probably 
aren't too important to my profession, but the ins and outs of how to 
equip higher QL gear (and nanos) are probably the key to the game.

Seems to me the next thing for me to conquer will be making my own 
implants; the class based ones have a really spotty mix, its as though I 
had gone thru and spent my IP evenly covering every skill I might 
concievably use, instead of concentrating on the ones best suited to my 
play style.  I mean, really one has pistol, but another has shotgun... I 
can't afford to be buffing multiple weapons skills, I need to pick one 
and stick with it.  This topic looks more confusing then I'd thought, 
though, individual skills come only on very specific body part 
locations; a different one for each of shiny, bright, and... whatever 
that third category is.  So I can't just fill one of the three slots in 
every part with Pistol, and get pistol skill up to 200; at best I'll be 
able to run 3 pistol buff implants... unless whats available in the 
Basic trade shop isn't representative of things worldwide.

What skills to raise?  This is another key question.  Looks like Pistol 
(when not going after impossibly tough mobs, it will be nice not to be 
blowing mana on DD and still have a damage output that isnt' 
embarassing... particularly when soloing), the two for pet creation, the 
two for DD, and the two for mezzing, plus first aid and treatment, both 
the latter meaning bigger heals/nano replenishments both during and 
between fights; treatment also controls implantation of implants.  Nine 
skills I really care about, the rest are incedentals to be covered when 
I already have the best in those nine slots.

The storebought Implants are funny, about half of them have only two 
skills installed, the Shiny slot is empty on each of those.  So the most 
obvious path would be to buy bigger versions of those (the QL on the 
cheapest ones is too low to allow installation of the skills the vending 
machines sell), and then add the Shiny to them.  Not sure that those are 
actually skills I care about though.  Lack of an Allakhazam type source 
of information on this game is killing me!

"Coal" Coallate, 16 Bureaucrat Omni, El33t Society, Atlantean

ps a long series of pets with names running from Papercut to Paperclip 
to Spindle, add a lot of amusement, this is a bet EQ really missed, 
naming your own pet is fun stuff!


