From -1593016776904166774
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5ead5f2ee86676da
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-18 12:01:28 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!feed2.news.rcn.net!rcn!news-out.visi.com!hermes.visi.com!feed.news.qwest.net!news.uswest.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3CBF17DB.985C8057@columbus.rr.com>
From: Thomas <tpenning@columbus.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Referenceing my post on Removing Twinks
References: <ubkjd6hdhtid86@corp.supernews.com> <URBu8.192$q4.6103@newsfeed.avtel.net> <3CBC4104.EC187EB4@columbus.rr.com> <cUYu8.231$q4.6601@newsfeed.avtel.net> <3CBDC46C.A09FD107@columbus.rr.com> <_Vmv8.256$q4.7080@newsfeed.avtel.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 363
Date: Thu, 18 Apr 2002 15:00:43 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 63.148.84.235
X-Trace: news.uswest.net 1019156486 63.148.84.235 (Thu, 18 Apr 2002 14:01:26 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 18 Apr 2002 14:01:26 CDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:187737



Scott Kasai wrote:

> "Thomas" <tpenning@columbus.rr.com> wrote in message
> news:3CBDC46C.A09FD107@columbus.rr.com...
>
> <Half the rant removed because it is pointless to argue something where he
> can't tell the difference between 'twink' and 'newbie beggar' in the
> discussion.>
>

Newbie beggers do not really exist. That is what I am telling you. What you
think is a newbie beggers really is a person that has alternate character and
is begging things. They are not newbies. But you seem to lack that
understanding.

>
>
> Fact 1.  I stated I twinked my own characters.  I don't deny the fact that
> I have done that with my low level characters.

I still do not understand. The original discussion was about twinking and if
gear obtain through twinking was "earned" or not. You where against twinking,
yet you are making a "fact" that you twink?


> Fact 2.  Throughout most of
> the discussion, it was a discussion about discouraging newbie beggars.

Wrong. The discussion was about twinking. You brought up newbie beggers. At
most, I told you that the beggers you see are not newbie players but rather
those that are playing alternate characters. What part of that do you not
understand? New players in the game do not begger for items. People that have
played the game with other characters who lack the ability to effectively twink
themselves consistently beg for others to twink them. There really is no such
thing as a Newbie Begger. Newbies do not know what is good and what is not.
Only those with experience will not what is good and what is not and what to
beg for.


> Had
> you followed some other discussions going on in the newsgroup, one message
> did state some players actually made a lower level character to harass/beg
> off other players, to scam them out of some nice items to turn around and
> sell them to other players somewhere else.

No need to follow some other discussion. This discussion really was about
Twinking not begging. If you bother to read the subject line, you will see it
says "Referenceing my post on Removing TWINKS". Notice that it does not say
"Removing BEGGERS".


> Fact 3.  The issue at hand is
> also to discourage beggars in general, the sense that seeing a Level 3
> player wearing Full Plate with named weapons normally not bought through
> the store...

The issue is not to discourage beggers. The issue is to discourage TWINKS! This
is a twink discussion not a begging discussion. Secondly, a person in full
plate and named weapons will not beg you for plate and named weapons. THEY
ALREADY HAVE IT. How does the removing of twinks remove begging? It does not.
In fact, not allowing people to twink themselves will actually INCREASE begging
not decrease it. This is a discussion on twinks, though. Please stay on topic.


> Last thing you want, is someone on that same level, seeing a
> twink and going, "Hey...  Can I have some of that?  How can I get it?"
> First thing that comes out of most new generation players, especially ones
> who have played RPGs before, is "Where do I get the money to get the better
> stuff?"

New players, regardless of RPGs, does not have the point of reference to
visually see a graphic item and know if it is better then what they have. They
are new. They do not have the point of reference. Furthermore, new players are
intemidated by the "newness" of the game. They are not normally bold enough to
ask others questions that will show that they are new the game. No one wants to
be thought of as being dumb or stupid. Asking questions can often make people
think that others think they are stupid. Therefore, new players do not ask that
many questions. And they most defently do not beg because they do not know what
to beg for and would not ask questions to find out what to beg for because that
will make them look dumb. New players do not beg. But again, this is a twink
discussion not a begging discussion.


> Because one of the constants in most of the RPG games is that not
> only are you outfited with some low level gear, you are outfitted with some
> money to decide on where to focus on better gear.

Not true. Many RPGs start you off with nothing. If I recall, when I started a
game called "Stonehalls" or something like that, I only had a dagger. That was
it. No money or anything else. BUT WHAT DOES THIS HAVE TO DO WITH TWINKING?


> My first experience with
> EQ was just that, wondering what I needed to do inorder to get better
> stuff.  While I did not 'beg' for stuff from players, others may feel the
> need to do so by using ooc or shout to get said loot.

Sorry, others new players do not know what ooc or shout is. And what you are
basically saying is that you are better then all other new players who start.
You did not beg but they WILL beg because they are new. Sorry. That is not
true. Newbie Beggers really do not exist. Heck, how would you even know they
were new to begin with. Level is no indication if a person is new. Knowledge is
the only indication of a person being knew. The fact that someone knows what to
beg for and how to beg is the very indication that they most likely are not new
players. But again, what does begging have to do with TWINKING?


> Fact 4.  There are
> many people, like me for instance, who don't hassle people for SoWs, Buffs
> or such, not unless it was offered or I had something to trade for it,
> because I know people are not Pez Dispensers, they are not there for my own
> personal support system.
>

You have never asked for a SoW? You have never asked for invisability to get
across a difficult zone to get your corpse? You have never asked for a teleport
to a location? You have never asked for clarity? You have never asked for a
REZ? For some reason, I find that hard to believe. But that really does not
matter here because this is a discussion on TWINKS!

Now, you gave me 4 of your "facts". But again, I ask what facts are these in a
discussion of twinking?

Your facts:
Fact 1: You twink.
Fact 2: Newbies beg.
Fact 3: Newbies in full plate and named weapons beg.
Fact 4: You do not beg for Sow, etc.

Ah, again, who are these facts in a discussion of twinking? This is a
discussion of twinking, bud.


>
> I'm sorry, but you are deluding yourself if you really think Low Level True
> Newbies don't know what 'Heck of a lot of damage' is.  When I compare my
> cleric, the one who has a summoned 6/38 hammer from the first time I
> played, back when I didn't have much knowledge, with a similar level, Dark
> Ember 12/29 hammer, similar strength and compare the damage...

How did you get a Dark Ember for your low level cleric? How did you know what
the Dark Ember hammer looked like with your low level cleric? How did you know
that the Ember stats were 12/29? Sure, you may have know that 6 is greater then
12, how did you know that 12/29 is better then 6/38 back when you were a Low
Level True Newbie? Answer is, you did not know back when you were a true
newbie. You know NOW because you have that knowledge and point of reference.
When you had your first character at level 5 and no other character, you had
not point of reference for that knowledge. Is a 5/14 weapon better then a 11/29
weapon? A true newbie would say no it is not. An experienced player would know
the truth of such a question.


> Hmmm... So,
> I would hit, at most 13, with my piddly cleric back then...  Versus the 24
> to 26 pts my new Cleric can do, same level...

Ah, no. There is a damage cap at level 10 and at level 20. At 10-20, you would
hit for as most about 20 points not 24 or 26. But that is a different topic.
With some very slow by high damage weapon, you would it that max as well. The
fact that it was very slow could and often would make it a poorier weapon then
a lesser damage faster weapon. The thing you are pointing out here is actually
what I am talking about. The true newbie would at most see damage max hit and
believe that they are not doing the best. The would not know anything about
delays and how that could make less damage per hit weapons better then more
damage per hit weapons. And you know what, this is and was possible all the
time even without twinking. To use this as an agrument against twinking is
invalid when it existed at a time when twinking was not really possible.

>
>
> Have you seen the prices for Full Plate or Chain from vendors?  At least
> 200+ plat per piece.  With about 10 slots to fill for armor, that is well
> over 2-3k in plat.  The cost of a vendor wearpon, about 7 to 10 plat.

So what? Have you seen full plate? Do you know what it looks like when worn?
Now do you know what it looks like when worn when you have never seen it worn?
That is the point I am making. A true newbie has a hard time knowing that a
person has full plate because they have never had full plate and would not know
what it is like to be worn. It takes a point of reference for people to make
judgement calls like this. It takes a person seeing what full plate looks like
when they know it is full plate to be able to look at some one and know they
are wearing full plate just by looking at them. A true newbie lacks the
knowledge of knowing what full plate looks like when it is worn and there for
lacks the knowledge of knowing when others are wearing full plate. Price has
nothing to do with it here.


> So you are telling me...  a Level 2 or 3 newbie...Seeing a similar conned
> twink won't wonder how to get the money to get enough plat to purchase one
> item, when the mobs barely put out a GP to buy a stinkin backpack to carry
> stuff, let alone feed yourself after the complimentary food and water is
> gone.

No, what I am telling you is that a level 2 or 3 newbie would not know what the
item is to wonder about how to get it. They would not know that it is not
normal for people of them level to not have that item. Instead a true level 2
or 3 would think they are doing something wrong because at most then do not
have the pretty shiny shirt that someone else has. If by a few levels later
they find the knowledge (and that is a big if), they will then wonder what they
are doing wrong to not have the money to buy it themselves. They will think
they are not hunting in the right locations or not selling those snake scales
they are collecting to the right NPCs. This will not cause them to be jealous
or to cause them to magically start begging people for items especially when
they lack the knowledge of how to beg. It takes knowledge to do what you
suggest and knowledge is something that true new players lack.



> Had you read the rest of my post, I have no major qualms about twinking in
> general, but I see the point of where it can create problems and where
> putting limits on some of the items to make it seem like Twinking isn't going
> to make a person uber either.

Had you bother reading any of the post here, you would have realize this is a
discussion on twinking not begging, as well. I did read all you useless post.
It was a complaint about begging. You tried to make it valid by stating that
true newbies beg because they are envious of twinking therefore stopping
twinking will stop begging. I pointed out that beggers are not new players,
that stopping of twinking will not decrease begging but rather increase it, and
that this is really a post about twinking not begging. Yet, you could not read
and understand that and it seems to be still the case.

>
> No...  I know some true newbies who aren't intimidated.  I seen some who
> flat out are POS idiots who spam the zone because no one will help them.
> Beggars are not limited to experienced players because remember, some of
> these people are also some who come from RPG backgrounds, ones who have
> played the desktop or computer versions of D&D or similar games.  You seem
> to ignore this fact, and believe it is purely an EQ Experience.
>

It sounds to me that you have some serious issues against beggers. I do not
know why that is. But it further sounds to me that you want to blame someone
for those beggers and that you find it easily convenient to blame new players
as the cause of begging. I am unsure as to what you have against new players or
against beggers for that matter. If they bother you, /ignore them. But the
point is that you seem to be steriotyping all new players (and all beggers) as
Jerks. When it is truly the case that Jerks exist in EverQuest but are not
exclusive to being new players. Sorry to break the news for you, the majority
of new players ARE intimidate by the game and that can be seen in their actions
of doing something that if they asked someone they would find out it is not
wise for them to do. But they are to afraid to ask. The majority of those that
beg are experienced players. The majority of new players never beg. It is as
simple as that.


>
> Actually, the reason I did not beg was cause someone told me to...  A
> person who was my friend who introduced me to the game.  Furthermore, when
> I made MY alts, as an EXPERIENCED player, I didn't beg people, nor bug them
> for higher level things.  I inquired about the items, but never bothered
> them for it.  I have seen other players who were new do it, not just
> experienced players with alts.  In fact, I know several experienced players
> with alts who flat out don't try because they know how much of a hassle it
> is.
>

So you are suggesting that you WOULD have been a begger if you did not have
outside knowledge not to? That you would and could have been a begger but you
had pre-knowledge the environment that it produces. What is the difference
between you and a true newbie begger then. You would have been a begger by you
own admission.

Secondly at no point do I state that ALL experience people with secondary
characters beg (excluding the fact that everyone has begged at sometime for
spells of some type). But instead I made the reverse side statement that almost
ALL beggers are experienced people with secondary characters. But as I have
often said, this is a discussion about twinking, not begging.


> Easily doable quests versus quests that are long and tedious to the point
> people cannot do them in a fair state of mind.  Hmmm...  Let me share
> something with you.  I have heard a fair amount of bitching from people
> towards verant for how things are with some of the items.  Hell, I am
> trying to get my own Kromriff Military Leggings for my druid.  The problem
> is, I can't.  Why?  I need to harness the Broodmother.  But I can't... Why?
> Because she spawns once every 12 hours and requires Fergul to be up for it
> to work.  Why is that a problem?  Well, I can't sit there for 12 hours
> waiting to see her pop, then try to harness her without support of friends,
> cause I sure as hell don't want to go through CC again to try and get the
> Acid or the sceptre to get the control gem and going around kiting drakkel
> wolves to get their blood wolf to spawn to get the damn harness to make the
> control harness to wait again for the broodmother and fergul to get back
> up.

Kromriff Military Leggings quest is extremely easy quest. It is by far, not one
of them most popular quests as in being a good quest to do more because it is
to easy to do. The item is good so that is why people do it. But when people
ask what quest did they have fun completing, most of them will not state the
Kromriff Military Leggings quest.

Instead, they state more difficult quests as being the quest that are most
"fun" for them. They state quest like the Coldain Insignia Ring quest that
requies 8 to 10 different items and an extensive set of combat situations to
conquer. They state the Coldain Shawl quest that requires 5 to 7 different
items and an extensive set of trade skill development to conquer. They state
various epic weapon quest that require 3-6 major multi-group encounters to
conquer. Thise quest are complex and bring a lot of joy to those completing the
quest.

Making the Kromriff Military Leggings quest easier by reducing the 8 hour (not
12, btw) spawn timer on the broodmother would make the quest even more trival.
People would not care for the quest and would just start to demand the item.
Why do the quest at all if you can complete it in 5 minutes? Heck, one of the
biggest complaints about the LSoEE that caused it to get nerfed was that it was
a good item that was a result of a quest being TO EASY.

> So this is where...  People do like the idea of getting rid of no-drops...

Sorry. It is more the case that LAZY people who rather have the items handed to
them then do the work necessary to complete the quest would want to get rid of
no-drop items.

>
> Some of us are not friggin die hard, spend every waking hour of our lives
> playing Everquest.

No quest in the game requires a person to spend every waking hour of their
lives playing EverQuest to complete. This has been a false statement through
out by many people who have no way of justifing their agruments. What is
require is a person who believe they should get the rewards right now
immediately have to spend the lives playing EverQuest to complete it. Take the
epic quest for example. Those that want to receive the items within 2-7 days
from start to finish would have to spend their lives playing EverQuest. Those
that are willing to work on the epic quest for 2 years would not require
spending their leives playing EverQuest. Problems, you are one of those that
believe you should have the item right when you want it and but do not feel you
should be required to do the work to complete it. Do not worry to much, there
are a lot of people like you.


> Why do you think some of the Ebayer assholes seem to
> pop up.

Because of the money. That is the only reason. Ebayer exist because there is a
market of people willing to pay large amounts of real life cash for virtual
items. Ebayers (even though I do not like them) are general people who are able
to seperate their real life from the game and are goal oriented enough to
realize that they can get some real life beniefts from a little side
entertainment.


> At the end of the day, some people do want to spend the money instead of
> the hassle for some items.  The real issue is...  Should some of the good
> items be put on a way lower level to make them breeze through like every
> hit was a pin-prick?  No.

Well, since Verant has removed the death penalty for those lower then level 10
and have removed the hell levels at 30, 35, 40, and 45, they do not agree with
you. Verant has easily shown by their actions that they wish to make the lower
levels easier to advance through. So, twinking is just another method of
breezing through the low levels.

But that being said, at the end of the day what does it matter to YOU how I
find fun an entertain myself in my game. It does not affect you. I will allow
you to have fun playing YOUR  game if you allow me to have fun playing MY game.

-thomasx





