From 945342339124611098
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e46ceb0fae35cb2b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsread.com!newsprint.newsread.com!news-out.visi.com!transit-1.news.visi.com!binary-3-spool.news.visi.com!news-4.mpls.visi.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: foreverspam@lamenames.net (kaev)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mixed Level Grouping in MMOGs
Date: Mon, 27 Dec 2004 23:06:59 GMT
Message-ID: <41d08e3f.5925740@news.visi.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.21/32.243
Lines: 44
Organization: VISI.com - http://www.visi.com/
NNTP-Posting-Date: 27 Dec 2004 17:01:41 CST
NNTP-Posting-Host: 8ed3f87d.visi.com
X-Trace: DXC=8cenMV:QH2M8=FoT?V:?CLOUY]`CBLG5M9cBmL3gXk]KO;R0TIa2h;EPQJiLN_>k[Mi]?WC@eRAjNgd<bDlXkFIN
X-Complaints-To: abuse@visi.com
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:28120

I've long been bothered by the approach MMOGs (at least the ones I
have played) take regarding disparate level groups of PCs.  It's
not only counter-intuitive, it's blatantly, even absurdly, counter
to the way people have taught one another since forever, both IRL
and in the stories they tell one another.

It is tremendously ineffective to try and learn to hunt, or fish,
or farm, or duel, or soldier, or engineer, or build, or do anything
else, by getting a group of ignorant and unskilled people together
and refusing to work with craftmasters and veterans.  It's just a
really stupid thing to do if you have any choice at all in the
matter.

A battalion of totally green troops is near worthless in comparison
to a battlaion salted with veteran officers and NCOs, and the
soldiers of the completely green unit will gain effectiveness (gain
levels, as it were) FAR more slowly besides.  

Send a couple of squires out in the service of veteran knights, and
send two more out in the company only of other squires.  Who do you
think is going to learn more/faster about melee, those who avoid the
company of veteran mentors or those who live and travel with them?

The obsession with preventing "powerleveling" prevalent in our
community has, in this particular case, led to the creation of a
hollywierdesque insistence that we accept a notion that's self-
evidently wrong, no, wrong is too mild, spectacularly moronic is
better.  I don't know who said "I'm willing to suspend my disbelief,
but I'm not willing to hang it by the neck until it's dead.", but
for me at least, it fits this particular idiocy like a glove.

Restricting the pace of level/experience gain makes sense.  Giving
lower, even drasticly lower, experience awards to the _higher_ level
characters involved makes tremendous sense.  Both of these reflect
what anybody with three brain cells to rub together can observe and
participate in at any time in place throughout their lives.

Honoring the twistedly self-righteous and individualistic notion
that every character must "earn" their advancement according to an
arbitrary code that denies the sum total of all human experience is
very nearly too stupid for words.


kaev


