From 40483977202552517
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8e95cdac13289294,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsread.com!newsprint.newsread.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 11 Nov 2004 14:09:39 -0600
Date: Thu, 11 Nov 2004 15:09:37 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Dropping a little further out
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <Nt6dncye-OqZWg7cRVn-sA@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 100
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.146
X-Trace: sv3-vEC3lxDMZlctqgZ1p9d2NpEsWh5o2noLYxG/X2sy+MJvWslWpHCb3EBRFR5SBnlfkEsrh8n4AhgHKpQ!B6PcyaAIoWn2siX1m/9HLuid0TrwhDDn9LUoO7BMUIbbCIdH76w4qQ8rMOKcFmiioJtBZ3cW4Zl8
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.20
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:22906

Went to the SOE site today and cancelled my account, its good till 
november 19th, as its prepaid till then.  I doubt I'll be logging on though.

This wasn't an agressive cancelation, not a "cold turkey" quit.  I had 
no intentions of quitting at all really, even as recently as September. 
  I bought OOW and everything, was happily playing along.

It also wasn't a consequence of EQ2 or WOW or any other MMOG grabbing my 
attention.

Rather, I just sort of tapered off, playing less and less, at a time 
when I was very busy working IRL.  Then when I stopped being so busy, I 
just didn't get back into it.

For one thing, I'd pretty much topped out on my latest character, a 
berserker; IMO the class runs out of steam around level 55 when it 
starts going more and more up against unstunnable mobs.

For another, reports of a new way for bards to sing songs, the Melody 
(which is clearly a misnomer, should be Medly), which would let you set 
a twist up to repeat indefinately, had me excited about returning to my 
bard.  I put off playing a week or so, not interested in getting back 
into my Berserker, but knowing a big patch was coming... turned out no, 
it wasn't on that patch.  Nor the patch after that nor the patch after 
that.  I quit the bard not because he topped out, but because my wrists 
couldn't take it; this new system made me think I could return to him. 
When it wasn't forthcoming, I just kept putting off playing.

Another solution I've used when a character got boring was to start 
over.  Over the years I've run quite a few characters, sometimes 
returning to one I'd left, more often not.  But now, I didn't really 
have a "I still want to try this" character waiting in the wings.  Most 
classes I'd either already played as far as I was interested in, or were 
similar enough to other characters I'd already played that they just 
seemed like recovering old ground.

And then there is the fact that I generally like playing the game till 
top level, but then lose interest once I'm there, rather than sticking 
with it and doing AA, getting gear, getting flagged for higher zones. 
You'd think that raising the level cap from 65 to 70 would have made me 
want to go back and take my cleric and mage the rest of the way up. 
Nope, I've already emotionally abandoned them, their guilds are long 
since gone, no friends on those servers anymore as I've been playing on 
yet another server... 65-70 just struck me as spinning my wheels, I'd 
want to abandon them again in just a few levels!

I'd made a lot of good friends over the years, but I've either abandoned 
them, moving on to new servers and new characters, or they've abandoned 
me, moving on as well, or moving to another game entirely.  By now, most 
of  my EQ friends were really AGE friends, and even many of those 
weren't playing anymore, having moved on to EQII Beta or COH... so I 
guess in a way, EQII was a factor, but not because -I- am moving on, 
rather, because others are.

I concluded I was probably done playing several weeks ago, and said as 
much.  Yet I kept paying.  I hadn't comitted to quitting, if I wanted to 
go back, after a rest, I would.  Today, I just came to the conclusion 
that it was silly to keep paying and not playing, and I'm -still- not 
interested in playing.

I've been around the block enough times to know that this may not be 
permanent.  I've been game shopping recently, and there aren't a whole 
lot of computer games out there I'm really interested in trying.  So, 
with some time off, I may well dive back in.  Then again, I might try 
one of the many "other games" on the market.  I refused to try any other 
MMOGs while playing EQ, since then I'd be paying twice as much but still 
spending exactly the same amount of time playing.  Now that I'm off that 
hook, 13 bucks or so a month for some other game doesn't seem such an 
affront.

At the moment, though, I'm off the whole MMOG idea entirely.  I've been 
playing NWN, which has no monthly charge and offers tons and tons of 
contents, because its an open platform where players develop modules and 
post them for free download.  There's even a MOG (not massive, just 
multi, I think the limit is 64 to a world) version of this out there, 
although I haven't experimented with it yet.

I also picked up Morrowind and SW:KOTOR, a couple games I missed while 
playing EQ all these years.  There's less out there that looks like I'd 
really like to try it than I'd hoped, but I'm keeping my eye open.

I'm planning to keep hanging out here for a while, long as my many AGE 
friends are still here and I don't get too annoyed with the constant 
onslaught of WWvsEQ2 deathmatch discussion.

And no, YCHMS, because this isn't the first time I've quit, and I've 
seen many others quit, and thus I know that its quite possible I'll be 
back, and want my stuff!

Grager, 25 Ranger
Grage, 58 Berserker
Splendid One, 65 Magician
Llyric, 57 Bard
Paax, 52 Shaman
Bergh, 65 Cleric
Praise, 50 Cleric

and a host of sub 50 characters... I think the only class I never played 
was Paladin
Paax,


