From 2791965209150314623
X-Google-Thread: fb739,fac9068f2c473f3e,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 24 Aug 2005 22:24:58 -0500
Date: Wed, 24 Aug 2005 23:24:51 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Epic Dawn
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <SumdncPwcueXp5DeRVn-gg@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 85
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.25.67
X-Trace: sv3-04CeITX+930MxOJaFGM2dJ+tpGxQVE/ukOBVgsXpjW3IFlcqb69pQqSeSancT4JyuECvUdXRevYkxks!zy0fKp9nXZuPIOPfx8L46wFN66R109KXbofNf/c2cu7dptmN6Uwd8xtHcAJ0Zr1BzNw9r+al
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:5484

So, I think I'm currently the highest level person in the guild; 30 
bard.  As its Faire season here, my hours aren't congruent with the 
other people playing much, so I'm mostly soloing when I do play, early 
morning and afternoon/early evening weekdays, EST, doesn't seem to be 
prime ED time.

I've stuck to the ED oath, with a single exception, tucked away in my 
bank is my "emergency" wind instrument thats clearly in violation.  See, 
I died somewhere deep in PC hadn't ever put any cash in the bank OR 
purchased a spare flute, and bard invis only works with a wind 
instrument equipped.  I tried lulling my way in and died again, and was 
griping about my own stupidity in /ooc in POK while deciding where I 
could most quickly kill enough newbie mobs while naked to afford a spare 
flute when out of the blue another bard opens a trade window and hands 
me one.  Well, what the hell, thats a gold or two, no biggie, I used it, 
put it in the bank as I swore to him I would before going back to 
fighting, and thought nothing further of it until a week later when I 
happened to be sorting thru my bank stuff and noticed it was in fact a 
Flute of Eternal Night, with stats and a modifier half again as high as 
the one I normally use (32 instead of 22).  There are mobs I can 
Carrilion to non KOS with that flute, and not with my old bamboo one. 
Well, I can't bring myself to destroy it, but at least I leave it in the 
bank!

I have mixed emotions about the experiment:

  on the one hand, its very irritating knowing that I could be buying 
much better gear for practically pennies in the bazaar.  That flute, for 
example, is apparantly so little thought of that the other bard could 
just give it away to a young and apparantly idiotic bard with a lost 
body.  My original bard used, from day one, a drum thats similarly 
better than the one I have now, (walrus skin) which I believe runs 
around 500pp in the bazaar these days.


   On the other hand, Its great looting things and doing quests and 
finding gear thats actually an upgrade.  I went and camped the Iksar 
Berserker Club, have done most of my newbie armor POK trials, have a 
Neth BP I killed the Swarmcaller for, just picked up a Black Steel Wrap 
off a Drakkal Wolf... all gear I'd have thought of as junk for most of 
the four years I was playing before.  (Oddly, the woven frost giant 
beard I looted and was excited about was worse than my POK Task mask, 
thats one piece I remember thinking was worth getting back in the day)

On the gripping hand, its interesting talking to people I meet about the 
idea, some are interested, some say they could never do it, some get 
defensive about not doing it... have yet to have anyone ridicule the 
idea OR complain about my resulting wimpiness.

Those things aside, though, overall I'm dissapointed, not because of 
whether or not its fun to play this way (for the most part, it is) but 
because the massive shrinkage of EQ that took place over the 9 months I 
was gone has meant that its difficult to get groups; thats good for my 
defensive skills, but it saps a good part of the fun out of the game; 
don't get me wrong, even if groups were readily available at all times 
I'd still solo half the time because I like to... but I'm soloing 90% of 
the time, and most of the time I'm grouped has been one or another of 
the same couple people in ED.

It seems to me the best solution to the problem would be a good sized 
guild with a lot of people playing at all hours (or at least, at the odd 
hours when I'm on).  But unlike previous characters faced with such a 
problem, I'm not inclined to jump ship to a more suitable guild, because 
that other guild won't be operating under the ED oath that is the whole 
reason for this character.

I've tried another solution, which is making a couple alts at lower 
levels, theorizing that when other ED members log on, I'll hopefully 
have an alt in their range, so I can switch over and join them.  Thus 
far that hasnt' worked out either, but then again, I'm currently busy 
enough IRL that I'm not going far out of my way to make it happen; even 
when someone else is on, I'm likely doing something else IRL and not 
willing to commit to the full time attention to EQ that grouping demands.

Sometime in the next week or two I plan to get my son hooked up with a 
new computer (his old one is currently hanging on by a thread) and an EQ 
account of his own, then I'll start a new alt to group with him; I'm not 
sure whether we'll stick with ED rules or maybe use those toons as a 
cash sink and task generator for my bard; he can farm "uber" gear for 
them off level 30-40 mobs, exp for him and twinkage for them!  At any 
rate, playing those alts should give some of the rest of the guild time 
to catch up to Midi, we'll see if that works out.

Lance
Aka Midi, 30 Vah Shir Bard of ED


