From 8196480015543190706
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d73200ac650d1e93
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!uni-berlin.de!individual.net!not-for-mail
From: Frank E <fakeaddress@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Which MMOG to try?
Date: Thu, 16 Dec 2004 10:25:24 -0800
Lines: 112
Message-ID: <5NDBQUsaUCM4IMzhgTpPdbQfiBkR@4ax.com>
References: <Boadnd_kuLROU13cRVn-1w@dejazzd.com>
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Trace: individual.net WbNk69E3cxiocbm11VBZTAVb1xlCn3Nk73JdQrUBL8+tqRVDE=
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.6/32.525
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:26934

On Wed, 15 Dec 2004 18:54:52 -0500, Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
wrote:

>I'm a former EQ1 player, quit a couple months ago after 5 years and 
>several high level characters.  After a couple months off, I'm thinking 
>about getting back into playing, and thought I'd start the research as 
>to which to go with.

I'll do the EQ vs. WoW comparison since I'm in the process of moving
between the two. I haven't played EQ2 (although I might pick it up
early next year) and my highest lvl in WoW is 20, so I can't speak to
the mid and high end game. 

>I want a game where I can solo and group to reasonably high levels; it 
>doesn't have to be great (I was happy enough soloing a cleric any level 
>up to 62 or berserker any level up to 57 in EQ1, so it doesn't have to 
>be great... but it can't feel like dead stop either)

WoW does a good job in this area, most peopleagree that it's pretty
solo friendly all the way to max level.  Some classes appear to have
it easier soloing quests than others. My warrior has difficulty
dealing with 2 mobs of his level at a time. My rogue did a quest the
other night where he snuck to the top of  a tower full of mobs, any
one of which could have killed him in a straight up fight, snuck up
behind the boss mob at the top and knocked out long enough for me to
pick the lock on the quest chest I needed, then hit my sprint key and
make it back out past all the mobs that were still up. Took 5 or 6
deaths before I got it right but since death isn't a big deal it never
got frustrating. 

>I want a game with quests, real quests that are engaging and yeild 
>worthwhile rewards; EQ1 failed miserably here, despite having "quest" in 
>the name, there really weren't all that many quests for any given 
>character (having 10 quests for each of 10 classes for each of 10 races 
>is NOT the same as having 1000 quests, for any given character its the 
>same as having 10 quests)

People I know that play both EQ2 and WoW are pretty evenly split on
which has the better quest system so it's probably safe to say that
both are miles ahead of EQ1 in that department. Some here will bitch
about the hand-holding in the WoW quests but I like the fact that I'm
not going to spoiler sites to look them up. Most quests are open to
all characters although some are class or tradeskill specific. 

The quality of the quests varies. Many are pretty simple delivery and
slaughter quests (WoW's way of grinding exp) but even at low levels,
some are pretty interesting and involved. 

My warrior got one which started out just slaughtering some bandits
and bringing 20 headbands back to the caption of the guard. Once that
was finished, he wanted some further information and sent me to the
talk to the 'secret service' back in the capital, which started a
series of delivery quests that took maybe 30 minutes and actually made
a lot of sense in the context of the quest. After getting the
information, I was told to intercept a bandit courier (and given a
pretty good idea of where to find him). The courier had a note which
explained who the head of the bandits was. My next step was to escort
a traitor who would show me where their main base was. Now that I've
found the hideout, I'm given a quest to go in and kill the guy. Since
it's an 'elite' dungeon, this next step will take a group. 

>I want a game with tactical options to it, where with thought I can 
>apply the tools each class has to find new solutions to combat, and 
>combine the tools of several classes into even more new solutions.  I 
>-like- figuring out new plans and trying them.  EQ1 had this in spades, 
>if you looked for it, even 5 years in to the game we were still 
>stumbling across new uses for spells... or discovering that a new 
>situation made a tactic we'd discarded three years ago suddenly the 
>perfect approach.

Overall, I like the pacing of combat better in EQ1. In WoW, most
fights against normal mobs are over with in under 20 seconds. The only
saving grace is that they have elite dungeons full of tougher mobs.
What little I've seen of those gives me hope that group play will be
more like EQ1 if you stick to the dungeons. 

Tactical flexibility is a mixed bag. My warrior has things to do
during combat but not many meaningful choices that would make a huge
impact. He's more interesting than an EQ warrior of that level but
that ain't saying much. My rogue has almost too many tactical options,
even at his low level. ... but given the low hitpoints on normal mobs,
his tactics come into play mostly before I engage. I don't think
people really know yet what high end combat will be like in WoW so
that question will probably stay open for a while. It's simply too
early to say. 

>On the gripping hand, I've tried Warcraft III and don't care for the 
>game or the graphic style; how interested am I going to be in a MMOG 
>based on that? 

No way to tell w/o trying it. I was pretty much in the same boat
before trying it. I didn't really expect to like the graphics but I
was pleasantly surprised. They look better than I expected and I've
had some 'woah, this is cool' moments while exploring.

It's too early to say how much staying power WoW will have but I think
it's a safe bet that most people will get 3-6 months of enjoyment out
of it even if they don't go for PvP or raiding. There are only 9(?)
classes total but the 4 (warrior, hunter, rogue, shaman) I've played
into the teens play very differently. There will be a lot of
replayability there just trying out the different classes. 

> I've heard COH has a short play life, with game play 
>being largely the same at 40 as it is at 10.  I've heard nothing good 
>about SWG.  So whats left, other than waiting a few years for Vanguard 
>to come out?
>

DAoC maybe? 

Rgds, Frank



