From 7514224555510544715
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,303ca47e695519e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-09 17:42:20 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!crtntx1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <bob@DELETETHISplanetperez.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Lords of Everquest:  Explain this to me here...
Date: Tue, 9 Dec 2003 17:42:17 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <vtcufr2eddt5f3@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <bob@DELETETHISplanetperez.com>
References: <jkrBb.7$UF1.3@nwrddc02.gnilink.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 75
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11054


"Breathe" <breathe@redstarnospamsector.com> wrote in message
news:jkrBb.7$UF1.3@nwrddc02.gnilink.net...

> If someone could toss me a clue, I'd be grateful, for clearly I have none
> today.

Lords of EverQuest is a Real Time Strategy game, and follows most of the RTS
conventions. You choose a fixed map and start off on some isolated corner of
that map, unable to see other areas until you've explored them. You create
soldiers (units), some of whom can gather resources to help build up an
economy (by mining for platinum) and others who become soldiers to help
defend your empire and fight competing empires. As your economy grows you
can build structures which in turn open up other building possibilities and
make available other unit types (advanced soldiers, better equipped soldiers
etc). The goal in RTS games typically is to eliminate other competing
empires with your units in battle, or in some cases to win by virture of
hitting economic goals before they do, etc. It's real time and requires that
you optimize the gathering of resources while building your armies to defend
and expand because, sooner or later, the enemy is going to come after you
and you'd better be ready. This means that RTS games are generally click
fests where you are racing against time to outbuild your opponents and
strike before they do. In RTS circles you will hear the experts talk about
optimal "build orders" in terms of which buildings to build first, how many
of which units to build first and when, and so on. The strategic element of
these games is in optimizing your construction and advancement, and managing
the offense and defense vs your opponents.

The game is gorgeous and utilizes a nice 3d engine that animates your units
across a variety of colorful maps available for the game. It's set in a
world loosely related to Norrath and uses units that will sound very
familiar (the Blackguard wields piercers and can backstab, the Elementalist
can summon elemental pets and cast spells). Additionally, you can choose a
Hero to lead your troops and the Heroes are EQ archetypes that possess very
familiar abilities (the one I play is a priest type who casts Slow on
enemies and buffs friendly troops). Your little fighting units (including
your Hero) also gain experience as they kill enemies, even to the point of
gaining levels (and DING'ing with the trademark EQ Ding)!.

You can play 3 different solo campaigns against the computer, or you can
play individual skirmishes against the computer (basically, set up a map for
a one-time conflict with any number of computer opponents), or you can go
online and play up to 6 players online (2x2x2 teams, or 3x3 teams, or FFA,
etc).

If you've never played an RTS before, and you're a hardcore EQ player then
this is probably a fun way to get introduced to the genre. It's a hugely
popular genre, dominated by titles that others in this thread have mentioned
(Warcraft from Blizzard and Age of Empires from Microsoft have both sold
many millions of copies each). Although most of the reviews are not yet in,
it's true that it's been likened to a clone of Warcraft using EverQuest
characters. This in and of itself makes it interesting. I personally find it
moderately fun to play mostly because of the EQ tie-in, but I haven't put in
a lot of time with it, certainly not as much as I did with both Warcraft and
Age of Empires. It's got great production values, but I can't comment on its
longevity, AI, or core gameplay quality. The multiplayer game matching
service *looks* compelling, but the few times I've gone online to find
opponents I haven't seen a lot of players on, so I can't comment on the
multiplayer support. Contrast this with Age of Empires or Warcraft where
you'll find THOUSANDS of players online at any time of day or night. But
then those two franchises are on sequel releases with long histories of
success, so that's not surprising.

The game's only been out a few days so I haven't seen any game magazine
reviews and I haven't yet found a reliable online game review site. In my
opinion, the best way to get an informed view from RTS experts is to point
your newsreader at comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic and just ask there.
You'll find tons of posts on all RTS games, it's the A.G.E. for computer
strategy games.

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Luminary-Shaman of 57 Winters
Citizen of Firiona Vie




