From 4444266910935456299
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,31b21706d04e616e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-12 23:55:43 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!west.cox.net!east.cox.net!cox.net!p01!okepread03.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: mmorg: which to play?
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.net
Message-ID: <cqb6rvo9qs5pmq1vqhsnv8hfip0rkkv88a@4ax.com>
References: <advrb.4125$aT.2569@news-server.bigpond.net.au>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.92/32.572
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 196
Date: Thu, 13 Nov 2003 01:55:43 -0600
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.13.189.192
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: okepread03 1068710184 68.13.189.192 (Thu, 13 Nov 2003 02:56:24 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 13 Nov 2003 02:56:24 EST
Organization: Cox Communications
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7164

On Sun, 09 Nov 2003 17:56:22 GMT, "P2" <dontemailme@dontemailme.org>
wrote:

>I've been trying to find a game that's right for my style. I'm hoping EQ2
>will be but in the meanwhile I was hoping people might know of something
>that met the following criterion:
>
>1) Casual/solo gamer friendly as sometimes i have to go offline suddenly or
>go away for weeks on end
>2) Not automatically PVP ... The SWG system of making you neutral to
>everyone until proven otherwise was nice
>3) fun!
>
>Can anyone think of any? I tried EQ, SWG, second life, and a few others ...
>EQ was great at low level but the end game is not solo friendly and I was
>never able to get involved in raids etc with my real workld commitments.

I'm in FFXI online right now. It kicks much ass. Its a bit hard to get
into, in fact it will suck for about a day and a half for you. After
that it is like the GOD of all mmorpgs and you wonder why you played
that other shat.

Its an MMORPG that has many of the same features as a single player 
Final Fantasy. You do quests, the npcs animate while talking to you
and casting spells and such. As you soon discover, from watching other
players obviously stand by them, this is a private thing. In
otherwords, they avoid npc spam by having it be private for the player
talking to them.  The same is true of any quests or npc encounters
with in game cutscenes. These are very cool. As in the final fantasy
games, your character appears in them with its own name and whatever
it is wearing. This is a cool touch.

I'm a level 11 white mage mithra (kitty! ;)  ) on the odin server. The
odin server is pretty okay because there seem to be a lot of Americans
when I play. There is(are) no "north american release" server(s).
To get on the server you want, when making a character go to info or
something, rather than commiting, you'll then see the name of the
server it will be on. If you don't like it you can hit "back" and redo
a char.

You only get ONE character attached to your content ID. More than one
character is a DOLLAR extra a month, PER character. Due to the way
this game is made, one is really enough since it can switch classes
(jobs) whenever.


>SWG was terrific in some ways but if you go offline for long, your house etc
>is destroyed and starting from scratch again is not much fun, and having to
>run everywhere was stupid.


You do have to run around in FFXI, at least for a bit. At level 20 you
can ride chocobos as well as buy boat passes. Unlike other games, at
low level you pretty much are stuck in your starting area so make sure
you LIKE It. I started in Windhurst, which is the starting city of
tarutarus and mithra.

There is no PVP. When they have some, it will be region based and my
guess is voluntary. They say it won't be "Pk style," which I take to
mean you won't just be able to kill whomever.

One thing I notice, as a white mage especially I'd guess, is that
whenever I'm on i get asked to group by someone I've never met before.

This game has a little bit of downtime, you heal and med up by hitting
ctrl h. Its not as much downtime as EQ AND its lessened as you gain
skills as you level which are passive and boost your mana point or hit
point regen.

I still happily solo at 11 as a white mage, I hear you can't much
above that but I find this kind of hard to believe since it is still
pretty easy. I read a post by someone saying they were soling with
their 18 - 20 thief when they felt like it.

This IS a  game you can play for 45 minutes or 9 hours. In a few
minutes you can get some xp, loot, buy things at the auction house or 
finish a quest you have the items for. I spent the first few days just
going around the area of windhurst getting quests. I've completed like
24 quests so far, the rest I have are too high for me to complete yet.
I've also completed 3 missions (the fourth one is also pretty much too
high.)

Conquest adds a lot of depth to this game. Conquest is where you talk
to your gate guard guy, with a "W.W" after his name in windhurst, or
some similar captial letters in other cities. He casts "signet" on
you, which allows you to participate in conquest and get crystals in
areas you dominate. You then go out to the newbie areas and start
killing stuff, occasionally getting crystals. Crystals are used in
item making and crafts, can be sold to npcs for about 14 gil, their
largest use though is selling to players at auction for from about 50
gil for the most common to 200 gil plus for rarer types.  So as a
newbie you can suddenly be rich. Unfortunately I did not really know
about the conquest system until I was like level 6, so I missed out on
a lot ;)

In order to keep your region ahead in conquest points, you must have
more beastmen killed than the beastmen have killed players. Due to
this, other players have a vested interest in you a STRANGER not
dying. This is unique to MMORPGS as far as I know. It makes it seem
much more like people care. When you engage a monster, via a spell
landing or hitting it, its name changes to red showing it is engaged.
Then it is engaged with you until one of you dies. You can disengage
and try to run for it, from my experience this is impossible and it
will always beat you down (thief gets flee and presumeably some higher
spells add to running speed, as a white mage I don't get this stuff
(at least as far as i know, or yet anyway.) But the best part is CTRL
G lets you call for help. This automatically make the mob open to
anyone to beat down, which they will post haste or perhaps just heal
you. I called for help once when I was getting the beat down and 3
rather high level japanese players ran over, upon my death they then
emoted many emotes of great sorrow, much to my amusement ;)

Winning conquest means that you have a greater variety of cool stuff
on sale with the npc merchants, as well as having more npc outposts
with places to save. Like one day I was in the Bur something
penninsula, where a cute tarutaru could set my homepoint. A day later
we were losing the conquest war there against the beastmen (npc
monsters) so there was no such npc =(  Once again, all players in an
area have a vested interest in conquest. Crystals only drop in areas
where you are ahead of the beastmen in conquest.

I only have about 24 hours of playing time so far, but I can see the
great depth of this game. This is the first MMORPG I've played that I
thought was a labor of love, something that the designers made with
all the little nice things tossed in. My one real complaint is that
for some of the quests, as in EQ and such, the item for the quest is
somewhat of a rare drop. This gets irritating.

So if you don't have much time, you may want to play something like a
white mage which is more in demand for the time when you may have to
group for great gain. This is kind of a fast paced pickup group game,
where gain is fast, so if you have only an hour to play people will
still group with you.

As far as fun goes, I'm having oodles of it. Lots of things are fun.
When you are in a group the default method of loot is casting lots,
even this is fun. stuff drops and is in a pool, no one picks it up,
its just there. You don't even have to hang around that area. You then
hit the enter key and move it to a selection you did not have before:

Cast lot

you cast the lots on the item, high lot wins out of everyone casting,
or you can pass. You might pass if its a white mage spell and you are
a thief, or you could choose to cast a lot and sell it. No one seems
to really make judgements about this, but when my white mage won a
spell which was BLK or RED mage, though I plan to sub class in black
mage once 18, I gave it to the red mage after winning it - which made
him happy.

The other method of loot is loot master or something, also enforced by
the game (which is nice.) I've not tried that since it doesn't really
make sense for lower groups.

Even auction is fun and kind of deep. You go to the auction house,
stuff players put up for auction is there, though they are not (so its
not like the bazaar in EQ.. people don't even need to be online.)

You then select an item in the list, everything in the game that can
be auctioned is shown. If any of the item are up for auction, you'll
the the number of them up by it.. like

Defender crown     (nothing there, so none up)
Zealot's Gloves  [1]     (one of them is being auctioned)

Then you select the item, like said gloves. You look at the price
history, which shows successful bids made recently. Usually they are
within the same ballpark, like 250 - 350 for an item. So you select to
bid 200.. you wait a couple seconds, you see:

"that item was unavailible for your bid of 200."

you bid 250, repeat, finally you bid 350..

"You won that item with a bid of 350."

putting up items is even easier, select, pick a price, put it up. So
far I can only put up 7 items though there are more slots(not sure if
that changes later or not.) You can check back later to see if your
items sold, while at anytime you can go to your "house" (Mog house,
with a moogle, your mog safe, etc, you can put up furnishings you buy
in game from players or get from quests/kills ;)  ) and your gil for
items you sold is waiting there.

This game is the real "Everquest." As I said, I've done about 24
worthwhile quests, these are just the ones I have to do in Windhurst.
As you get higher fame in the city you are in, you are able to do
other quests which the NPC did not have for you before. Sometimes the
same NPC who gave you one quest, later gives you another. Your first
few quests are pretty fun and simple, low level items which drop often
from monsters right outside in the newb area. Then the quests are to
go to progressively farther away places doing more complex/dangerous
things (sometimes with a time limit.)

Well, thats a bunch of info right there, probably enough to let you
see if you might be interested or not.


