From -1127403787510570769
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,31c6c78a895fee35
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-10 18:27:10 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!msc1.onvoy!ply1.onvoy!upp1.onvoy!onvoy.com!news-out.visi.com!hermes.visi.com!ruti.visi.com!visi.com!ejensen
From: Ed Jensen <ejensen@visi.com>
Subject: Re: Why no emergency patch for the faction bug?
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <slrna8ef8j.aov.reply_in_group@localhost.localdomain> <u8evcnpau01g66@corp.supernews.com> <1%Lh8.194$GV.4986@newsfeed.avtel.net> <n9bi8.17085$N7.3683936@ruti.visi.com> <yfci8.226$GV.5526@newsfeed.avtel.net>
User-Agent: tin/1.5.5-20000605 ("1959") (UNIX) (SunOS/5.8 (sun4u))
Lines: 146
Message-ID: <0CUi8.19223$N7.4282803@ruti.visi.com>
Date: Mon, 11 Mar 2002 02:27:08 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.98.98.8
X-Complaints-To: abuse@visi.com
X-Trace: ruti.visi.com 1015813628 209.98.98.8 (Sun, 10 Mar 2002 20:27:08 CST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 10 Mar 2002 20:27:08 CST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:174198

Scott Kasai <keiichi@wenospamst.net> wrote:
: You are proof of group one. You assume nothing is wrong with how you do
: things.

I have no idea where you got that impression.

: At the same time, you believe that they should fix it this
: instant.

I have no idea where you got that impression.

: Problem is, nothing is ever perfect for every user, and nothing
: can be fixed in a jiff just cause you bought it.

I never said a game as complex as EQ should be perfect.

I never said a game as complex as EQ should have bugs fixed
instantly.

: Today alone in the chat
: room, every other person griping about the 1018 problem said, "I thought it
: said they fixed the 1018 problem."  The Patch message says the following:
: 
: "We *think* we've fixed *many* of the issues that were causing 1018 errors.
: At the very worst players should be able to log back in faster now"
: 
: Yet users out there who complained with that statement don't READ the
: 'think' and 'many' and just read it as:
: 
: "We've fixed the issues that were causing 1018 errors."

For the moment, we'll ignore the fact that for every person you
see complaining, you have no idea how many aren't complaining.
For all you know, the percentage of complainers is really low.

: That all they see.  Some follow up with the "Fix the 1018 errors!"  Acting
: as if it was flipping a switch.  This is a problem of mentality of the
: user.

Sometimes customers get upset when they encounter problems.  They
might even act a bit irrational.  Deal with it.

Condemning them as hopeless morons when they do get a bit upset and
irrational is foolish.

: No where have I stated that Verant doesn't have problems, this is
: the type of mentality I am describing of the majority of the consumers out
: there when they pitch a fit towards Customer Service.

I performed customer service/technical support for many years.
The product I supported was a database program written for DOS.

I did a good job.  I did better than a good job.  I did a great
job.  By the time I left the company, 99% of the customers that
called in for support asked for me by name.

Management even had meetings to discuss how to gently convince
callers to settle for support from someone other than me.

My arm is starting to hurt from patting myself on the back...

The point I'm trying to make (in a rather long-winded way) is
that customers are mostly not hopeless morons.  If you treat
them with respect and listen to them, you'll find they're mostly
helpful, cooperative, and respectful in return.  Even patient,
provided you're being honest with them and communicating well.

It's my opinion that Verant isn't very respectful of customers.
We get "bug fixes" couched in exceptions so that when the
problem isn't really fixed, language lawyers like yourself can
hop on usenet and say, "Well, they didn't *exactly* say it'd
be fixed.  Oh, and by the way, customers are morons!  Ha ha!"

Furthermore, the whole thing is even more ridiculous because
after this many years online, EverQuest shouldn't be having
nearly as many bugs as it does.  Proper development procedures,
quality assurance, and a decent revision control system would
make the game a lot more dependable, reliable, and stable.

In my opinion, Verant deserves all the complaining they get.
It's not like they try to honestly communicate with customers.
You're not doing anyone a favor by defending them.  Let them 
defend themselves.  Oh, that's right.  They don't bother to.
Because they don't communicate worth a damn with customers.

: You don't need to poll when you hear people in Guild Chat, in OOC, in the
: chat room, in Shouts asking the same stupid question that is mentioned in
: the MOTD that has been up for over several days.

I think you're grossly overstating the case.

: There are even some
: people who go, "It was?" or didn't bother reading it.  When it comes to
: having repeatedly stating the answer to the same question, it becomes a
: blaring fact that most people do not read it unless pointed to it.

You're making bad assumptions.  If you see 100 complain, there
may be 10,000 people out there not complaining, that you don't
know about.  That would make only 1% of the people complaining
and "not paying attention".

Hell, I don't even blame the people who don't pay attention to
the MOTD.  They bought a game, not a subscription to "track our
bugs with us newspaper".  Reading those long-winded MOTDs is
an irritating chore.  The game shouldn't be so buggy that I
have to track the MOTD that closely.  When I get home from a
long day at work, I want to play EQ, not keep up with their
latest incompetencies.

: No, just you who flames without a clue.  QA for a system setup that has
: over a hundred possible combinations of hard, software, OS and drivers and
: expect to have it work for everything is near impossible.

Except that's (part of) what I do for a living, and what I've
done for a living for the past 15 years, and it's not *that*
hard, and it's *certainly* not "near impossible".

The "EverQuest is WAY too complex to not have a million bugs!"
argument is a load of crap.

: As for QAing
: stuff thrown in, yes, they can do, but then, with 150 some zones, with over
: 30 or so mobs in each zone, hard to check everything in a timely manner.
: Throwing it on the test server might help, but then no guarentees
: everything will be caught there either.

The chore is not insurmountable.  It can be, and is, done by
hundreds (or even thousands) of software companies.

: No, it doesn't absolve them of the bugs they make.  But it does show
: players in general whine about crap that is already know and being worked
: on.

The squeaky wheel gets the grease.

Those annoying customers you love to hate are probably helping
arm-twist Verant into making a better product, and all you have
is contempt for them.  There is no excuse for some of these
ongoing bugs.

: But then, Ed has a problem figuring out how things work to begin with
: and flames without a clue too, so why bother explaining it either.

*YAWN*

-Ed


