From -6793270206054174984
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,35fd773f2d7661d1
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-04-25 04:37:42 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!feed2.news.rcn.net!rcn!newsxfer.visi.net!204.186.200.104.MISMATCH!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3EA91E04.7D2E2B87@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@dejazzd.com
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Advise on Necros...
References: <20030425062738.21855.00000143@mb-m16.aol.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 104
Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2003 11:39:53 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.232
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1051270793 66.109.232.232 (Fri, 25 Apr 2003 07:39:53 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 25 Apr 2003 07:39:53 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:278664



Jennaii wrote:

> My erudite necro is now level 15 playing in Paludal so I'll be 16 tomorrow :).
> A few questions:
> What is the best website for us?  Not impressed with casters realm...
> I always use a pet when not in a group.  Does everyone else?

Most do.  However, a necro can kill things without a pet if he needs to.  Snare
mob and stay out of melee range, use DOTs to kill it.  Later you get root and can
do this even better.  If you find a mob that melee's fairly well and is difficult
to fear kite, you may find your pet simply dies every time you engage... if for
some reason (a quest, a trade skill item, something) you really need to go after
that sort of mob, then the pet may be a waste of mana.  Pets are handy in that
they are a form of damage that is sustainable over a very long time, making mana
spent on them very efficient assuming they live long enough.

>
> My combat skills are lagging behind my casting.  Do I need to focus on them
> more?

Your casting skills should all be maxed out for your level.  You can do this
initially by going somewhere safe and chain casting your least expensive spells
over and over again until each type of spell is maxed out.  Once you are at that
level, you might avoid this boring chore for most spell types, since while exping
up to the next level you'll quite rapidly get the 5 more points in each skill
category for the spells you use a lot.  Some lines that you don't use much may
still require "exercise" to keep on top of; for some classes, Divination spells
are rarely cast, but when you -need- invis to work, its nice to have the skill at
50 (cap for level 15 I think) instead of 4 or 5.

Your combat skills, on the other hand, are going to suck whatever you do.  Mob HP
and AC will climb much faster than your skills, which are mainly capped at 3 times
your level, as a pure caster.  Melee classes get 5 times their level as a skill
cap, and get things like dual weild and dual attack, and tend to get more and more
strength and so forth, keeping them more or less in line with the increasing
abilities of their targets; you, on the other hand, are going to find your melee
output less and less important as you level up, even at your best.  Likewise, your
HP and AC goes up much more slowly than mob damage output, and you don't get parry
or riposte (dodge I think you do get eventually?) to help mitigate that damage,
plus you are on the "cloth" mitigation table, which means that even compared to a
warrior of the same HP and AC totals you will get hit more often, for more
damage.  Keeping thesee skills up is much less important than keeping casting
skills up.  Its also much harder, since you can't do it without being in combat
with mobs that are at least blue to you.

Oddly your most important combat skill(s?  do you get dodge as I think?) are the
hardest to raise; defense.  While your damage mitigation will always suck as I
said, its nice to get it as high as you can, for those inevitable times when you
get beat on despite your best intentions.  Sadly, the only way for this to go up
is for you to get beat on.  Try to do this in a controlled situation, with the mob
in question rooted so you can back away when low on health.  If possible, work on
it with a healer standing behind you to keep you alive, or arrange for a regen
type buff to keep healing you as you go.  A HP buff would also help a lot, as
would massive AC; you don't have to get hit or hurt bad for defense (and dodge if
possible) to rise, you just have to be the target of mob attempts to hit you.

Your offensive skills can be raised, if you wish, by fear kiting; snare a mob,
then fear it, and chase it beating on its back.  For more intensive work, there's
a point for most mobs where they will run away even if not feared.  When this
happens, call off your pet, don't cast any dots, just finish the mob off with pure
melee... which will likely take a long long time, giving you lots of extra
practice.  If the mob is snared it won't move at all, and you are fairly safe
(assuming you were kiting in a wanderer free area) standing there pounding away
for as long as you like, just watch that your victim isn't regenerating HP faster
than you are dishing it out, if he heals up enough he may well decide to turn
around and kill you after all!

The problem with melee, besides the fact that you'll be less and less effective
with it as you level up no matter what you do, is that it involves not sitting.
Sitting increases your mana regen rate and your HP regen rate... which is
important if you are using the Dark Pact line, to help offset the HP drain.

>
> I find I'm using Dark Pact *all* the time offset by Lifedraw - I have no money
> for kei.  Is this the logical thing to do?

KEI at your level is still a lot better than Dark Pact.  But eventually this won't
be true, and even now, its not all that much better if you don't have deep pockets
to support an addiction.  Its a good habit to learn now anyway, which will serve
you very well in the long run.  Additionally, you're learning to not die while on
this sort of spell, which will also serve you well.

>
> Any other advise?

Buy lots of bandages and max out your first aid skill; sometimes you'll find
yourself sitting there trying to regen mana and HP with nothing to life draw
(because at your current HP and mana anything nearby that you could pull will kill
you).  While sitting would give you more mana, HP off a high first aid skill will
be a lot more than the slight loss in HP regen you get for not sitting.  Bandage
Bandage Bandage, then sit back down.  This skill is quite ineffective at low
levels, but heals more and more per attempt as your skill goes up.  ( I think the
actual formula is 1/4th your skill in HP healed, but don't quote me on that)

Another good trick is to partner with a healer; they can buff up your pet HP as
well as your own, and funnel HP into you, which can be a lot like funneling mana
into you.  Druids and shamen can be particularly nice with necro's, as they have
lots of DOTs to supplement yours, and so fit in well with your play style.

Bergh




