From 9018647289177732279
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6cd4d37976247c37,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!bcklog1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 23 Jun 2006 22:55:05 -0500
Date: Fri, 23 Jun 2006 23:55:04 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Gnome SK
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <ye-dnRqq1JEEKgHZnZ2dnUVZ_r2dnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 64
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.37.133
X-Trace: sv3-PY6HiFZ1v2KTwPKeNLqhdfPAPLq14S97HPt+XfaG+wlW9Aqwosxe4kjAoHw5Huhm4DnbMdluYPvf3/u!UADFe/dwNFPUVsfB1s2vljSpmg0lkdDXrRTb0L+ER/378/DIK4Sn9cIiiw0QzJ57xj2atoNv6n7E!3NtglxqSSxk=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:2698

One of the classes I haven't played much is Shadowknight.  I tried, when 
I started this "see what I might want to play" gig, an Ogre SK, and gave 
up on it fairly soon because I concluded the starting area for the Ogres 
really sucked.

Well, after a bunch of other classes, I tried gnome SK.  Now Gnomes have 
a low str, there's no getting around that, but by plunking all the 
permitted points into it I got up to a respectable level for a starting 
character, and put the rest into stamina; INT I've got plenty of 
compared to that Ogre I tried before.

Things went a lot more smoothly, Steamfont is always a fun place to run 
around in.  I pretty much ignored the class armor quests and just played 
till I got to ten, then went back and did them after all.  Its all 
decent stuff compared to Gloomiron (which isn't going to be available 
anyway) and mostly doable much earlier than I did it, I just didn't feel 
like hauling all that bronze in.

The one real dissapointment of the newbie set is the final task reward, 
which is apparantly a 4/27 shortsword, if thats accurate its on a par 
with a tarnished one you can make yourself for a couple coppers and a 
rusty shortsword... and isn't close to my pride and joy, combine 
shortsword bought on a run to LRathe (yep, got my shovel again)

Barring saving up your coppers and buying Combine, I'm not sure what to 
do about weaponry in this brave new world, my expectations are so far 
out of whack nowadays that I've no idea whats worth the effort for 
lowbies stuck with just the old world and no ubers to bottom feed off of.

One downside of picking this combination is that I'm avoiding Crushbone 
due to faction considerations; apparantly I can currently walk into 
Neriak with impunity, but will screw that up killing CB orcs by the 
metric ton.  That means finding somewhere else to hunt... I went with 
Oasis, which has crocs and caimen on the beach that were great, nothing 
aggros, including other crocs, and when they run, they run parallel to 
the ocean, not out into it or inland to where the nasty aggro stuff 
lives.  I spent a lot of time calling off my pet and using my bow to 
gradually finish off runners, getting skillups secure in the knowledge 
that I wasn't running any risk.

Risk vs reward is fair, there, because there was no real reward either, 
just the chunks of meat.

I did some fear kiting, which was iffy because the fear runs off pretty 
soon, and Clinging Darkness doesn't last that long either.  Its also (at 
this level) mana intensive.  But I could kill red mobs reasonably safely 
using it.  Biggest trouble was it meant I wasn't working on my Defense much.

Here's an oddity; my offense and weapon skill (using just 1hs) capped 
out and keep capping out each time I level.  Taunt lagged behind for a 
while but has caught up.  But Bash, which I use every single time I 
taunt, is way back in the boonies, if its half my taunt skill I'm lucky.

Defense is down around the halfway mark too, which is a result of 
grouping some when I was young, but also of fear kite experiments and 
the like, its not too surprising, just disheartening.  Oddly, Dodge, 
which started a lot later than Defense or Bash, is almost to the level cap!

At this point I'm up to 16 SK, and there's a good chance this will be 
the class I'll go with.  Thing is, I'm still not sure I'll want to go 
with Gnome for it!

Lance
Seithr, 16 Gnome SK on Bertox


