From 2606025745669632039
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e8b659a46826ff14,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!news.zanker.org!border2.nntp.ams.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!uio.no!193.75.75.20.MISMATCH!news.eunet.no!not-for-mail
From: "The Uber Nuker" <largestclits@world.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: * The Class Winners & Losers (Post GoD)  *
Date: Thu, 2 Sep 2004 11:25:47 +0200
Organization: EUnet Norway
Lines: 89
Message-ID: <ch6ou6$nup$1@services.kq.no>
NNTP-Posting-Host: cd9088a52.sdsl.catch.no
X-Trace: services.kq.no 1094117126 24537 217.8.138.82 (2 Sep 2004 09:25:26 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: abuse@eunet.no
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 2 Sep 2004 09:25:26 +0000 (UTC)
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.3790.181
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.3790.181
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:15286

So the biggest debate of them all. The Uber debate.
"Which class won EQ? Which classes lost EQ? (post God)"
Here's the scoreboard for EQ post GoD:

The Winners:
All the winners are classes that can survive. All winners have a large
variety of abilties and skills whilst the true classes didn't get the boost
they needed in their sole class to maintain their positioning. Truckloads of
loot is mostly easily attainable for these classes. Something that had a
great impact on positioning was *summoning mobs*. This is because a majority
of trash mobs *summon* just like demi-gods now, effectively making root and
snare abilities obsolete and not needed to survive anymore. Soloing is
basically broken for all kiting classes from the PoP era at level 65. So
basically all classes with a chance to survive or take a beating from
summoning mobs will always be winners.. since everyone else dies... and
dying is the same as ~LOSING~! Voting was open to EP+ enabled guilds on
various boards.

1st Place - Bard (votes: 954) - No matter what you want to do, no matter if
its GoD, quadkiting in PoFire, or killing Emperor Crush for shits and
giggles, the bard is the best class in game. Period. You cannot kill a bard
unless he is drunk or wants to be nice to you. He is a backup plate tank if
your real tank goes down making him very valuable. Has awesome songs and
AA's. Play that lute you funky mofo.

2nd Place - Beastlord (votes: 762) - The class that killed off Shamans,
Mages and even tanks like SK's. This class is da pwn of da pwnz. 6 BSTs in
an LDoN cant go wrong, and its fun too! Can't find a plate tank for
minibosses? No problem, use a beastlord! With the amount of BST gear that is
easily attainable and useable means they are real winners. You could
probably make a whole guild and zerg everything thru PoP and still win ;-)
BST's have neat buffs, AA's and has a dangerous pet with an awesome push
capability /cough ;-)

3rd Place - Necromancer (votes: 553) - A nice class for any situation. With
feign death and ressurection, group mana regen, group heal over time makes
this class a real winner. Summoning mobs? No problem, just hit that FD!
Don't wanna lose your uber camp? No problem, just park an FD necro there!
Your group wiped? No problem necro ressurection is inc! Going low on mana?
No problem there either! Only lacks skills in tanking but the necro just
fd's escaping death. Have alot of variations and abilties to use in
different situations, and has probably saved the day for many groups and
raids many times.

---------------------------------------

The Losers:
These classes are losers due to the fact that they have one of the following
issues:
- Lack a variety of skills for different situations.
- Their true abilities do not boost them to the degree in which they can
maintain superiority.
- Have been nerfed to a degree where their class ability have broken them.
- Haven't played long enough so they have gimpy gear and aa's.
These classes die often, and dying is the same as ~LOSING~!

1st Place - Wizard (votes: 479) - His dps is a waste since he cannot use it
and survive the onslaught of summonings if he is to be comparable to other
dps machines. Snare and root are unusable since everything summons now.
Another factor is that the wizards dps is subject to drop to 0 (based on his
manapool), whilst all other dps classes can yield damage indefinately as
long as their HP > 0. There is no real need for the wizard class in any
situation, except raiding basically and then he still usually dies if he
does his job correctly ;-)

2nd Place - Druid (votes: 371) - Isn't a real loser though, only a semi
loser. The backup healer & utility druid is still beneficial to this day,
but then you would rather have a cleric really, since you are already
wasting this spot in the group by not using a DPS machine instead. Another
factor is that most druids specialized in evocation and not alteration,
making their healing spells cost a bomb, and still while specialized in
evocation their dps is a joke compared to real dps machines. Only grab this
class if you cant find a cleric, or if you need a little bit of extra
healing in addition to the cleric, or if you wont need so much healing to
warrant a cleric and need more dps, or if you like to look at the woodelf
model. The amount of summoning mobs really hurt the druids playability.

3rd Place - Berserker (votes: 233) - Why? Because everyone else has 600+
aa's and truckloads of neat gear and the berzerkers haven't been around long
enough yet. You just know the berzerker has crap gear and most likely only a
Baron. This will likely change in the future as more max out their aa's.


Cheers!
The Uber Nuker,
~~~~~~~~~~~~





