From -1435742552853968561
X-Google-Thread: fb739,af7a3a1d8b3f88ea,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 16 Jul 2004 07:05:35 -0500
Date: Fri, 16 Jul 2004 08:05:34 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mammoth Hunting
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <4KOdnTqXpMANWWrdRVn_iw@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 104
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.252.68
X-Trace: sv3-wyFfnLaV26DNhcBalwwDvbb1znJ4DyRb1V/nJfeCU5zXefmi6kuve+WIW181BePq0URR+K+hUmMCbul!7TZutwRb1rx4AwnbPrC5dK/DBG+kch00bQGcoSb1YlDLnUAOhsBvdGgk501QD7vBv51A2vXBARo=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:9997

This is my current "what to do when I'm not doing anything" camp with my 
berzerker.

Everfrost is right off POK via the Halas book, and its a short run out 
to the hunting field; even better the hunting area is right at the 
adventurer camp there, making it very handy for LFG or even while 
waiting for an LDoN group to fill up even if we are going to some other 
dungeon.

At 31 all the mammoths are dark blue to me, at 30 the corrupted mammoth 
was even con.  I was able to solo the regular mammoths even when they 
were yellow to me, though, as long as I applied myself, using stun axes 
liberally making sure to use frenzy every time it came up.  By level 30 
I was able to take down several mammoths in a row before sitting to 
regen/bandage/focus will.

Everfrost is an outdoor zone with no "hot zone" tag or anything, so I'm 
guessing the ZEM is the usual 75.  And because there's often a delay in 
finding the next mammoth, I'm not killing as often as I could even 
within the limits of berzerker hp regen.  This means the exp isn't 
fantastic.

Why am I doing this, then?  Well, several factors.

One, the money.  Mammoths drop one or two mammoth tusks, which sell to 
vendor for 10pp each, and there's a vendor right there now (the Magus). 
  Yes, half of them drop nothing at all, but still, this is a very nice 
cash camp for the effort; in fact my mage used to kill these guys while 
waiting for LDoN even at level 60+, just because it took minimal effort 
and was better than just sitting there.

Two, easy solo content for a melee class with no special single pull 
abilities.  While I can (and have) take two of these at once, it means 
taking half again as much damage as if I killed them one at a time; this 
same thing applies to other mobs around the world I can't reliably get 
single.  With mammoths, its pretty easy to get just one, problem is 
finding the next one to kill!

Three, sheer convenience; this is something I can do when I have only 10 
minutes to play without spending all ten minutes getting to the camp. 
Today I logged in to a "servers going down in a half hour" message; I 
logged out 5 minutes before posted time and had scored myself two blue 
and 60pp plus a few skill ups.

Four, Mammoths.  Its a barbarian thing, you wouldn't understand

Anyway, I thought I'd bring this up for the people who don't know about 
the camp, but also to look for pointers on how to do it better.

I generally stick near the adventurer camp, as there seem to be spawns 
around there fairly frequently, so I run up the hill just next to it for 
an unobstructed view, or over across the river to the east, and swing 
around to the north, generally keeping the adventurer camp more or less 
in view and making an egg shaped orbit, up and around counterclockwise 
and back down so the point of the egg is right around the magus. 
Trouble with this is that frequently other people are also... well 
hunting might be too strong a word, but people in the adventurer camp 
itself will walk a few feet to kill a mammoth just in case its got tusks.

I used to have to steer clear of the Tainted Mammoth, but at 30 was able 
to kill him, trouble being that immediately the Corrupted Mammoth spawns 
on his body usually, and going from even full hp I get to around 65% 
just doing the tainted, that remaining 65% isn't enough to kill the 
corrupted.  But I found that by beating the tainted down till he flees, 
rooting him, and backing up to finish him off with throwing axes, I can 
be out of corrupted aggro range when he spawns.  Tainted drops nothing, 
but he's higher level so I get the exp, plus he seems to occupy a spawn 
slot that could be taken by regular mammoths which are my cash cow.

Any advise on how to find more of these guys, either in terms of other 
areas where they spawn which might not be so camped out, or in terms of 
what else is on their spawn cycle?  I currently kill calfs whenever I 
don't see a mammoth, and sometimes orcs and even spiders, hoping that 
they are on the table.

I went to all the trouble of inviting a 24 druid I was vaguely 
acquainted with to come hunt with me... and it turned out she didn't 
have track.  I thought that was level 20?  Well, anyway, SOW helped find 
them a bit quicker, DS helped kill with even less of my HP bar spent, 
heals helped cut down time a bit, and her pathetic attempts to melee the 
mob didn't slow me down, as they didn't make me laugh too hard to keep 
hitting the frenzy button.   I'm not sure this made  up for having to 
split all the cash 50/50 (and the exp what, 60/60?), as I doubt my kills 
per hour doubled, I'd been counting on track to making finding the next 
mob much faster.  That's ok, though, as grouping is its own reward.

How about long duration buffs that might help?  Temp, although thats two 
  tusks spent, the AC would mean taking less damage per kill, and the 
higher HP would mean I could go longer between sitting, and thus take 
advantage of the ramping of sit regen over longer durations.  Plus it 
would probably give me enough HP to take out the corrupted.  HOS would 
help me do more damage and so cut down how much I take.  COE would give 
me some DS and... attack?  SOE would let me find the next mammoth 
faster.  What else has a healthy duration and might help?  By and large 
I do this unbuffed, because I don't like buff begging and I'm poor 
enough that actually paying for buffs that don't help much doesn't 
attract me.  Since this is a cash farm operation, though, if I spend 
30pp to make an extra 60pp per hour, well, that might make sense.

Grage, 31 Berzerk Mammothslayer, Luclin






