From 7450590280278749375
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,5fc65d0abca7233b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-04 06:33:45 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!pd7cy1no!shaw.ca!news-out1.nntp.be!propagator2-sterling!news-in-sterling.newsfeed.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To:  emporer@dejazzd.com
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Any value for a 55 Shaman in LDoN?
References: <vsse7t1his6t19@news.supernews.com>
In-Reply-To: <vsse7t1his6t19@news.supernews.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 147
Message-ID: <xLHzb.370$tw1.24803@nnrp1.ptd.net>
Date: Thu, 04 Dec 2003 14:44:45 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.233.20
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1070549085 66.109.233.20 (Thu, 04 Dec 2003 09:44:45 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 04 Dec 2003 09:44:45 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:10194



Bob Perez wrote:

> Maybe it's just the one or two groups I've wound up with recently, but I'm
> going through a bit of an identity crisis right now when I do LDoN missions.
> I joined up with a very competent group last night (Bard puller, very
> well-equipped Warrior MT, Cleric MH, Wizard and Necro for DPS). We breezed
> through the adventure in less than 30 minutes. The problem is that I felt
> uncomfortable the entire time because I didn't feel like I was making much
> of a contribution.
> 
This sort of problem is an old story for clerics; once they were kings 
of the healing game, but then as better gear and better strategies and 
better spells came into the game, it got to the point where they weren't 
necessary, or even optimal, for the healing job; you wanted a shaman 
instead, who could heal plenty well enough on slowed mobs, and who 
brought haste and stat buffs along as well.  Then POP came along and 
brought the cleric holy grail; mobs that hit so hard that even slowed 
you needed cleric level healing to keep tanks alive efficiently; the 
cleric + slower combo.  As usual, though, better gear and better 
strategies (not to mention the availability of better spells) has since 
eroded that to where many groups will do fine with just a shaman healer 
in POP.

> The kills went so fast that it didn't make any sense to try and Slow or DoT
> them. We had a superb nuker and plenty of DPS so I didn't much value to add
> there. . The few times I tried to debuff the mobs I wound up getting
> resisted and the mobs were  usually dead by the time I even knew about it.
> And forget about Malo, no time for that. In the end the primary contribution
> I made was with buffs and that's ok, but contrast this to my experience in
> the Planes.
> 

Shaman are best healers where mobs hit hard and live a long time.  LDoN 
mobs hit softly and die fast.  I've been in groups where we used ranger 
and paladins as the only healers and did decently; LDoN isn't a healer's 
environment!

> In the Planes, things hit HARD and FAST, and so Slowing is hugely valuable.
> With a Slow rated at 75% I often get invites from higher level teams in
> god-awful places needing a Slower. Also, the kills last a long time so it's
> not uncommon for me start off with a Malosi, let the MT gain aggro, land a
> Slow, report the results, let more aggro gain, stick a DoT on top, canni
> back to full mana, and then finish off the mob with a coup de grace nuke. If
> there are mezzed mobs in camp I'll malosi/slow them as well and announce
> results when the MT is ready for a new target so that he can choose which
> one to fight next. This is fun and it's very clear the contribution that I'm
> making in these situations.
> 
Yep, shaman really shine in this sort of environment.

> But LDoN doesn't seem to work this way. Because of the explicit timer,
> action is fast and furious and team construction is often built around rapid
> kills designed to last less than a minute. And that's how it should be, this
> isn't a complaint. And the experience can be great. But I have to admit,
> it's not fun feeling like I'm leeching.
> 

What you have to do here is adapt; figure out what the best thing you 
can do is under this environment.  My guess would be malosi, send pet, 
fast running DOT, and most important, Backup healer.

If you read my response to Jennaii's "cleric question about death" 
you'll see me advising that the cleric really shouldn't be healing 
anyone but the MT if there's a backup healer in the group, that its 
really the backup healer's job to do all other healing, and even your 
responsibility to keep the MT alive with patch heals while Cheal is on 
the way.  The Main Healer's job is to keep the MT killing, Your job as 
backup is to keep everyone alive, EVEN THE MT.  Look at it that way, its 
a bigger responsiblity than that of the main healer.  Sadly, normal LDoN 
runs are oftens so low on healer requirement that the cleric won't be a 
bottleneck even if he does all healing for the group.

People keep saying "DPS was covered"... but it never is covered.  More 
DPS is always better, in any group.  If you ever have mana and casting 
time going to waste, deal damage, it can't possibly hurt.  The only time 
when this rule isn't true is in static camps, where there are only so 
many mobs per hour available, then, enough DPS to kill them all is all 
you need.   But in LDoN runs, or most exp camps, the faster things die 
the more exp per hour you get, plus LDoN has that time limit thing, and 
killing faster is always better.

As a shaman, you aren't the best DPS class in the game, but you -can- 
contribute significantly if there's no better use for your mana.  Fast 
DOT early, Nuke if its still alive, faster it dies less healing mana it 
takes to keep tank alive, and faster you get the next mob pulled and dying.

> I'm wondering, will LDoN at the higher levels (60's and above) be any
> different? Will it ever become more like the planes in terms of how fast and
> hard the mobs hit and therefore the value of my full arsenal of tools and
> weapons? Or am I destined to be the buff monkey for LDoN from now on?
> 

Here of course I have no more answers than you do, except to note that 
the mobs are still going to have to be short lived, because its apparant 
from reading people's posts that the missions are essentially the same, 
just the difficulty of the mobs vary.

Something I'm thinking is that as a shaman, particularly one teamed with 
another healer, you probably should be looking at Hard missions if you 
want to be a slower.  This should make the mobs hit a lot harder, which 
should make slowing more worthwhile.  But you need to be able to slow a 
LOT of mobs, and you need to be able to land that slow fast; if the mob 
is half dead or 3/4ths dead when it lands it isn't doing much good at 
all.  Best slow targets are always the ones sitting mezzed in camp 
waiting to be Next Up, they are slowed for their whole lives.

Since it looks like a regular group composition for us will be Cleric, 
Shaman, Mage, Enchanter, Warrior, I'd suggest best strategy would be to 
pull multiples, mezz adds, kill first pull unslowed while you slow the 
rest.  This way you'll be saving cleric 70% mana on 75% of the kills, 
while not drawing slow aggro off the warrior on the first kill of each 
cycle only to land your slow halfway thru the kill, saving a mere 35% 
cleric mana.  If it looks like slow is a real help on Every mob, though, 
having the enchanter single pull with lull and tash, and mage landing 
Malosi on incoming while you're slow is casting would be an optimal 
plan, getting those resists down into the basement so your slow Does 
land first thing, and doing it in team mode like that so you dont have 
to wait for your own malosi to cast and then spell gems to cycle back 
up, mob half dead by the time you get to your first attempt.

The other question you have to ask yourself is, what does the group need 
most to succede?  Some missions, the healer is the bottleneck; we end up 
having to pause occaisionally in order to let her catch up on mana. 
Here, we need to figure out whether doing some slowing or faster killing 
or you sharing more of the healing are the best use of your presence, 
but its clear a shaman is a pretty good choice for doing at least two of 
those jobs.  Some missions, though, its just the mobs aren't dying fast 
enough.  There, you need to be dotting and nuking and not worrying about 
the slow and heal plans so much; if the cleric isn't running LOM then 
she doesn't need the help there, and DPS is the answer.  Some missions, 
we are in danger of people dying on many of the pulls, this means we 
need to look at the pull strategy, but it also means we need to look at 
backup healer plan, or we might need you to do CC: shaman get root and 
pet and can tank themselves; with stoicism available off tanking and 
having pet off tank can be viable ways to park mobs, less so as we level 
up and until you get Torpor, but still worth thinking about.

Another thought, on normal difficulty missions, you might want to try 
being primary healer; cleric isn't a necessity, something the class has 
long lamented.  Coud have replaced that warrior with a paladin (backup 
heals, rez) and the cleric with a DPS class (or if it was Dari, let her 
be backup heals and DPS herself)

Splendid One, 55.95 Gnomage, Firiona Vie



