From 6274325000837512261
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,18171235e3c93565
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-12 11:44:13 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: il128@my-deja.com (il128)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Transcripts of the Brad McQuaid VS. Conquest banishment
Date: 12 Jun 2001 11:44:13 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 245
Message-ID: <c1d12700.0106121044.8e27798@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 12.34.19.249
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 992371453 21298 127.0.0.1 (12 Jun 2001 18:44:13 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-support@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 12 Jun 2001 18:44:13 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:84789

From: McQuaid, Brad [mailto mcquaid@verant.com]
Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2001 3:36 PM
To: 'Gtath'
Subject: RE: Response to your letter dated 06/06/2001


I'm determined to get to the bottom of this and understand all that
went on fully. Should you be my point of contact? Are you willing to
talk by phone if necessary? Can you keep this pretty much between us
until we get to the bottom of it all?

--

---------------------------------------------
Brad McQuaid
Vice President, Premium Games
Sony Online Entertainment/Verant Interactive
---------------------------------------------

From: Gtath [mailto:gtath@home.com]
Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2001 4:07 PM
To: McQuaid, Brad
Cc: "Itzlegend"
Subject: RE: Response to your letter dated 06/06/2001


I'll be happy to be your point of contact in the absence of anyone
else.
I'm not an officer or tactician for the guild, so let me try to get
one of
those people involved before you decide on me as your point of
contact. I'm
more than willing to use whatever form of communication you prefer,
and have
up to this point kept our communications confidential, save for
posting your
message to me, and my response to it in our private forum.

I'm copying this message to (RL name removed), who plays the character
Itzlegend,
and is the leader of our guild. (RL name removed), please respond to
this message, I
believe it represents a good faith effort on Brad's part to have two
way
communication on this issue instead of issuing multiple public
statements.
I think you're the one best suited to speak on behalf of the guild.

-----Original Message-----
From: McQuaid, Brad [mailto: bmcquaid@verant.com]
Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2001 6:57 PM
To: 'Gtath'; McQuaid, Brad
Cc: "Itzlegend"; Butler, Jeff
Subject: RE: Response to your letter dated 06/06/2001


Hi guys,

Just to let you know, I've personally spent many hours today and
yesterday investigating what apparently happened that night you were
all suspended. It was complicated enough that I involved all sorts of
people: the GMs who witnessed the event, Jeff Butler who also
witnessed the event, Kendrick who designed the zone, the programmers
who wrote the AI NPC code, and the GM who is in charge of
investigating and recreating these events. I also read through both
the logs you've provided and our logs of the event (which show the
battle, the status and location of the mob, who he was mad at, where
he was trying to go, how many HP he had, etc.).

First, I'll say that our original public statement was too vague and
it also contained a mistake on our part: it turns out the data on the
live servers WAS wrong such that the sleeper when awakened did NOT
show the correct model (and instead displayed the default model, the
male human). We apologize for this.

That said, our investigation and logs have lead us to creating the
following account of what we believe took place and the methods by
which the encounter was exploited. If you feel any of these are in
error or are inaccurate, please feel free to respond accordingly.

The exploits were performed as follows:

1. Garner high amounts of hate on PCs who are positioned in a location
the NPC cannot walk to (in this case, under the bridge).
2. Begin attack
3. NPC then takes enough damage to start summoning
4. Players who are summoned (once every 18 seconds) immediately jump
off bridge, returning to the safe point (knowing NPC is unable to
damage them, follow them there, or summon for another 18 seconds.
5. During this cycle, the other PCs who are not on the top of the hate
list get multiple free rounds of attack without fear of retaliation
6. In the rare event that the topside PCs generate enough hate to get
turned on, they are Call of Hero'd or Resurrected out of danger.
7. In summary, the key to this exploit is that during the majority of
the 18 seconds the NPC is waiting for his summon to recycle, he is
unable to follow and/or damage the PC he wants to kill, creating an
opportunity for the other PCs to deal free damage.

This is safe zone exploitation, similar to standing on a wall and
blowing up an NPC who cannot reach you because of a pathing bug, the
only difference being that in this particular case every 18 seconds
the NPC had a brief albeit ineffectual opportunity to deal damage.

In addition, the majority of PCs in the immediate area have spell
effects (e.g. the res effect, snare, etc.) that render them immune to
the NPC's area breath weapon, further enabling them to deal damage to
the NPC with impunity
as well as offer support to the other PCs in the area.

--

---------------------------------------------
Brad McQuaid
Vice President, Premium Games
Sony Online Entertainment/Verant Interactive
---------------------------------------------

-----Original Message-----
From: Itzlegend [mailto:itzlegend@hotmail.com]
Sent: Thursday, June 07, 2001 7:42 PM
To: bmcquaid@verant.com
Cc: gtath@home.com; jbutler@verant.com
Subject: RE: Response to your letter dated 06/06/2001


Brad, that isnt an accurate account of our tactics and you know it.
You can
plainly see by looking at our chatlog that was NOT our intent and
definatly
not what we were attempting to pull off. In fact i made many
statements
about how we could keep the clerics off the list so they wouldnt be
summoned
in the first place - and so the mob would stay on me (the main tank).

Sure, what you said would work that way - the cleric MIGHT be able to
get
back off the bridge before dieing after a summon, only to be summoned
up
seconds later and promptly killed. It just isnt feasable - i.e. it
would
NOT work. Beyond that point we werent even attempting what you
describe -
how can you be banned for an exploit that doesnt even work? The only
people
able to maintain hate while jumping off the bridge is clerics and
other
healers. These people are also killed off quickly.

If you can really see who the mob is aggro on - then you can plainly
see
that 80% of the time that mob is aggro on ME.

If you are so convinced you have figured out the exploit - then simply
try
it yourself - because it WILL NOT WORK. Any priest class who is
jumping off
the bridge will be killed in very quick fassion. And any melee class
who
trys that would simply fall off the haste list in no time at all.

Im sure you have seen our sleepers video. I tanked first, second, and
third
warders 99% of the fights, with 3 clerics healing me. The 4th warders
melee
is NO MORE powerful then any of the others - quite weak to a warrior
of my
caliber in fact. With the clerics i had there in my group i can tank a
warder for a solid 7-8 minutes with no chance of death.

This is so simple. The ENTIRE challenge of the fight (once the AE's
were
mitigated) was keeping the warders on ME the entire fight since i was
having
trouble holding up my aggro with the AE slow effecting me. If the
warder
was summoning clerics - we were LOSING. And never would have won
useing
those tactics, exploit or no. Again, HOW can you be banned for an
exploit
which DOES NOT WORK.

We fought this warder the EXACT same way we fought the other warders,
accept
for this one we kept rez effects on the tank.

-1 warrior (me) tanks.
-3 clerics, a bard, and a magician are in my group
-The rest of my group goes below the bridge to avoid the AE
-I build up hate before the rest of the melee add.
-The 3 clerics heal me, and occasionally get coh'd by the magician to
keep
their aggro LOW
-Rest of the melee add, and kill while I get healed.

This is the strat we used for all 4 warders. Clerics can keep me alive
NP,
and with the melee immune to the damaging and slowing AE - we were
able to
do a decent chunk of damage. Why did we lose? Well, the people under
the
bridge got aggro'd , and summoned up and killed. We planned on trying
again
after i got some self-healing items to build up my own hate more, so
that i
could tank 100% and so the clerics wouldnt get killed.

You and I both know it isnt fair to ban 28 players for useing an
exploit
that doesnt even help you with victory.... even if we WERE trying to
do what
are you saying.

If you still think they are "exploitable" the way you say - please
please
just try it out yourself. If the clerics get summoned, you are SOL and
will
never win the fight. The mob does its AE's when it is meleeing (wont
cast
its AE from a distance like a spell). So your clerics will get quad
500+
most likely for 2 rounds of attacks and either a 750 DD or a 250dd
silence
which will stop them from being able to cast for a while. 1 summon
will
totally devistate even the best equiped clerics. 1 Summon will even 
devistate a melee if they dont have the proper system of heals
allready in
the process of being cast on them.

Could we have killed the 4th warder useing rez effects on tanks?

Yes, definatly. But it would have required the 4th warder being on the
main
tank 100% of the time. This exploit you speak of only means you are
loseing
the fight if it is working the way you say it is....

If any of this isnt coherant (i know i've rambled a bit) let me know
and i
will try to further elaborate on why, even if we were useing this
exploit,
it would only hurt the raid rather then help... please let me know.

-(Name deleted)


