From 8431015977632091199
X-Google-Thread: 100ff8,7345e1921c455978
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7345e1921c455978
X-Google-Attributes: gid100ff8,gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newshub.sdsu.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: The MMOG Competition is in full swing ...
Date: Thu, 2 Sep 2004 21:42:20 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10jftcqd921sd45@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <10jfk6aeqmqbled@news.supernews.com> <IERZc.303735$J06.285943@pd7tw2no>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 101
Xref: g2news1.google.com comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:14811 alt.games.everquest:15363


"bombelly" <bombelly@wahs.ac> wrote in message 
news:IERZc.303735$J06.285943@pd7tw2no...

> Hi Bob. :-) foamy [ Jim ] here, with a new nick. :-)

Hey Jim! I wondered what had happened to you. I still have "foamy" in 
address book, I'll have to update it.

> Man that's great you got into the other game. :-)

Yeah I'm having fun tonight. :)  Truth is, I'm happier than pigs in shit, 
but ... ahem ... I'm trying to be reserved here. I will probably focus on 
the WoW stress test since that one's going away on the 9th, and the other 
one will be around for a while. But I'll be delving into both. I've already 
filed 6 bug reports in Wow, minor stuff mostly.

I can't add much to what others have said about WoW since I'm a total noob 
and haven't had much exposure yet. Initial impressions after a few hours of 
play are mixed. On the one hand, it's a great quest support system and I 
like being fully occupied with quests. I prefer having some purpose to my 
mindless leveling. ;-) The quest system is very elaborate and very 
supportive of the traditional questing you find in these kinds of games. 
Quest givers have an exclamation point above their head, so you know who to 
talk to if you want a quest, and you don't have to stop and interrogate 
every single NPC in the game in hopes of finding the right one. The 
requirements are very clearly memorialized in your quest log, and you even 
get a little onscreen system message showing progress vs goals. For example, 
if your goal is to collect 4 Boar Crag ribs, you get a message as you loot, 
telling you that you've collected "3 of 4 Boar Crag ribs", so you know if 
you're making progress (or not). And when you've met all the requirements of 
a quest, the quest giver gets a question mark over his head so you know for 
certain when you're done. And when you then dialog with the quest giver he 
gives you a choice of rewards, so you could choose for example between a 
Cloth, Leather, or Chain bracer, for example. Neat. And nice quest 
experience.The downside is that it doesn't really feel like I'm questing, it 
feels like I have a very nice accounting system for my level and loot grind. 
Maybe I'm just feeling a little bit spoiled right now because I'm almost 
finished with my run through Gothic II, which has fabulous questing by 
comparison. I know, a story-driven, single player RPG has a far easier time 
building an appropriate quest system. Still, I think I expected more.

The biggest disappointment, though, is that so far I don't see anything 
really innovative about the game design. Very nice atmosphere and graphics, 
I do enjoy the ambience a lot. Running around hunting in the snow at night 
is gorgeous, like a well-lit scene in a classic Disney animated movie. The 
problem is that so far it looks like a very pretty re-iteration of the "kill 
rats for 10 levels" grind that's been around forever. My last MMOG was City 
of Heroes and I had a great time with it through level 30 or so, but that 
game bucked the trend by putting you right into the action out of the 
starting blocks. If the quests in WoW get good enough to keep me thinking 
primarily about them, and less about leveling, then I'll be happy. But so 
far it's mostly fedex and "Kill X number of Y". I'm hoping it gets more 
interesting. I understand that Blizzard is trying to get some stress testing 
done here, but I don't think they helped their cause by announcing a contest 
on the first day of the stress test, rewarding the *highest* levels at the 
end of test. Talk about setting the tone.

> I changed my e-mail  because of the quantity of spam I was getting, and
> screwed any chance of getting in.

Well, if you recall how Blizzard handled the Diablo2 stress test, it was 
right on the eve of final release, so you might not have long to wait.

> I bought CoH a few days ago and am already bored. Other than the character
> creation which is great, I think the game is a mile wide and 1/2 an inch 
> deep.

That's not how I saw it, but yours is not an unusual opinion. CoH is like 
President Bush - people either love him or they can't stand him. Not many 
fence sitters.

> How's WoW compared to all the other games we've played from UO on ?
> What would you say it most resembles in game play ?

Well, you know that nothing will ever be like that original UO experience. 
;-)  As far as what it resembles, it feels like EverQuest meets Queer Eye 
for the Straight Guy and got a big, stylish makeover. Lots of pretty 
graphics and great music, thematically consistent, stylized interface and 
support infrastructure (elaborate chat system, socials, macros, quest log, 
on-screen radar compass/map). Some of the artwork is gorgeous, kind of 
reminds me of the first dramatic moments when I first witnessed the Karanas 
bridge, or the city of Kaladim, or High Pass. Lots of really remarkable 
architectures and terrain. But the bottom line as far as gameplay at this 
point is that I'm still killing rats to get enough levels to kill bigger 
rats to get enough levels to ... and watching a prominent experience bar at 
the bottom of my screen.

Again, with only a few hours in and 10 levels under my belt, I can't speak 
very authoritatively about it yet, so I'll give it more time. Well, at least 
6 more days anyway.

-- 
Bob Perez

"Men do not quit playing because they grow old; they grow old because they 
quit playing."
- Justice Oliver Wendell Holmes





