From 178544980579553825
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7c6d173e0f958700
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-09 01:32:36 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: tukka@atlantic.net (Tukka Yoot)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: OT - Archaean
Date: 9 Nov 2001 01:32:36 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 100
Message-ID: <eeda2c57.0111090132.509fee38@posting.google.com>
References: <3be89dec$0$65163$1dc6e903@news.corecomm.net> <%E1G7.100$9O6.103534@news1.atlantic.net> <3be9d18d$0$30965$1dc6e903@news.corecomm.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.208.10.68
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1005298356 14908 127.0.0.1 (9 Nov 2001 09:32:36 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 9 Nov 2001 09:32:36 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:134302

> Yes the thing about Archaean it isn't MMORPG, its MOW Massive Online World,
> it should and hopefully will be different from other games. Perhaps someone
> with more money and resources will beat Archaean to the punch (perhaps,
> perhaps not.) but it doesn't matter.

  I suppose, but it takes more than calling the game something
different to make it revolutionary and exciting.  I can certainly
understand why a company might not want to be associated with previous
MMORPGs, but in essence, all MMORPGs are MOWs.  The world is defined
by the players.  If you perceive Norrath as a world, it is a world.  I
suppose the distinction between Archaean and EQ is that the designers
of Archaean are designing their world with the "game" aspect of things
in the background, and the "world" part in the forefront.  Still, I
think the entire MMORPG scene is moving in that general direction.
 
> The Dev Team for Archaean is really dedicated and are nice people. They
> participate in the messageboards about as much as the players do, they
> explain their theories and ideas to us, the players (well would be players
> =).
>
> The real action is in the messageboards where you can ask any question you
> want, post your feelings and people normally won't flame a new person...(I
> have yet to see it happen unless they were attacking the game and being
> extremely rude.)

  That's often the way it starts out.  It was the same with
Shadowbane, and the same with Hero's Journey (HJ may be a bit of an
obscure reference... will explain later in the post).  The developers
start off with a very open and patient attitude towards those
interested in their project, answering many questions, explaining the
their game design philosophies and methods, and what they would like
to put in to the game, and "what would be cool" and are very open to
outside suggestions.  As time passes, however, the developers seem to
become a bit more scarce on their message forums.  They have to start
getting realistic about what they can implement, what might have to
wait until after the game goes live, and what might have to be
abandoned altogether, and they have to start making concrete decisions
about the mechanics of the world.  They sign NDAs and get more
restrictive about what they can say.  They have to concentrate more of
their resources on making their claims a reality, rather than
pontificating about what the game will or may be like.

  I don't say any of this with bitterness, btw... I'm just saying that
what you're seeing on those message boards has been seen elsewhere and
it doesn't mean that what the developers would LIKE to do will
actually become a reality, nor does it mean they will maintain the
same open dialog as the development process progresses and the game
goes live.

> Again I like to sress that they are trying to make a Massine Online WORLD
> (world being key a world like simulations, classes and leveless I believe it
> shall be. Free to pursue your own wishes and dreams. Yes it is in the very
> early stages of dev but still I like to have an impact on a game before
> things are set in stone =) its a good feeling.

  If you read the Shadowbane stuff, I think though they don't
explicitly say that they are trying to create a "massive online
world", the same mentality certainly seems to be there.  Though it is
adventure driven, you can do things like run shops, and there is a
deemphasis on leveling and loot, and an attempt to create a stronger
emphasis on social/political elements in a dynamic world controlled by
player characters (who mostly happen to be "adventurers").  I
personally don't think that having a strong emphasis on
combat/adventure is such a bad thing, because it captures the
imagination.  Simulation is fine, but if it is simulation of overly
mundane activities, the experience is ultimately usually a bore
(though exceptions may occur, as evidenced by the success of The
Sims).

  I can certainly understand the good feeling in being involved in the
development of a game, though. :)  If I'd been there to conk EQ's game
designers on the head a few times, I'm sure we'd have a fundamentally
better game on our hands than we do now... or at least one that I'd
enjoy playing more.  It's too late to influence the designers ideas
about how the fundamentals of their games are going to work on the
next batch of MMOGs to be released.  On the other hand, without being
on the development team of one of these games, I don't know how much
patience I'd have for suggesting things to a game that's just on the
drawing board.  I'd just have SO many suggestions, until the framework
is narrowed, I just have too much to say. :P


PS: Hero's Journey. ;P  It's a game being developed by a company
called Simutronics (they currently have a few quality pay-to-play
MUDs... Dragonrealms and GemStone III most notably, but, like the
Archaean fellows, they don't like to call their games MUDs, even
though that's they are).  Anyway, as one of their long time customers,
I'm familiar with Simu and have a good deal of faith in them.  A
couple years ago, they announced their plans to release a graphical
MMORPG, and they participated heavily on a few message forums,
granting lots of cool insight into their game design methodologies and
what they'd like to do, commenting on a lot of the ideas of those
participating in forums, ect.  Then the postings dried up.  Last word
I heard (as of a couple months ago) is that they are still developing,
but those of us who have been following HJ have doubts as to whether
or not it will become a reality.  I know Simutronics and I doubt if
any company has a more solid understanding of the concepts behind
designing an online game.  If they can make HJ a reality, I'd put good
money on it being one of the most intuitive, fun, dynamic and
roleplay-friendly games to date.


