From 5901736182491975683
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e88671a7072fbea5
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-26 14:29:10 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: RP server data
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <qqg4rtcit7k7d2lggq70pc584od3rijhhq@4ax.com>
References: <NTmyO2SOdtqHFRVlNWQS6WxWuyhG@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 124
Date: Wed, 26 Sep 2001 21:29:09 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1001539749 24.3.225.40 (Wed, 26 Sep 2001 14:29:09 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 26 Sep 2001 14:29:09 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:121190

On Wed, 26 Sep 2001 14:30:06 -0600, Dark Jedi
<Dark_Jedi@deathstar.org> wrote:

>http://eq.castersrealm.com/viewarticle.asp?Article=3802
>
>It seems there will be some nice changes. 
>(Sorry if someone else covered this, I looked but didn't see any posts
>on it)

>My take: Suh-weeet! Many changes to promote roleplaying. Faction and
>alignment really matter, but PvP is off. I would like a workable PvP
>solution too, but PK asswipes make that near impossible.

Those changes have nothing to do with roleplaying though. As Brad
himself says every server is a roleplaying server and a rule set can't
really define it.

This is a bit like the trivial combat code, Verant seeks to accomplish
something by LIMITING which simply does not work. For example:

"Auction restricted to city zones: Qeynos, Surefall Glade, Highkeep,
Freeport, Rivervale, Erudin, Halas, Neriak, Grobb, Oggok, Greater
Faydark, Ak'Anon, Kaladim, Felwithe, Paineel, Cabilis, Kael and
Thurgadin."

What is that going to do and how is that going to make there be more
roleplaying? It isn't. What that means is simply that it will be much
more difficult to sell items, for everyone. Making the game harder on
customers does not increase the liklihood they will roleplay. This is
going to fragment auctioning to the point where its going to be nearly
impossible. Possibly freeport will become the "auction zone" jammed
full of players in west freeport out on the sand killing every orc
pawn and decayed skeleton they see but how is that going to really
foster roleplaying? More than likely it will do the opposite.

This is however, very cool:

"Very few items will be No-Drop. Exceptions will include things such
as newbie notes and epic weapons. "

See what they did there? Instead of LIMITING its REMOVING A
LIMITATION. That I like. Its moot whether or not that makes people
roleplay, in fact it won't since it has nothing to do with
roleplaying, since its a positive move no matter what server you were
on. I bet planes armor is still no drop though.

One problem with that rule: 

In case you have not already thought of it, that rule will attract NON
ROLEPLAYERS. In fact an entire guild from another server WILL replant
itself on this one to be the "power guild". Its going to happen, it
happened on the last new non pvp server. Optimizing power gamers don't
mind some limiting rules because they get there anyway and that rule
actually ENCOURAGES them.

"Language skills will improve only through group chat in the same zone
and from /say. 
Languages will only improve 1 point each hour and will be capped at
level*5+5 skill points. 
Common will not exist. A Human language will be added and only made
easily available to certain races. "

That seems a bit opposite to the spirit of roleplaying to me too.. one
point per hour.. judas priest. I think an irony here is that power
gamers will start a guild of a certain alignment which can all talk
together and become the power guild easily on the server while all the
roleplayers are trying to learn the language of the few other people
who really roleplay. 

"One character per account per server."

Most people who really power game have more than one account, possibly
even computer. That rule just really limits everyone and has nothing
to do with roleplaying either.

"The Trivial Loot Code will be in effect in all zones. "

Probably widely moot when as it says above nothing is no drop. One sad
problem though is a character like my druid can't get a shroud of
nature at a level where she can actually go camp it in the otherwise
empty droga. Lower level groups don't go there since its so hard = 0
shrouds of nature on the server for the most part. That also is
nothing to do with roleplaying and of course the power guilds will
circumvent that by babysiting lower levels for items. "Hey, I pl you
in droga while you get me shroud of nature?" "OKAY YEA DEWD!"

"Bind Affinity will be restricted for all characters to locations
where melee characters can bind on other servers."

OH MY GOD. Well now that is going to REALLY suck, FOR EVERYONE. 
God city of mist and zones like that will be even more empty. I mean
at least before the clerics and support people could bind so when
everyone got wiped out they could res the poor tanks sitting in
cities, now everyone will have to hoof it meaning HUGE corpse
recoveries.

"All characters will be /roleplay. "

Really accomplishes nothing.. its just being anon. Being anon has
its uses when being pestered but sometimes you might not want 
to be anon if you want to group or such.


Problem is none of those rules will foster roleplaying. None of them
are anti power gaming in fact a few DIRECTLY support what a power
gamer can do which the normal player can't. Since it is a new server,
powergamers will be the first people jumping on, the first ones to get
high level, the first ones to be selling everything and the first ones
to be mostly ignoring roleplaying. To them this will be a server where
they have MORE power, not less.  

I've heard someone say before that the behavior of the other players
will be controlled by "all the players who roleplay on the server
ignoring them if they don't roleplay." What will probably happen is
pretty much the opposite. Hardcore roleplayer types will be in the
minority and will really be out of the loop as opposed to trying to
put others out of it. 

What I really think this server should be called is the "Xenophobic"
server, a lot of people are going to enter the server as a like minded
guild with common goals and the ruleset may mean they will mainly be
self supported and not trade or converse with others. 

Email: dstephenAThomeDOTcom


