From 6326262390376301670
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6af69a3c9f8ff0bc
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-08-10 05:44:08 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!cyclone.tampabay.rr.com!news-post.tampabay.rr.com!typhoon.tampabay.rr.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Wolfie" <bgbdwolf@tampabay.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <23Ac7.231008$mG4.106219643@news1.mntp1.il.home.com>
Subject: Re: Advice/suggestion to tanks ... or anyone that wants a cleric symbol spell cast on them.
Lines: 136
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Message-ID: <qGQc7.26386$iq1.4705650@typhoon.tampabay.rr.com>
Date: Fri, 10 Aug 2001 12:44:06 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 65.32.45.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.tampabay.rr.com 997447446 65.32.45.40 (Fri, 10 Aug 2001 08:44:06 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 10 Aug 2001 08:44:06 EDT
Organization: RoadRunner - TampaBay
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:105420


"Scott T. Jensen" <stj@home.com> wrote in message
news:23Ac7.231008$mG4.106219643@news1.mntp1.il.home.com...
> A simple little piece of advice/suggestion for tanks ... or anyone that
> wants a cleric symbol spell cast on them.
>
> Carry around the components for the symbol spells you want clerics to cast
> on you.

Reasonable advice for tanks, but not for anyone else.  They
shouldn't NEED Symbol.   Let them learn to manage their
agro; that's a FIX, not a bandaid like Symbol.

> P.S.  Lately, as a cleric, I've stopped carrying the components for symbol
> spells.  I simply tell tanks that ask for one that I ran out of the
> components.  The good tanks then give me the components.  The great tanks
do
> what I outlined above ... i.e., never asked me to cast a symbol spell on
> them in the first place but in private asked me which symbol spells I do
> have, give me the components, and tell me how they'd like them given out.
> The BELOVED tanks give me twice as many and tell me to cast one on myself
as
> the same time I do them.  All BELOVED tanks have said the same thing:
Cleric
> survive, I survive.

So you expect the tanks to pay for the benefit of grouping with
you, but you won't pay for the benefit of grouping with them.
That makes sense, especially as clerics fare poorly soloing, at
least against mobs that aren't undead.

> Now I used to stock up on the components, but they seem more headache then
> they're worth.  And money isn't really the issue ... solely.  Once you
cast
> it on one member of your party, all members of your party want one and get
> upset and whine when they don't get one.  When I tell them the tank gave
me
> the component so to cast it on them, that shuts off all such whining.
Then
> there are tanks in groups without clerics or soloing that ask you to give
> them symbols spells.  Most offer to pay, but it is still a mana suck thus
> slows my group down and rarely do they offer more than it cost you to buy
> the component.  Easier to just tell them that I'm out of the components.
> Only once did I have a tank come up to me with the component and pay
(nicely
> as a matter of fact) for it to be cast on him.  I'm also at the level
(34th)
> where the auto-split is now commonly turned off and I thus mainly group
for
> XP ... so I really only make money when I win a /random.  I hate FFA and
the
> bitching that results ... thus just group for XP and meditate instead of
> loot to speed things up.  However, once in a while, I'm with a BELOVED
tank
> that makes sure I get my fair (and sometimes more than fair) share of the
> loot.  I guess I haven't gotten to the level where Group Leader / Master
> (when GL isn't a tank) looting is commonly done yet.  However, I'm hoping
to
> make it to 39th relatively soon and look at that first XP rez and the
> subsequent ones as my real money-maker from then on.

Other group members are easy:   "manage your agro, you do NOT
need it."   The main tank is the person that should be taking the
beating, not anyone else.

Tanks not in group are easy too.   "Sorry, it costs me AND my group
downtime to do that, as well as the reagent cost.   I'll do it, but it'll
cost you 4pp for all six of us, and 1pp for the reagent.   25pp worth
it?  Because that's about what it's going to cost us."   If he gives you
the 25pp, do it and do split the 24 with the group to make up for
the downtime   Most tanks requesting it won't, though.  Don't let
them dictate your game.  "But I need it to solo here."  "So don't
solo here, or pay the price."  /em shrugs

As a direct response, you might consider another thought process:

You'll find that speaking up for yourself does wonders.   All you have
to do is "Guys, if I don't get my share, I'll have to look for a group
where I can" to get it.   You don't have to enforce alpha-looting, or
autosplit on, or anything else.  You just have to enforce getting your
fair share of the loot.   If you can't enforce it, find another group.
For a cleric, getting groups is the easiest part of the game.  That's
not true for that rogue or monk hogging the loot in FFA, and, believe
it or not, they know it.   And they know that, without a healer in the
group, they're not going to get as much loot - if any.

That's power.  Use it.  Don't abuse it, but you do have the right
*and the power* to get your share of the benefits of playing.
Without you, that group is probably without a healer.  How many
of them want to stand around for 1/2 hr /shouting for a healer
just to get another one that'll probably do the same thing if they
won't share the loot?

As you level, you'll also find that, while the reagent cost skyrockets,
most groups WILL take care of their cleric financially.   You'll start
getting all the gems that drop, or get to coin loot (with split off) all
the corpses, or they'll just give you plat (or items) for grouping.
A cleric who uses a peridot Symbol can res, and everyone at that
level *knows* what a benefit that is.   They've also got both SHeal
and CHeal, and everyone at that level *knows* what those can do,
too.   Clerics at that point are something people build groups
around, and keeping them happy is a good way to keep grouped,
which means more XP and more loot for everyone.

The later twenties and 30's are the difficult spot, like adolescence.
Up until that point, clerics are just another healer.   After that,
they're a critical part of most groups.   Sure, some groups will go
with a shammy slowing and a druid, so they've got a couple of
inefficient healers (but the benefit of their buffs/debuffs/DoTs.)
MOST groups, though, are going to be formed around a cleric,
and they're going to go out of their way to make sure that cleric
wants to group with them again - or give them a res if they need
it.

As far as whether you should shoulder the burden of paying for
the reagents and carrying them:

Once you get over the notion that everyone needs it, it stops
being a killer expense until you get to the point where it's no
longer a concern.   Buff you, then the main tank, tell everyone
else who wants it to manage their agro.   When it starts fading
on you, stop the pulling and do you, then the tank again.   That's
about 4pp an hour.   Compared to the downtime you'd have if
you were soloing, that's nothing - IF you demand you get your
share of the loot.

If you're poor, but don't loot because you don't like the system,
you have no one else to blame but you.   It's REALLY  not the
tanks who are abusing the system; it's you who aren't using it.
It certainly sounds like you'd rather be a poor cleric, both in
terms of plat *and* your benefit to a group, than just make
sure you get your fair share of loot.    Not a decision I'd make,
but to each his own.





