From 4296156339543606643
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d4f7d3f868c0604f
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-15 09:26:36 PST
From: Jeremiah Kristal  <jeremiah@shell.inch.com>
Subject: Re: Bard Question
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <1013764997.25746.0@iapetus.uk.clara.net>
User-Agent: tin/pre-1.4-980818 ("Laura") (UNIX) (FreeBSD/2.2.7-19980825-SNAP (i386))
NNTP-Posting-Host: inch.com
Message-ID: <3c6d44c4_2@nntp2.nac.net>
Date: 15 Feb 2002 12:26:28 -0500
X-Trace: nntp2.nac.net 1013793988 inch.com (15 Feb 2002 12:26:28 -0500)
Lines: 72
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newspeer1.nac.net!nntp2.nac.net!shell.inch.com!jeremiah
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:167061

Dak <none@none.com> wrote:
> Hello, I was thinking about starting up a bard, and i was wondering if any
> of you had some advice.  As in starting stats, race ect...  Also, I've only
> been a caster so I don't know much about melee classes.  Any info on
> instruments would be helpful also.  Thanks!

OK, basics of a bard.  Ignore the wags posting bad information here, 
especially a certain monk.  Bards are generally melee classes, though we 
do the least amount of pure melee damage, but our buffs and DoT songs 
eventually make it so that we can do warrior levels of damage easily, and 
ranger levels with a bit of work.
Bards do cast, but songs have a number of significant differences than 
spells.  The main differences are that songs (except for two exceptions at 
39 and 43) don't use mana, songs can be cast on the run, songs have very 
short duration, and songs generally only affect your group or the mob you 
are targetting.  
You will have a manabar, but it's not important until 39, and even then 
it's not very important unless you're a soloing bard charm-kiting mobs, or 
doing CC immediately after a rez.  By the time you worry about mana you 
will be so hooked you'll find ways to just not let it become an issue.
Your song can be cast almost anywhere once you're standing, and other than 
being stunned, there is no way for you to be interrupted.  You can be 
running, falling, sliding, or jumping and it still will work.  You can 
sing on the run, and can even use right-click items with a casting time on 
the run.  
Once you have a song started (it doesn't even need to have pulsed yet) you 
can sit down and it will keep going.  Most songs will stay active for as 
long as you keep singing them, though in combat most bards twist songs.  
Twisting is a way to have more than one song active at a time.  The 
typical bardsong takes about 3 seconds to start, and then pulses about 
every 6 seconds if left going.  Once you stop a song, the effect lasts 
about 12 seconds.  The way to twist songs is to start the first 
song, and as soon as it pulses, stop it and start the second song.  
Once that pulses you can stop it and restart the first song and 
repeat as needed.  Most bards twist three songs in combat, though 
with a good connection you can keep 4 going.  (There are several DD songs 
which obviously don't keep going, and a handful of buff songs with a 
longer duration, but they are generally high-level songs.)  Learning to 
twist is the most important thing you can do as a bard, though manasong is 
useful enough that there are bards who level by just joining a group, 
starting manasong, and going AFK for the next 2 hours.  We hate them very, 
very much.    
Bards have a variety of song-types.  The most common and well-known are 
group buffs.  When you sing a buff song (except for the handful of 
self-only haste/atk/str buff songs) it affects all characters in the 
group, though it doesn't affect pets.  Bards have songs that affect every 
single stat, that help regen mana/health/sta faster, that give haste, that 
give increased movement, and basically any other way you can buff a 
character.  Bards also have debuffs for mobs, slowing them, snaring them, 
lowering mob stats, taking away mob AC, or just about any other way you 
can think of to debuff a mob.  Bard also have good crowd-control songs, 
though we are limited more than enchanters in the number of mobs we can 
control.  We can mez single or AE (though AE is useless after level 30), 
charm, and fear.  Bards have a handful of DD songs, and several very good 
DoTs, both single-target and AE. Basically, bards have songs for 
everything except for rez and teleport.
As to which race and what stats are important, it really doesn't matter 
that much.  I would suggest putting points in STR, because you wear plate 
and it's heavy.  I wish I had put more points in STA, because I need the 
HPs, but I just have a 9STA earring to get me over 75, which is all I 
really need.  For bards stats truly are not that important.  Our manapool 
is based on INT, but you never really need it.  We don't need the melee 
stats, and our high-end gear pretty much covers us there.  It's nice to 
have CHA, but there is a TON of bard-only gear that boosts it.  Basically, 
pick what you want, and dump points into STR and STA.  
Oh, and the absolute best bard sight is www.eqdiva.com.

Welcome to the bard side.  Once you get Selos you'll never want to go 
back.

Arolpin
59 bard 


