From -5137171952777653707
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e68ee440b937603e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-06-17 06:09:44 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-04!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: First Trip to Velious? Questions.
Date: Mon, 17 Jun 2002 09:07:27 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3D0DDF0F.86CF6BC8@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3d0dd724_4@corp.newsgroups.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 66
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:204845

Mechanic Falls wrote:
 
> Where does the Nexus Scion drop you?  

In great divide. There's a set of previously unused wizzy spired in a
valley that runs betwen thurgadin's front yard and the Eastern Wasts
zone. You'll want to be sow'd and, if possible, invis to pop in there as
a 34 skirt wearer. It is *not* a safe port-in. Unless somebody is
camping the area (not often) there are wandering Frost Giant Scouts,
Bezerkers, and Draekel Dire Wolves that path right through the spires.
They will take your lunch money and make you cry. When you land, if
heading to Thurgadin, turn to the west and run like hell until you come
to a glowing river. Follow that to the right (north) and you will soon
come to coldain dwarf guards who will assist you by killing any
giants/wovles that follow you in. If heading to Eastern wastes, head
East out of the spires and run up the valley, up and down hills, until
you hit the zone line. If not lev'd, be prepared to take some falling
damage. Rough terrain. he he.

> Where are the druid rings?

Druids can port into four different "Dragon Rings" in vellious, IIRC.
There are no "stone circle" types here. You can be ported to another
part of GD to the west of Thurgadin, to the third island of Iceclad,
into Wakening Lands, and into Cobalt Scar. As a new visitor to Velious,
GD is *really* your best and safest bet. The Iceclad ring is a death
trap at level 34 if not invis and it's easy to get lost, and you are a
LONG way from any city or safety.  You have no Claws of Veeshan (dragon)
faction yet, so the dragons and their kin will slay you on sight. This
makes the Wakening Lands and CS portals not very good for you. Unless
he's already been killed the WL ring is sat upon by Woushi the dragon.
Again, no lunch money and tears. The Cobalt Scar area is full of Wyverns
and cobalt drakes, all of whom are on dragon faction, and thus KOS to
you until you build up some faction. At thirtyfour, your chances of
survival in Cobalt Scar with bad dragon faction are.... well... let's
just say those mobs are very good xp well into the fifties. ;-)
 
> If a level 34 chanter wanted to find a group for reasonably high life
> expectancy adventuring, where would you head?

Once you get a group, you can either head on over to iceclad to hunt
Snow Cougars near the gnome pirates camp on the first island, or get in
a group right there in GD to the east of Thurgadin hunting frost giant
scouts and wolves. A bit low level, but as a chanter you might find a
group. Another option is the Tizmaks who live to the west of Thurg, but
only if you don't mind screwing up your faction with them. You start off
indifferent, and they roam all over near the GD dragon ring. Being
non-KOS can make life more convenient for transportation later on. I've
never hunted them.
 
> What tricks would you use as you travel to that location?

Described above.
 
> Thanks !!

Good luck. Welcome to Velious. Now go get some faction. You can go with
either giant or dwarf faction, both will help with CoV faction. But
dwarf is easier early on, and the dwarves have some great quests for
casters. You can always switch to giant later on if you really want to.
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"An army of sheep led by a lion would defeat an army of lions led by a
sheep."
-- Arab proverb


