From -3680362362842429415
X-Google-Thread: fb739,656123ca8373d901,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 20 Jul 2004 09:01:05 -0500
Date: Tue, 20 Jul 2004 10:01:03 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Berserker fighting
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <hrydnVHF5IA_uGDdRVn-tw@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 81
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.255.131
X-Trace: sv3-qEPRQmMqRitJT44OFardbiMhIAOY5ZZLgwvsik6u0OhY45+1KKUxhN5Se27zoaXoMBvehyL5qk/8/2T!ANjsR0fLCjuHobL6UyyqPDhcP3MiPShQxk7EolJ6L8p8+dwbQ188H06M4vZnCPy1rmVsVN7AgZZb
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:10284

OK, so here's how things typically go in my mid 30s.

Find mob that I can single pull (easy to do in Gunthak or OT).  Move to
about 150 range, throw axe, start backing up.  If there's an out of
range message, move forward again and retry.

If the axe goes, keep moving the other direction; axe will take a second
or so to hit target, getting as much range as  possible before this
happens reduces the chances of an add, and also gives me a better head
start running to the kill spot.

Run to kill spot, turn, await mob.

Autoattack on, frenzy, head strike.  Repeat frenzy, head strike, until
mob dies, if mob isn't a runner (ie undead like those on the Gunthak
beach).  If mob is a runner, substitute in a leg slice for one of the
head strikes after the mob gets to within a minute of death.

If my hp drops too low, I drop a leg slice on the mob and back away,
then create room enough to throw axes, backing in a circle trailing mob.
  While throwing damage is usually too low to actually kill the mob, it
tends to keep his regen rate lower than mine, and when I get far enough
ahead again, I can reengage.

In many circumstances, I also mash Intimidate whenever it comes up, and
make more of a point of keeping Leg Slice on the mob at all times; when
it runs, I can chase it as it walks away, doing free damage.

Grouped, I still tend to do much the same thing in many cases; with a
"real" tank I try using my jolt ability to dump aggro to the tank, and
stop stunning... but very often I find that this is no more than a
temporary respite, and I'm likely going to be MT like it or no.

I group with an enchanter friend a great deal; duoing works much as
above, but I have Haste, don't have to worry about adds, she roots the
mob and steps in to engage pet, then uses mana as seems prudent; on a
fast kill mob she may nuke if high on mana, on a hard mob she slows
which saves me a lot of damage.  If I end up running, I try to retain
aggro so the pet can kite instead of jolting which may give it aggro;
pet tends to do decent damage but tank poorly.  Best thing is to keep
mob snared and then stun it when possible so pet gets lots more free
hits while I keep aggro.

Grouping with a mage, I have him get air pet; more stuns works sort of
like better slow, and I have him keep me in DS, which adds up nicely
considering I'm tanking unslowed mobs.  Some caution is needed here in
that the air pet pushes the mob and I keep having to nudge myself
forward to stay in melee range.  Practicing Disarm helps here because
that forces me to stay much closer than merely in melee range.

Grouping with a druid, get STR, Hp buff, SOW, and DS, and try to get
druid to concentrate on heals rather than blowing mana on damage.  I
still do the snare job as needed, since this costs no mana.

Grouping with a cleric, get HP, AC buffs, and count on cleric for heals,
usually much easier to convince cleric to heal than to convince druid.
Stuns are also a powerful cleric tool, but its harder to train them in
the proper use of them.  Root "mezzing" adds helps, so far I haven't
found a good cleric puller in my level range although I know they'd
theoretically be better at it than I am.

Those are the only duo's I've done recently, so I can't speak much to 
the other classes specifically.  In theory, DPS classes can contribute 
DPS, healer classes can contribute heals, and MT classes can suck up the 
damage better than I can, plus let me add approximately 15% more DPS due 
to not having blows dodged, parried, or riposted.

I say "in theory" because in larger groups, I've found that the various 
plate classes have a very hard time keeping aggro off me, even when I 
stop chain stunning (and since chain stunning seems to save about 25% 
damage, this would mean that the designated MT would have to be more 
than 25% better than me at taking hits), and even when I use my joltlike 
ability to dump aggro (ooh, he hits the paladin a couple times, till my 
next frenzy goes off, that was much better than stunning him for 4 seconds!)

Grage, 37 Berzerk, Luclin







