From 5617150638057442401
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c8273be2a85175d2,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-14 06:41:36 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <62a97fa7e8d7742d361276998cc4737b@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newshub.sdsu.edu!cyclone.bc.net!news.alt.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Fri, 14 Nov 2003 14:36:04 GMT
Lines: 134
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 23: Lady of the Heart
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7394


Tales of Loral
Chapter 23: Lady of the Heart

It was the darkest day for the elves of Tunaria. For hundreds of years 
they had known a great prosperity and a great peace. The high elven city 
of Takish-Hiz was known across all of Norrath as a pillar of strength 
and honor. Outside, the wood elven glades of Eldarr Forest held the 
greatest wonders of nature, a true monument to Tunare. But the jealousy 
of a demi-god destroyed it all. Solusek Ro, the Burning Prince, twisted 
the spine of the lands, turning forest into desert and mountains to 
dust. The elves fought valiantly but poverty, plague and war broke their 
spirits. The great demon, Ixiblat Fur, killed thousands before the great 
wizards banished him back to the Plane of Fire. The elves watched as all 
they had known and loved turned to death and sadness. With the loss of 
hundreds of years of prosperity, they built ships of their remaining 
trees and sailed across the great blue sea, known years later as the 
ocean of tears.

Loral sat in the sulfuric baking caverns of the late Lord Nagafen. Now 
assisting the priests of the Triumverate, Loral had tracked down the 
last of those who wished to once again release the demon-god, Solusek 
Ro. In a great battle, Loral prevented the release of Ixiblat Fur and 
broken the Sarnak circle of sorcerers who attempted his summoning. Now 
only a traveling merchant, Zordak Ragefire, remained. Loral had heard of 
the merchant's passing through these corridors, and traveled to the 
underground lair of the dragon, Nagafen, to confront the agent of Ro. A 
week earlier, Loral had infiltrated the compound of fire giants that 
protected the lair and now he camped in the cavern itself, surviving on 
the sustenance his powerful armor of the draconian priest, Akkirus, 
provided. The great gasses of the rivers of lava stung Loral's lungs and 
clouded his mind. He wondered if he would even have the strength to 
battle Ragefire, should the time come. For days he fell in and out of 
consciousness, dreaming of wonders and horrors alike.

Loral woke to the strange light glowing in the center of the cavern. His 
eyes had grown accustom to the red glow of this hall, so this new blue 
light grabbed his attention immediately. He sat up, reaching for his 
shield and grasping tight his warden symbol of Tunare. In the center of 
the room stood a figure, armored in violet and carrying twin blades 
sparkling with energy. She was a wood elf, shorter than Loral in stature 
but carrying herself with an air of authority and nobility Loral had 
never seen. Loral found it hard to breathe, and when she turned to 
behold him, he had no doubt of her divine nature. She was an angel of 
Tunare, the Lady of the Heart. She called herself Zhia.

Zhia smiled and sat with Loral for a short while, discussing the matters 
of Solusek Ro's plots as though she had witnessed the history herself. 
Her voice was that of a perfectly tuned harp, it's sound soothing the 
aches of this place and clearing his clouded mind and spirit. For a 
short time she stayed with Loral, but eventually stood to leave. Before 
he could stammer out his thanks at the visit, she drew a small wrapped 
package from a belt pouch. Loral accepted the package and watched as she 
touched one of her jeweled rings and disappeared in a burst of energy. 
Loral opened the small package, smiled, and bit into one of the tasty 
gnome shaped cookies.

It had been five years since Loral and his friends had broken Ragefire's 
ruse and defeated the hidden dragon. Loral had just returned to the 
forest of Greater Faydark after one of his adventures in Luclin to hear 
the announcement of a great contest of casters and priests to be held in 
the Arena. Loral never found much interest in these contests, but 
something drove him to travel far to the planes of the Karanas and to 
ride Illumina south to the great Arena of Antonica. During his ride, he 
tried to find the source of this drive. Was it simple curiosity, or some 
darker splinter from Innoruuk's previous hold on his spirit?

A few days later, Loral found himself inside the great arena. Around him 
stood the mightiest priests and spellcasters Norrath had ever seen. 
Loral found a group of his friends from Lotus Cult and they quickly 
prepared to work together in the chaotic contest to follow. With some 
short instructions by the organizers of the great event, the gates 
slammed shut and the horns of battle sounded.

The bolts of lightning and bursts of fire could be seen fifty miles 
away. The powers of the greatest casters tore open the fabric of space 
and time, bringing down hails of ice and tearing the ground open to 
swallow it's victims. Loral quickly ran for cover as tons of rock hurled 
itself through the air and waves of plague blew through the crowds. He 
stepped off of the central platform and moved towards one of the outside 
spires when what he beheld knocked him to his knees.

Walking casually through the crowd was the visage of the Burning Prince, 
Solusek Ro himself. The sounds of the explosions around him drifted away 
as a thousand years of history filled Loral's mind. He beheld the twenty 
foot avatar and remembered the stories his father had told him of the 
plight of the elves and the sorrow of leaving their great homeland of 
Tunaria. He remembered the cruelty of Ixiblat Fir burning the armies of 
noble paladins into ash. Loral gasped for words and stood on unstable 
legs as his anger built. Suddenly, Loral felt strong arms pull him aside 
as a column of fire burst from the ground where he had stood. Under one 
arm of the barbarian shaman, he was carried behind one of the great 
claw-like spires of the Arena as the battle raged around him.

The great battle raged around his party as they defended their small 
alcove. The mighty Lotus Cultian wizards sent great shards of ice 
tearing through the arena while the healing powers of the shaman and 
druids closed gaping wounds and soothed charred skin. Loral's mind was 
still clouded with the image of the burning prince. Of all loral had 
expected at this barbaric display, he had no idea he would come face to 
face with the focal point for the end of the great elven nations.

The minutes stretched as long as days under the stress of the great 
battle. Great horns had blown, signaling a final battle in the center of 
the arena. Loral and his remaining partners moved quickly to the raised 
platform. Loral could not find the avatar of Ro, but what he did see 
shocked him almost as much. There, walking casually through the final 
strife of the great war, twin blades glimmering with a life all their 
own, was the Lady of the Heart. Waves of fire rolled over her without 
even a blemish on her soft skin. Her eyes flashed as bolts of lightning 
broke open the ground in front of her, though she didn't even blink. Her 
green elven eyes turned and beheld Loral's pale blue. His heart stopped 
and he fell to his knees in humility and reverence. Zhia winked and smiled.

A week had passed. Loral had traveled back to the lands of Luclin, far 
above Norrath, but each night he spent in the small room on the 
second-floor inn he thought of that day. Many dangers Loral had heard 
rumors of during his travels, many possible threats to assess and 
deliver to the Church of Felwithe. But that day, he had been driven to 
witness the calling of the dark god, Solusek Ro. That day he had seen 
the angelic protector of the elves, as he had while hunting the agent of 
Ro, Ragefire. What purpose for the event was still unexplained, but 
Loral would not take lightly what he had seen. His eyes would be open 
for possible signs of further explanation. And he could only hope and 
pray to see the vision of Zhia, Lady of the Heart, once again.

-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



