From -4199417260013072827
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,65e783899fb3e333
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-18 08:50:35 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!newsfeed.direct.ca!look.ca!nntp.abs.net!cpk-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.gtei.net!howland.erols.net!newsfeed.lotsanews.com.MISMATCH!pln-e!spln!dex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!enews3
From: "Singha" <Singha@dont.bother.org>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Need help with the subtlies of Mage class
Date: Thu, 18 Oct 2001 11:18:09 -0400
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
Lines: 297
Message-ID: <9qmrv3077k@enews3.newsguy.com>
References: <vNlz7.609$w04.129331@news.uswest.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-593.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4522.1200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4522.1200
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:127418


"Nospam@killspam.com" <nospam@killspam.com> wrote in message
news:vNlz7.609$w04.129331@news.uswest.net...
> Well folks I have been dabbling with a Mage. Previous to this, I have
always
> played a melee class. Caster classes are like nite and day compared to the
> melee classes. My main question is where are some good sites for the
nuances
> of the Mage class? Sure I know the sites for the technical aspects, but
> playing a mage is really an art form. Up until this point, I have been
> pretty lucky in that I can afford a death or 2, now its getting really
hard
> to recover from loss of XP. At this point, I can't afford to make any
> mistakes any more.
>
> Anyone know of any good sites for this type of info? Thanks in advance.

There's plenty of sites for mages about where to hunt, research, pet
commands, equipment and so forth, as you point out, but very little on how
to actually operate the mage to best effect. Sorting through the forums on
castersrealm, the magicians tower, and everlore is your best bet.

I put this together some time ago (thirten levels to be exact) but never
posted it anywhere. Maybe it will help. It is kind of long and doesn't cover
several tactics like playing pet cleric or chaincasting pets. It doesn't
even address the difficulties of soloing a dungeon (basically you should not
solo a dungeon unless you are 10 levels above the mobs). It is observations
of my own play style and I happen to like to nuke things and fight mobs as
close to my level as possible.

Disclaimers: This clearly says SOLO. No SoW, no clarity, no tanks, no
nothing but Jobober and you. Things change when you go up higher in levels
and tactics need to be adjusted also. The below text is cut and pasted. It
may not format well in your newsreader but it looks fine as I send it.
---

Newbie Mage Guide to Solo Play.

I've seen a lot of resources on the net for mages. Spell lists, equipment
lists, quest walk throughs, pet commands and where/what to hunt guides. One
thing I haven't found is a tactical guide to solo combat for the beginning
mage. I'll make the disclaimer up front that I am not the best mage in the
world, my character is only level 24 at the time of this writing. None the
less I'd like to try and fill an information void I see and help out as best
I can. Just keep in mind this is for SOLO mages.

Initial Recon:
Scope out a new hunting zone while invisible first. Remember undead will see
through the invis spell. Wander around to familiarize yourself with the zone
and the mobs in it. Look for safe places far from wandering mobs to use for
a bind point. Look for safe places near mob concentrations to use as a base
of operations and a medding spot.

Binding:
Do not bind at any zone entrance or line unless you like getting run over by
a train as soon as you log or gate in. Do not bind near where you will be
hunting or the mob may camp your own spawn (if a mob does camp your bind
point, disconnect from the network so you'll only die a time or two before
you go link dead). Many times the best bind point is in the next zone or two
over.

Target selection:
At least at levels up into the twenties you can take mobs that con up to
yellow. After that and particularly in the expansion continents of Kunark
and Velious, high or medium blues will be the best you can do. Yellows and
high blue are a tough fight for a single solo mage but a very winnable
fight. Be careful to con all the mobs you think are yellow as some of them
may actually be red due to level variance in any mob class. This is
particularly true after having just made a new level. You have the same
spells, same level pet and that mob that was red two minutes ago is now
yellow. Face it, he's still red and nothing has changed.
Red con mobs are too be avoided. Your chances of winning are slim.
I have hunted the same (yellow to me) mobs in the same area as a full group
of melee and hybrid classes of equivalent level with no problem. When the
mobs start turning low blue or even green (but still give exp) it's time to
move on to something bigger and better. Generally speaking if you are not
getting at least a third to a half of a blue bubble of exp per mob you
should be looking for better targets (unless the loot is too good to pass
up).

Pre-combat Recon:
It's important to know what is around the corner or over the hill before
engaging the mob. Learn to use your different camera views (F9) in order to
get a wide-angle look at the field before attacking. Use Alt-arrow keys to
pan the view around you. In hilly terrain or forested areas it is a good
idea to circle around a mob for a bit to ensure its entire family isn't 20
feet behind him ready charge in on you. As you become familiar with an area
note the spawn points and be aware of them. There's nothing worse than
having a mob drop from the sky on top of you in the middle of a fight. Have
a little patience and your successful kill ratio will improve.


Pet Strategies to Initiate Combat

Note: Put all of your pet commands on hotkeys or hotbuttons. The pet will
auto-attack once you get hit, you want him to attack before that happens.
The time it takes to type /pet attack will ensure that you do get hit before
the pet engages.

Pull to pet:
Have pet sit (not guard) in a fairly safe spot that has little or no mob
traffic but which is close to an area where mobs are. Move yourself into the
mob area, target your mob and hit with a spell. Run back to the pet, have
pet attack mob and cast damage shield on the pet. Don't get too far away
from the pet when looking for mobs. As a mage you cannot outrun most mobs.
If you cannot make it back to the pet before the mob hits you the pet will
come to you but that will leave you fighting in a hostile environment.

Send in the pet:
Find a safe spot that you can see mobs, but the mobs won't path to you. When
you have identified a target cast damage shield on the pet then target the
mob and tell pet to attack. Stand back and nuke the mob being careful not to
overcast and have it aggro on you. If other mobs come to assist they will
most likely attack the pet first giving you time to gate out if need be.

Stationary:
Again find a safe spot and both you and your pet stay there. When you have
selected a mob to attack, first damage shield the pet then nuke the mob to
have it come running to you. Command the pet to attack just before the mob
can hit you. Sometimes you may not find a safe spot for this tactic as the
mobs are out of spell range. However you may be able to move into the
hostile area, nuke the mob and then run with your pet following you to a
safer area before you command your pet to attack.

Wandering around:
With Jabober by your side, wander the zone on the lookout for suitable mobs
while keeping an eye out for high level ones that will squish you. Attack
the mobs when you see them and stand there and fight. This is a horrible
tactic for a solo mage. Any nearby mobs may add to the fight increasing your
chances of dying. If you win the fight you will either have to sit right
there and med which invites wandering mobs to take a swing at you, or you
will have to run back to a safe spot to med with the possibility of running
into a hostile mob on your way. Additionally keep in mind that your pet is
lower level than you are and will attract attacks from mobs that you would
normally not attack. This is an annoyance at best and death at worst. You
want to fight the mobs on your terms and turf not theirs. Still there are
many places where this is the only tactic available to you.


Combat Tactics

Once you get the damage shields always cast them on your pet (except the
fire pet) before battle. At first it takes a lot of mana and doesn't seem to
be worth it. However it increases your pet's ability to win the fight and it
is a habit you will need to get into to survive later on.

Same with burnout. Keep it up on the pet at all times.

Don't over nuke the mob. It's a fine line between nuking too much causing
the mob to turn on you and not nuking enough causing Jabober to die. All
mobs seem to have a different tolerance for being nuked before going aggro
on you. You'll just have to figure it out but chaincasting nukes on a mob is
not required to win the fight and may actually lead to death. For lower
level mobs you can med between casts to regain mana but do not med when
fighting a yellow or high blue mob. They find this insulting and will come
over and smack you.

When the mob does aggro on you one tactic is to run through the mob and then
through your pet. This will give Jabober the chance to take a swing and pull
the mob back off of you. The worst thing you can do is run the other way
with the mob chasing you and your pet chasing the mob. The mob is faster
than you are and your pet is even slower than you are and will not catch up
in time to save you.

Your distance from the mob during the fight appears to have a direct impact
to the mob's tolerance for being nuked. The farther away you are the better.
The side effect of course is that your pet will not respond to commands.
You'll have to judge the pet's health by clicking on him and looking at his
health bar. The other benefit to being far away is that if the mob kills
your pet you will have more time to gate out. That extra second may make all
the difference between life and death.

Let the pet do its job. Have the pet report health between your damage spell
casts. If it gets too low use a pet heal spell if you have them. This is
actually very mana efficient if you can keep Jabober up and fighting for a
couple of more rounds.

Melee? Don't bother after level 5 although you may want to work on your
defense and dodge skills in a safe environment (I don't know that there is
one). You have a pet to stand toe to toe with the mobs and he's better at it
than you will ever be. Some may disagree with this. If you want to be a
hero, wade on in. Maybe some nice druid will give you a SoW for your corpse
run.

Groups of mobs. With few exceptions you cannot break a spawn camp solo.
Mages have no crowd control like mez, harmony or snare. If you think you can
just pluck that one orc away from the campfire and his buddies will not
assist him, go for it. Remember when you get back to come invis and use
/corpse to pull your body to a safe place before you loot your gear off it.

Shield spells. Keep them up. That's why you were given them.

/assist
You should have this as a hotkey or button. Sometimes Jabober is in the way
and you can't easily target the mob to nuke it. Target your pet and do a
/assist. This will put you into auto-attack mode on the mob. Note: you may
see messages that the target is too far away. Don't worry this is only for
your melee ability not for your spells. Just hit the "a" key to exit
auto-attack. You will still be targeted on the mob. Note: there is an option
you can set to not engage auto-attack when doing an /assist.

Memorized Combat Spells

1) Pull spell.
Either malaise when you get it, a long distance bolt or your highest damage
spell.

2) Main Nuke.
The highest-level direct damage spell you have.

3) Finish Nuke.
A lower level nuke to finish off the mob in order to save mana. Also useful
for clearing out low-level trash.

4) Area Effect.
You will get ganged up on at times. Some of the area effect spells are
extremely effective and efficient but only against multiple mobs.

5) Damage Shield.
Cast it on your pet before battle and during battle if it wears off.

6) Gate.

Note that some spells are better or worse against certain types of mobs.
Example: It does no good to cast a fire-based spell on a mob fire elemental.
It does wonders to cast dispell summoned against them.

When things go bad:
You are going to die. A lot. Once you get out of the newbie zones there will
be no guards to run to in most areas worth hunting in. As a solo mage there
is no one around to help you and you are not fast enough to outrun any mob
to the zone line. My advice is to gate early, gate often and don't lose your
cool. You are going to have to trek back to your hunting zone one way or the
other. The choice is getting back to the zone naked with exp loss or getting
back fully equipped with the same exp you had before you started the combat.
Don't worry about losing the loot. You weren't going to get it anyway.

The moment you see a second yellow or hi-blue mob join the fray you should
gate out. You can take two or three low blue mobs or a slew of greens at
full mana and full pet health if the gods are smiling on you but two yellows
= death. Trust me, Jabober likes a glorious death against overwhelming odds.
He's a fanatic you know. Leave him.

If you are taking hits, about the time your health gets down to half you
should consider clicking the gate gem. At 1 health bubble you had better be
clicking gate but by then it may be too late.

Never allow your mana to go below 1 bubble during a fight. If it gets that
low you should now start casting gate because you are about to die. The
exception being if you *know* one more cast will finish the mob. Just cross
your fingers and hope for no fizzles.

Always check the pet's health between casts. If Jabober's health is dropping
faster than the gas gauge on a SUV, gate out. The renew elements line of
spells takes at least 3.5 seconds to cast and then a couple more seconds to
actually increase your pet's health. If Jabober is at less than 30% health
when you start to cast it is probably too late to save him and a nuke or
gate will serve you better.

When your pet dies and the mob is beating on you, do not run screaming,
you'll just get yourself lost and make the mage class look bad. Click the
gate gem. The mob will be interrupting your spell casting. Do not panic.
Keep hitting gate and hope for the best, all it takes is a couple of misses
from the mob for a successful gate. At higher levels you will be able to
"regain your concentration" and continue the spell. The one circumstance
where you should run is to find a better spot to die for easier corpse
recovery.

Ready for more?:
Med back up to full mana. My opinion, you may feel different, but going into
a fight solo with 50% mana or less is suicide.

Buffer experience:
Ok you are sick and tired of hunting the same mob and sitting in the same
place. You've been there for four levels, the mobs are low blue or starting
to turn green and you just dinged a new spell level. You are ready to move
on. Not so fast. There is a high probability of you dying once or twice when
you first start hunting in a new zone due to not being familiar with the
area and the mobs. Go ahead and get your new spells, upgrade some equipment
and otherwise take a break. But before you move on, go back to your old
hunting ground and really show those bastards how bad you are now. Keep on
until you get at least a yellow bulb of exp into your new level. Then should
you die in the new zone you won't have to lose a level and all those nifty
new spells.

Well that's it. Perhaps I should have called this the "wimpy I don't want to
die solo mage guide" but to me dying is the worst part of this game. You
can't be successful and gain levels and loot if you are on a corpse run
every other fight. I hope this helps you to avoid dying while improving your
killing skills and increasing your enjoyment of this game.

-Singha
Level 24 Mage
Vazaelle





