From -116714833019218406
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a8f78f2d87ab91e6,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news4.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 29 Jul 2005 13:48:10 -0500
Date: Fri, 29 Jul 2005 14:48:08 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: The ever popular "good duo" post
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <LpudnTyIxNF35HffRVn-qA@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 83
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.255.13
X-Trace: sv3-4DnvKg0TSqHyzrQD4FpXghujiFIVve7X4GmK/luAFWKfKsqFK8J+uvakTroelaKO7F1jBRj3bkzNH5X!tzPqOhcvozcs+j0BoIYhoa1lM3XEjed1IAdnQh+zh3C8AlfhH5Rhg2JRoJSZWCqOWOvcnPulOYA=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:4939

I'm thinking about getting back into EQ, as my son has apparantly enough 
interest in it that he's saved up enough cash to get his own account going.

In the past, he played EQ when I wasn't, but now I figure we can start 
over with a couple of new characters and play together.

That brings me to the question, which two characters to play?

I'm looking for characters which are fun solo or in group, and which 
work well together, primarily at low levels, because I think we'll be 
low level for a long time.

I've played most classes, some up to 60 or 65... quit just around when 
th 66-70 range came in.  But I don't think thats an issue, I'm more 
interested in say the 1-30 range.


The classes I haven't played much are the fighter classes; I did get a 
berserker up to 56 or so, but thats as close as I came

Chatting with my son, though, it looks like he wants to go with one of 
the fighter classes again; this would probably mean that we'd get more 
milage out of me playing some kind of support, most likely a healing 
class.  Two "tanks" strikes me as less effective, because the principle 
advantage a tank brings to a team is the ability to absorb damage; with 
two of us, one or the other would not be using his full potential.

So I'm thinking

Cleric
Druid
Shaman
Bard

combined with his

Warrior
Paladin
Shadowknight
Berserker
Ranger

Well, I've done cleric to 65, shaman to 52, bard to 56... but druid only 
to 34.  I really enjoy clerics, but its also the class I've played the 
most.  Shaman was a lot of fun, I think I actually stopped because I 
wanted to try out the berserker when it was released, more than because 
I was done with it.  Bard... well bards are indeed powerful, but they 
are also a lot of work, and I'm not sure how supportive they really are; 
yes, they are force multipliers, but they can't really pull your bacon 
out of the fire in an emergency.

I guess, in part, it depends on which "fighter" type he goes with.  SK, 
Ranger, and Berserker all have snare, at least sort of; if I pick a 
"fear" class we'd have reverse kiting capabilities... that would mean 
cleric.  If he picked a fear class, meaning SK I guess, then a snare 
would be more handy, meaning Druid (bards' don't get snare till 20 or 
so, a long time away at the slow rate we'll probably be leveling at)

Shaman aren't, as I recall, really particularly good at healing until 
the mid 40s.  Low level haste and slow aren't much use either as I 
recall; the combination of haste and slow and torpor type heals is a 
good one when you get them, but it would be a long journey getting there.

If the boy doesn't go with Paladin, then Cleric has its charms; besides 
the fact that its the class I know best, there's the rez factor.  Even 
without considering the exp rebate (which isn't really a factor at low 
levels), just saving the walk back to the fighting grounds is 
worthwhile.  Heh, considering that, a paladin/cleric combination might 
be the best way to go, then we'd have to "wipe" to force any sort of a 
long walk!

Druids.  Hmm.  I actually made my druid strictly to port around the alt 
of my in game friend who's main was a druid.  Her main could port my 
main, and my alt could port her alt; so we could have either duo 
wherever we wanted.  When they released SOL that became relatively 
unimportant and I abandond the project.  I did play around a bit with 
quadding, and found it "too easy"; same objection that led to me 
abandoning necromancer before that.  Still, that was at a level thats 
probably higher than we'll get to any time soon.

Well, something to think about.

Lance


