From 1362470824700160126
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,346a15c4654445a8,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-19 12:26:22 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: youngcynic@aol.com (Oneiromancer)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Something new every day
Date: 19 Dec 2003 12:26:21 -0800
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 142
Message-ID: <a0410e0b.0312191226.1e41c3f9@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 132.239.27.50
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1071865581 18203 127.0.0.1 (19 Dec 2003 20:26:21 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 19 Dec 2003 20:26:21 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:12624

I kinda wanted to share the experience I had in EQ last night. 
Hopefully this isn't something that's reserved for the longtime
members of a.g.e. :) I've been lurking here for a few months, ever
since I started playing EQ again.  That brings my total playing time
to about 3 months...1 month back in January, when I quit because I
decided I didn't have the time to devote to the game, and then
starting up again in October when circumstances arose that allowed me
to indeed devote some time to the game.  So I believe I am still
pretty much a newbie, although I like to hope that I'm the good kind:
one that actually wants to play their class well and learn and know
about the game so as to make it a fun experience for everyone.

Anyway, I have two characters in their 30s now, a Vah Shir Beastlord
and a Wood Elf Ranger, and several other low level characters, as I've
been doing lots of experimenting.  All of my characters are male, like
me, except for the Vah Shir Beastlord, who I made female because
that's just how I saw that character.  Normally I would not even bring
this up, but it does have some bearing on the story I'm trying to
tell.

Okay, so last night I pop in PoK with my Beastlord and start sending
out ooc's for an LDoN group, since my RL friend isn't on and the other
people I know are in full groups.  I join a group that looks pretty
good: warrior (who is itching to try out his new skills), paladin, and
chanter.  We get a mage and, eventually, a cleric.  While we're
waiting for a cleric to join us I mention that I will be afk for a bit
while I heat up some leftovers.  The warrior laughs like I made a
joke.  This doesn't beg a response so I don't say anything.  Then he
sends me a tell asking if I want any help.  I am really confused, and
I say so.  He makes some rather odd comments, and finally spits out
that I said I was reading some steamy letters and he wanted to know if
I wanted help...wink, wink, nudge, nudge, lots of emoticons.  Ah. 
Apparently English isn't his first language (I'm on Kane Bayle, more
likely than not I presume), so no harm done, I inform him of his
mistake and don't think too much more of it.  I don't tell him I'm
really a guy though, I don't want to freak him out if he's homophobic
or something and now thinks that he's "dirty".  The cleric joins, the
warrior goes to BB to get the adventure and the rest of us hoof it to
LFay.  Finally after we all meet up, the warrior drops a "Thanks,
Sweetheart" on me for the SoW cast before we enter.  I'm
thinking..."wow...now I have just the tiniest inkling of what sexual
harassment is like!"  It can't compare to reality, of course, but it's
very Hollywood-like.

So, anyway, the LDoN is a collection, and it goes really well.  We get
all 24 in about 45 minutes.  The paladin is lulling and pulling very
well, I think we only get more than a single pull three times total,
and each time I'm there off-tanking to prevent it from going after one
of the casters concentrating on the main pull.  (My RL friend trained
me on this in the last LDoN we did together, so I think I was doing it
correctly and intelligently...at least, no one complained about it,
and my pet was usually still on the main pull so the DPS was still
there.)  So, after the win we kept going to look for a named mob to
see if we could get a decent drop.  I'm not even sure if nameds pop
during a collection, but whatever, good group and good exp.  The very
next pull is another double pull, so I get on the add.  I cast Drowsy,
as usual, and get its attention, then attack it for a bit until I get
Feared when it's at 70% health.  No big deal, I'm not getting beat on
too bad and the cleric's on the ball if I need healing.  My pet
decides to come over and beat on my mob now though...or perhaps
someone else helps out, because the mob's health is dropping very fast
and I can't turn to see who it is (and I don't think to change the
camera angle at that moment...both mobs have the same name so I can't
tell from the text on the screen).  The first mob dies, the one I was
off-tanking disappears.  I assume it's just going for somebody I can't
see, because I'm feared.  Then, from the direction I'm facing, comes a
tide of at least 15 mobs, straight for us.  It is an awe-inspiring
sight.

The mobs go for everyone but me at first, since apparently I'm not a
threat, being feared and all.  The fear goes away soon after that and
I just take off running like everyone else, but since I'm the last one
I don't expect to survive.  The pally runs the wrong way and aggros
even more mobs (although I don't know this until later), and everyone
else drops really fast.  It would be a great scene in a horror movie,
let me tell you.  I get feared again and start getting beat on, but
then someone else runs by and pulls the aggro off me.  Somehow I don't
get beat on again until the fear runs out, and by then I'm trying to
chain-cast my pet to give me some more time.  I get hit and the spell
is interrupted, and I start runnning again.  I get hit a few more
times, and blasted twice by nukes...but I still have 30% health and,
most importantly, a map of the caves (it was mmca, for those who
care).  I cut corners perfectly and stay ahead of this 20
mob...mob...and make it to the exit room.  I search frantically for
the door to click on and find it just as I see the monsters entering
the room.  Now that's entertainment!

Of course by this time everyone else is back in PoK exclaiming "WTF?" 
I decide not to run back and SoW them because even on Kane Bayle
usually you can't swing a stick in PoK without hitting someone who can
SoW you, and I sit down and try to figure out what happened.  It turns
out that the mob I had off-tanked had Gated, thus bringing down the
horde on us.  Now, this wasn't even something that I thought was even
possible, and I'm not sure what I could have done to prevent it even
if I had known.  And I wouldn't have felt guilty but I was getting
some weird vibes from the other group members.  I think it was just
bitterness over me surviving where they didn't, but if anyone here
thinks I was at fault, I would appreciate knowing, as I always want to
learn from my mistakes.

Anyway, the pally gets back and wants to go hunt for his corpse...I
assume to loot all but 1 item so he can hurry up and kill some more. 
However, since he ran the wrong way it's not going to be so easy.  The
corpses are kind of spread out...it's quite macabrely (not really a
word) amusing, seeing the line of corpses detailing the times of death
relatively accurately.  The mage also enters the dungeon again after I
follow the paladin in.  I cast and buff my pet again and am able to
solo two single mobs to let the pally drag his corpse somewhere safer,
with help from some nukes from the mage.  I figured this was pretty
stupidly dangerous, but if something bad happened I would just take
the death to make it all even or something stupidly honorable like
that.  The chanter, cleric, and warrior get to their corpses, but
before we can do anything we get kicked out.  But I'm not even
noticing this because when the warrior runs up I realize that it's a
female character.  I couldn't tell before because the solid plate mail
she was wearing more or less disguised the...er...noticeable features,
as well as the face.  After she gets the armor on again it becomes a
little more obvious when I know what I'm looking for, but since she's
a Wood Elf and pretty slight to begin with...well, now I was more
confused than ever about the weird sexual innuendo stuff when we were
forming the group.  It's possible that she didn't know that my
character was female, but I think it's relatively noticeable on a Vah
Shir who can't wear metal armor.  Whatever combination of genders the
warrior assumed doesn't matter to me, really, but I am so curious what
the full story is!  Was it a woman coming on to me assuming I was
another woman?  Was it a guy playing a girl coming on to a female
character, not even considering the possibility that I could also be a
guy playing a girl?  I would say that perhaps they were role-playing
or something, except it was continued in tells about RL stuff.

Anyway, we split the feeble loot--only 30 pp each, pretty stingy for a
LDoN, and only one augment during the adventure which the warrior
won--and went our separate ways.  All of us hopefully wiser in some
way.  Perhaps humming "The Crying Game" in the back of our heads.

Thanks for listening to my story, hopefully I didn't step on any toes
there.  I'd enjoy hearing about similar experiences, either about
Gating mobs wreaking havoc or about strange come-ons you've received.

Game on,

The Oneiromancer


