From -1664073546159743155
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bde4b7a0aeec5fc4,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-04 04:53:25 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <4750908a62dcb830b76243fd74b459db@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!news.tele.dk!news.tele.dk!small.news.tele.dk!tiscali!newsfeed1.ip.tiscali.net!newshosting.com!news-xfer1.atl.newshosting.com!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Tue, 04 Nov 2003 12:48:38 GMT
Lines: 140
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 10: 
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:5719

Chapter 10: Trakanon

Twelve dark robed figures stood in the large room. One stood near the 
center, his hood pulled back exposing his scaled head and dark red eyes. 
He turned to the rest, taking each of the other eleven in his gaze. No 
words were spoken and none needed to be. The voices of the eleven fill 
his head, and he responded with thoughts of his own. These twelve were 
the only hope of keeping Sebilis, the greatest city of the Iksar, from 
falling to the beast of nightmares. The unhooded figure hissed at them 
one final time ceasing their conversation and raised his hands. 
Suddenly, the twelve appeared a mile under the earth in the cavern that 
the creature called home. This was the outpost where the Froglok 
warriors and sorcerers had poured out and devastated the entire city. 
The twelve turned around and faced the beast. They called the energy of 
the planes to their grasp twisting and forming it into a single beam 
capable of destroying a city. The beam turned rivers into steam and rock 
into glass. It struck the beast in his massive green chest, scorching a 
hole through the thick skin, through his scarred ribcage and past the 
cavity that should have contained his vital organs. Trakanon laughed and 
seconds later the sorcerers died. The mightiest empire Kunark had ever 
known was lost forever.

Two thousand years later, Loral Ciriclight, Vicar of Tunare, stood just 
a few meters from where the Iksar sorcerers had died. He and his war 
party stood at the foot of a narrow, rotting bridge that led into the 
undead dragon's cavern. Loral had prepared his group with spells of 
protection from Trakanon's deadly breath and fierce attacks, but he 
feared these would be little protection against the ancient wurm. Still 
his group was ready to do battle.

Months he had spent in the swamps and jungles of Kunark, seeking the 
ancient ruins of the once mighty city. Finally he had found it, deep in 
the jungle of Trakanon's Teeth. A huge stone archway led to rows of 
enormous Iksar statues guarding the walkway. Loral found a cavern inside 
one of the outlying buildings that led deep under the city. The corridor 
winded hundreds of feet underground until it ended in a large room. In 
the center, a huge ruby orb bathed the room with a brilliant red light. 
Only the idol of Trakanon, an ancient key of an ancient time, would 
allow passage into the depths of Sebilis. Loral had one such idol.

Now Loral faced that small rotten bridge, knowing that death sat on the 
other side. They had little problems with the Froglok guards. Deeper 
within the caverns they defeated the Sebilite Juggernaughts and 
Trakanon's personal guard, the Sebilite Protector. They reformed their 
attack groups and now waited for the orders to charge. After what seemed 
like an eternity, the order came.

Loral's group was the first to charge in. They turned the corner and 
faced the beast. Trakanon smiled at them. He raised his head hundreds of 
feet into the air and swept his hollow eyes across the group, then they 
fixed upon Loral. The warriors and rangers immediately began slashing at 
the dragon, cutting into his thick, rotten skin. But Loral was 
transfixed with the beast's eyes. Tiny specks of intense light pierced 
into Loral from the dark caverns where apparently Trakanon once had 
eyes. Unlike the other dragons Loral had faced, he felt no fear. Instead 
he felt something he truly didn't expect to feel. The beasts pain.

Time slowed down. The room went silent. Loral stood, his battleworn mace 
hanging at his side, while his group charged in. Trakanon's gaze didn't 
move from Loral's. A millennia of isolation, the horror of living in 
death, the pain of existing for thousands of years as a rotting corpse. 
All of these hit Loral like waves of ice. Then with the boom of a 
wizards blast, time sped back up. Trakanon's gaze shifted off of Loral 
and he returned to the battle at hand.

Trakanon lifted his head and breathed his poison breath on the war 
party. Spells were choked off and mighty warriors fell to their knees 
under the thick stench of death. Loral opened up his heart to Tunare and 
began releasing her healing energy into the warriors of his group. 
Tendrils of swirling light faded away the burns of corrosion the poison 
left on the mighty warriors, but the taint had sunk in. Loral felt his 
own life-force fading under the vile poison. He drained every ounce of 
spiritual energy he had, giving it to himself and his party. Still the 
poison tore at them from the inside of their lungs and from within their 
blood. Soon the heroes began falling to the plague that engulfed them. 
Loral took a final look at the battle as his legs became weak. Half the 
warriors fell like timber, the other half slashed and blasted with every 
last ounce they had in them. Then blackness overtook Loral's vision and 
he collapsed to the ground.

"What has happened to you Loral, what happened to the wide eyed acolyte 
ready to spread the word of Tunare with peace and love?" Ciric Azilebane 
sat at the small tavern in Quenos across from Loral. Loral had just 
related the story of General V'Ghera to Ciric who did not seem impressed 
with the killing of the General and his minions. "You left the gates of 
Felwithe wearing a priest's robes and carrying the Testament of Vanear. 
Now you wear the blood of your enemies like some dark badge of honor. 
Even the high priests of Tunare don't approve of your actions anymore, 
most fear you to much to tell you. Your books of scripture and history 
have been replaced with a burnt shield and that black mace."

"Enough!" Loral stood, his chair falling backwards onto the floor. The 
tavern went silent. "Those fools in Felwithe have no idea what they 
speak of. They wish to spread the word of Tunare, hoping it's mere 
speaking will turn all the world's evil away. Even you believe you can 
make a difference, giving your protection to the hunters of rats and 
snakes. We are at war, Ciric. Evil pours out of the earth from every 
cave, every hole and every swamp of this world. Once peaceful woods are 
now haunted by powerful armies of undead right outside our door. You can 
hide behind your robes and your scripture and close your eyes, but I 
cannot. Beasts you can't even imagine will crawl past these walls and 
kill our children if we don't do something about it. And I will." Loral 
got up and left the bar. It was the first time he had ever had a 
conversation like that with Ciric and it broke his heart. He gritted his 
teeth against the tears and started his preparations to go back to Kunark.

The memory faded as warmth flowed through Loral's veins. His eyes opened 
to the plump face of a female dwarven cleric. She smiled warmly at him, 
stood up and walked to the next corpse. Loral got to his feet, still 
very weak from the resurrection, and looked around. Trakanon's corpse 
filled the hall. Small bands of the survivors sat and regained their 
strength as clerics walked from group to group, putting their hands on 
their wounds. Loral walked over to the enormous corpse.

The fire still burned in Trakanon's eyes, but they focused on nothing. 
Adventurers wandered around the corpse looking at the wounds of a 
thousand battles. Loral reached into the jaw of the giant beast and tore 
free one of the dagger sized teeth. He pulled off the red wurm scale he 
wore around his neck, and hung the tooth there in its place. Then, 
whispering a prayer to Tunare, he left. The ancient horror of Sebilis, 
destroyer of a nation, Trakanon, had fallen.

Deep in the bowels of his dark citadel, under the eternally black sky 
and air filled with the screams of innocence, Innoruuk laughed. He sat 
on his throne, staring into the fire that burned from the broken bones 
of Elven clerics and druids, now crushed under Innoruuk's hand. In it he 
saw Loral tie the dragon tooth around his neck. Behind Innoruuk stood a 
dark cleric, dressed completely in blackened charred armor, his face 
pale and featureless. Innoruuk turned and gazed at his minion, who stood 
ready to serve. "Soon we will be ready, my friend, and then you can have 
him."

-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



