From -6104563909231536236
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bab4822c2e0631f6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-05-02 00:52:50 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed1.cidera.com!Cidera!news1.atlantic.net!not-for-mail
From: "Tukka Yoot" <tukka@atlantic.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <HmZz8.169$Sp1.99209@news1.atlantic.net> <Bm3A8.7841$v32.752311@news1.west.cox.net>
Subject: Re: Firiona Vie ruleset changes. :(
Lines: 226
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <X76A8.175$Sp1.115284@news1.atlantic.net>
Date: Thu, 2 May 2002 03:52:59 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 209.208.108.216
X-Complaints-To: news@atlantic.net
X-Trace: news1.atlantic.net 1020325495 209.208.108.216 (Thu, 02 May 2002 03:44:55 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 02 May 2002 03:44:55 EDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:191861

  I was wondering if you would comment on the issue, Brad.  Thanks for
chipping in with your thoughts.

> Well, I like some of the changes (and actually asked for them some months
> back), but not other ones.

  Same.

> The anonymous stuff just had to go... it was too hard to find pick-up
> groups, and was just a bad, anti-community building idea, IMHO.

  I agree, and moreover, it forces you to ask a person their level upfront
when seeking a group.  I prefer not having to open a conversation with OOC
dialog, at least on this server.  Also, it makes reaching those milestone
levels a little less sweet, nobody will ever see that I am a "Gravelord" (if
I ever get that high).

> Just turning off the language restrictions I don't care for.  I still
think
> they're a great idea, and reinforce RP and racial differences.  That said,
> learning languages IS too hard, but the difficulty could have just been
> turned down.

  Well, there is still no Common languages, but by allowing people to learn
a language with spam lessons in under 20 minutes, that is what is happening
for all intents and purposes.  I think the old system made it a little too
difficult to pick up languages.  If they increased the changes of a language
skill increase occuring (from what seems like 1 in 100 with good
intelligence, down to about 1 in 5 or 10) and if they lowered the lesson
timer down to 15 minutes, that would be reasonable.

  But all in all, I never really cared for the language barriers.  It makes
the server less friendly to newbies and it hinders communication, which is
ultimately necessary for roleplaying and getting just about anything
accomplished.  On top of that, the language barrier also nerfed animated
emotes.

   It did give the server some character, but at perhaps too high a price.

> I don't really like /shout and /auction returning to everywhere... but
then
> I'm not a fan of global channels that are now being used to sell a bunch
of
> stuff, removing any chance of regional price differences... so this isn't
a
> biggie for me.

  There were never any regional price differences that I noticed, at least
not meaningful ones.  Maybe you'd be more likely to sell your bone chips in
a high level zone with no chip dropping mobs, or in Cabilis where there is
somebody working on faction, but other than that, no price differences based
on geography really emerged, as there is no system really in place to
encourage that sort of thing.

  What I don't like about the addition of /shout and /auction channels is
that you know that now EC is going to become the standard trading zone, and
you'll still get the same hoards of people gathered at the tunnel.  That
certainly won't feel like FV anymore.  Eventually implementation of the
bazaar may alleviate some of this, though.  People will stop using word of
mouth to trade, or bulliten boards, which I kind of liked.  Instead you'll
have to leave auction on if you want to buy just about anything, and that
means having to listen to all the other jibber jabber that goes along with
the buying and selling.

> Alignment restrictions I've always liked, and are definitely RP, IMHO.   I
> don't think these had anything to do with the low server population.

  I think it may have an impact on the server population.  Finding a group
as an evil erudite at low levels was pretty difficult at times.  I once
spent over 3 hours in Qeynos (before they put in soulbinders) trying to find
somebody who could and would bind me.  For a lot of people, one experience
like that and they'd throw in the towel.

  At first, I was firmly against the alignment restrictions.  I cut my RPing
teeth in GemStone III, where everything is sort of free form.  Nothing in
that game's background really dictates the morality of any race or class or
race/class combo, whereas in EQ, you have classes and races which are
supposed to be evil or good to the bone.  I generally prefer leaving the
decision in the hands of the player about who the want to group with and
under what circumstances, but gradually I came to realize that on FV, the
alignment grouping restrictions kept RPers honest.  Somebody will always
raise the point, "Hey, a paladin and a shadow knight might work together to
fight a common foe to save Norrath" (somebody said this very thing to me
today), but in the vast majority of circumstances, this is not the case...
you are fighting for some relatively meaningless cause, usually personal
advancement in the form of experience and loot/gear that should not even
come close to carrying the same weight as a paladin's moral code or a shadow
knight's fearful devotion to his dark lord.

  So I think it ended up encouraging roleplay, though at a price.

> Changing it from one character per server to three... arrgghhh!!  This is
a
> really bad move, in my opinion.  Having to commit to one character, making
> it more difficult for mules, etc. was a big part of this server and its
feel
> and culture.

  I agree totally, and this is the one change that I am lobbying for Verant
to hold off on, at least for now.  I'd like them to at least see how the
other changes may impact the server before taking this HUGE step.  It's
going to change the character of the server in a major way, and it's
something they can't go back on (unless maybe they offer free character
transfers to other servers, which I don't see them doing.)

  I'm almost afraid to mention this here, but just think of what it will
mean to have a server that is virtually without NO DROP items, with no one
character limit.  In many ways it is the twinker's paradise.  What other
server can you twink a level 1 character with full planar gear and J. Boots
on?  Eventually it will happen here, and just the possibility will attract
many people I'm sure.  A friend of mine reported some very distrubing
conversations along these lines in chat today (cross server trades in
preparation for the change, ect.)

> Overall, rather disappointing, especially since I was the primary
architect
> behind the FV ruleset.  It would have been better, IMHO, to turn of fewer

> features at a time, and then watch and see if peak usage went up.  After
> playing on there regularly since September, my inclination is the usage
> numbers are down primarily due to the anonymous stuff.  I'm lucky enough
to
> play with a close group of friends regularly, so picking up a group or
> finding each other isn't a problem.  But if I didn't have this network of
> guildmates, finding a pick-up group without knowing the class and level of
> the people in your zone would be a nightmare.  IMHO, that's primarily why
> the numbers are down.

  You're right, but I think you may be underestimating the impact the
alignment restrictions are having.  Another thing that I know is turning off
some people is TLC.  There is a perception that it's really a lot worse than
it is.  People hate to see that red TLC text that indicates a nice item just
went poof.  In my opinion, no NO DROP more than makes up for it, but I'd
rather see TLC go than to see the 1 character limit go.

> That said, the population doesn't seem to be horribly sparse... I still
> encounter plenty of people running around the world -- I certainly don't
> feel alone, and it's great to not have to fight over over-populated areas.
> I was always fearful of underpopulated servers and much as overpopulated
> servers, but FV seems fine when I play (9pm-2am or so, PST).

  I agree, I like the server population where it is now.  It could stand to
grow a little, but if you built a small network of friends and join a guild,
finding a group generally isn't a problem.  It just forces you to be a
little more social, and makes your reputation that much more important.

  Even if FV's population really is that low, what it lacks in quantity it
makes up for in quality.  If the FV experience changes radically, I probably
won't be playing EQ very much anymore, and I probably would quit if I didn't
prepay... FV is one of the things that compelled me to prepay.

  But I'm sure Verant is using a different benchmark to determine EQ's
success.  It's not how much people are enjoying it that matters as much to
them, as much as a matter of how many people the server is "handling".  FV
probably consumes roughly the same amount of resources as a server that has
a population two or three times greater.  Maybe the server just isn't
"pulling its weight."

> Now I'm sure some would argue the reason for its popularity problems are
> linked to TLC, but I'd have to respectfully disagree.  I think it makes
for
> an interesting economy, although some of the items that are normally
no-drop
> are too common at the high-end game, which could increase the rate of
> MUDflation later in the server's life, and this is a concern.  But, I am
> biased -- I was alwasy the big proponent of TLC while at SOE/VI.

  I like TLC, like I said before, a lot of people think it's a lot worse
than it is.  The perception is enough to keep a lot of people away.  What
TLC needs is a PR makeover.  A lot of people, even FV veterens, STILL do not
know exactly how and when TLC is supposed to go into effect (and it is a
little buggy, the other night I had the Shrine Key, which is LORE and MAGIC,
drop off Ziglak, a drake that is green to me... I was level 43 at the
time... a few kills later, the key started going TLC.)

> In any case, I love playing there, and while I'm sorry to hear about most
of
> these changes, I don't think it will destroy the environment, and I plan
to
> keep playing there regularly.  I just hit 45 the other day, and am
> determined to at least get to 50, and maybe even 60 if I have time
(although
> I'm getting more and more busy at Sigil -- things are really coming
> together).

  Heh, I hit 44 yesterday, I wonder if we've ever grouped. :P  Heck, I
wonder if you're in my guild (doubt it). ;)

  In the meantime, I'm trying to enjoy it.  A few guildmates and I decided
to take out some of our aggression on each other with a goodnatured brawl in
the Arena, which was a ton of fun, I got sort of a Shang Tsung complex after
a string of victories, and it took my mind off the impending changes.  On
Sunday I may be participating in my first Nagafen raid, and I was on sort of
a high until I heard this news.  I hope I am overreacting and the changes
don't ruin the server, but really what these changes are doing is making a
big step towards turning it blue, and if the server is blue in all but
name... it is still blue, and that is the experience the server will provide
for us.

  But I guess there are upsides to all this, too.  I was growing to like FV
so much that I was putting games like Shadowbane, EQ2 and SWG out of mind,
despite a desire to want to play them, with the amount of time these games
take up, and as much as they can cost (cumulatively), I don't know if I
could afford to play them all, aside from not wanting to divert attention
away from my character's advancement and to my guild.  Now I'm a lot less
excited about FV, and a little more excited about upcoming MMORPGs, which
may end up providing an ultimately more fulfilling and enjoyable experience
than EQ, even with FV's old ruleset.  Maybe the game I end up enjoying is
the one that you're working on.

  Who knows.  I hope you're right, I hope I'm overreacting.  Please tell
your old friends at Verant exactly how you feel.  The biggest change, the
character limit removal, seems ill considered, the reason given being "New
race and class combos have since been introduced, and we want to give people
an oppurtunity to play them on this server"... which is a REALLY lame reason
to make a change of this magnitude, since most people who really wanted to
play those race/class combos have already scrapped their old characters and
made the sacrifice (this change only makes them feel worse).  Maybe if an
ex-exec like you who they know can look at this from the perspective of a
game designer as well as player speaks up, along with the rest of the
unwashed hoards, it will be enough for them to at least reconsider SOME of
the changes.

  Thanks. :)




