From -1594390194120907649
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e777036c1a4def75
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: EQII The story...
Date: Sat, 16 Oct 2004 15:00:06 -0700
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10n369p3n8gvf62@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <j9acd.15322$vZ5.9219@tornado.tampabay.rr.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Response
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 76
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:19507


"Dick Correa" <whoisit@r2d2.net> wrote in message 
news:j9acd.15322$vZ5.9219@tornado.tampabay.rr.com...

> On the subject of dying.  There isn't any penalty.  Not really.  You pop 
> up with your gear, in a safe spot you choose.  You are given a way to go 
> find your body like the wisp pointers in EQ, and the penalty can usually 
> be worked off in 30 minutes. No experience loss, just some skill loss for 
> about an hour.  This sucked.  I NEVER EVER FEARED DYING.  There was no 
> worry, no wondering if I was to survive the encounter, no fretting over if 
> I was going to lose my gear.  It does not exist, and that took a great 
> deal of the fun out of the game.  There must be a reward, penalty for all 
> encounters or the entire object of the encounter is lost. The value of all 
> items goes way down when there is no penalty to pay.  However, if you are 
> designing a game to possibly go on a playstation for younger players, then 
> hey, this is the way to go.  Just like any other Sony Playstaion game. 
> You die, who cares, you start from where you left off.

When you die in EQ2 you suffer the following penalties:

1) You incur a significant amount of debt.
2) You lose a spirit shard and as a result suffer significant stat losses.
3) All of your equipped gear takes a 10% hit on durability

If you choose to Revive without a rez, you will be transported back to one 
of the locations specified in the Revive dialog, without your shard, and 
with massive debt. If you then run back to where your shard dropped, you can 
recover it and regain the stats lost and much of the debt. However, some 
debt remains as does the equipment durability loss. If someone rezzes you, 
there's no CR, and no shard loss, but debt remains and equipment 
degradation. There is no debt-free res that I know of yet (tho this may come 
in later levels). You can have your equipment repaired by a mender in town 
for a fee (money sink) and if your gear ever gets to 0% it does not 
disappear, but it cannot be equipped.

When you incur debt, any new experience that you receive is divided up and 
allocated half-and-half to your leveling and to paying off your existing 
debt. The debt system is a good system, it's very similar to the one used in 
CoH. With this system, you never lose experience, you are always continuing 
forward progress. But here's the real key to why a debt system is a great 
system: If you're a casual player who doesn't really care about being in top 
form for fights and are willing to wait the 72 hours that debt will wear off 
on its own, then you love this system and debt is relatively painless for 
you. If you're a player who likes to be at optimal efficiency, and you want 
to level fast, debt is a BITCH. Debt does the one thing that hurts a 
hardcore player more than anything else short of taking away experience: it 
*slows down leveling*. LOL this is the worst thing that can happen to a 
hardcore player and anyone who has played CoH for any significant length of 
time can tell you that debt is very undesirable and highly incents avoidance 
of death.

So I'm not sure where you fit on the spectrum of players, but I can tell you 
that the vast majority of EQ2 players that I know (and CoH players for that 
matter) did not like debt, avoided debt as much as possible, and 
consequently always feared death enough to avoid taking stupid, reckless 
chances. No one wants debt, particularly power players. More evidence of 
what I'm saying is the virutal ritual of announcing "No more debt!" with as 
much fanfare as a "Ding". Again, it's similar to CoH in this regard, so you 
CoH'ers will know exactly what I mean.

The system achieves its purpose of disincenting death enough to make it 
undesirable while not killing experimentation and exploration by crippling 
you with a ridiculous and disproportional burden. Good design imo.

-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Dwarven Mystic and Sage
Citizen of Qeynos

Elder Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie






