From -1157979804881593168
X-Google-Thread: fb739,e8c9e7d29c23b6ef
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!news-out.ntli.net!newsrout1.ntli.net!news-in.ntli.net!ntli.net!newspeer1-win.ntli.net!newsfe2-gui.ntli.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "Lief" <ask.me.for@it.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <cvpai05o3v2uru3pl4r6s3j886emq98qb4@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: New aas
Lines: 547
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain;
	charset="iso-8859-1"
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1437
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1441
Message-ID: <PvhVc.142$Rw4.36@newsfe2-gui.ntli.net>
Date: Fri, 20 Aug 2004 07:12:47 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 81.98.121.237
X-Trace: newsfe2-gui.ntli.net 1092985967 81.98.121.237 (Fri, 20 Aug 2004 07:12:47 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 20 Aug 2004 07:12:47 GMT
Organization: NTL
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13984


"Ben Sisson" <ilkhanikeDIESPAM@yahoo.ca> wrote in message
news:cvpai05o3v2uru3pl4r6s3j886emq98qb4@4ax.com...
> The whole list (as far as we know) is here:

Amended and edited list:

General AA:

Improved Vision
This ability permanently enhances your vision. The first rank grants you
infravision, the second rank grants you ultravision, and the third rank
grants you the ability to see the invisible.

Eternal Breath
This ability grants you the permanent ability to breath underwater and in
airless environments.

Blacksmithing Mastery
This ability reduces the chance of failing blacksmith combinations by 10,
25, and 50 percent.

Baking Mastery
This ability reduces the chance of failing baking combinations by 10, 25,
and 50 percent.

Brewing Mastery
This ability reduces the chance of failing brewing combinations by 10, 25,
and 50 percent.

Fletching Mastery
This ability reduces the chance of failing fletching combinations by 10, 25,
and 50 percent.

Pottery Mastery
This ability reduces the chance of failing pottery combinations by 10, 25,
and 50 percent.

Tailoring Mastery
This ability reduces the chance of failing tailoring combinations by 10, 25,
and 50 percent.

Salvage
This ability gives you the chance to automatically recover an item that
would otherwise be lost on a failed tradeskill combine.

Origin
Upon using this ability, you will be transported back to a friendly city.

Chaotic Potential
This ability raises the maximum that your statistics can be increased to
with items and spells by 5 points per rank.

Discordant Defiance
This ability raises the maximum that your resistances can increased to with
items and spells by 5 points per rank.

Mystical Attuning
This ability increases the number of mystical effects that can affect you at
once by 1 per rank.

Delay Death
This ability increases how far below zero your hit points can fall before
you die by 100 hit points per rank. You will still fall unconscious when you
reach zero hit points.

Healthy Aura
This ability raises the maximum that your regeneration can be increased with
items and spells by 5 points per rank.

Fitness
This ability increases your natural endurance regeneration by 1 point per
rank.

Veteran's Wrath
This ability increases the damage you cause when you land a critical hit on
a melee attack.

Deathblow
This ability further increases the maximum level of NPCs affected by your
Finishing Blow ability. The first rank of this ability works on NPCs below
level 61, the second rank on NPCs below level 63, and the third rank on NPCs
below level 65.

Reflexive Mastery
This ability further increases your chance of completely avoiding incoming
melee damage.

Defensive Instincts
This ability further increases your mitigation of incoming melee damage.

Mnemonic Retention
This ability gives you an additional spell slot so you can memorize an
additional spell.

Expansive Mind
This ability raises the maximum that your mana regeneration can be increased
with items by 5 points per rank.

Slight of Hand
By using slight-of-hand techniques, you are able to further disguise your
spell casting activities causing NPCs to notice your magical activities less
often.

Healing Adept Mastery
This ability increases the maximum effectiveness of your healing spells by 3
percent per rank.

Healing Gift Mastery
Each rank in this ability increases the chance to score an exceptional heal.
An exceptional heal doubles the healing value of the spell.

Arcane Tongues
This ability reduces the chance of failing research combinations by 10, 25,
and 50 percent.

Master of Disguise
This ability lends persistence to your illusionary disguises, causing them
to last until you die or manually remove them.

Slippery Attacks
This ability makes it more difficult for opponents to riposte your offhand
attacks. Each rank increases the chance that your opponent will fail to
riposte by 20%.

Greater Sinister Strikes
This ability increases the damage you cause when attacking with a weapon in
your secondary hand.

Improved Critical Affliction
This ability grants damage-over-time spells an increased chance to have a
critical effect each time they are active.

Shielding Resistance
This ability decreases the amount of damage you take when your offhand
attacks encounter a damage shield.


Bard AA:

Fortified Bellowing
This ability allows you to bellow with a force that causes physical harm to
your enemies as well as potentially interfering with spell casting. This
upgraded ability does more damage and increases the maximum level of NPC
that can be stunned by your bellows.

Dance of Blades
This ability allows you to make a spinning attack that hits everything
within a small radius around you.

Discordant Melodies
This ability causes all songs played during its duration to generate an
increased amount of hate. Additional ranks increase the hate generated.

Shield of Notes
When this ability is activated, your music forms a physical barrier about
you, decreasing the damage you take from spells and melee attacks. Increased
ranks improve both the effectiveness of the barrier as well as how much
damage it can absorb before it fails.


Beastlord AA:

Roar of Thunder
When this ability is activated, the beastlord will unleash a terrible roar
that damages and stuns its opponent.

Improved Suspended Minion
This ability upgrades your current Suspended Minion ability, allowing pets
to remain suspended across zone lines.

Perfection of Spirit
This ability allows the beastlord to share some of his natural attuning with
his party in the form of health and mana. This upgrade increases the amount
of health and mana that is shared with party.

Replenish Companion
This ability grants you an enhanced version of the Mend Companion ability.
Each additional rank increases the healing power of the ability further.

Advanced Pet Discipline
The first rank of this ability allows you to give your pet a ""focus""
command so it will not attack any opponent other than ones you directly
order it to. The second rank allows you to tell your pet to not cast any
spells. Usage: /pet focus, /pet nospell.


Berserker AA:

Throwing Mastery
This ability increases throwing damage by 30, 60, and 100 percent.

Blur of Axes
This ability increases the damage that is done by Frenzy.

Hastened War Cry
This ability reduces the timer on the various war cry disciplines by 3
minutes per rank.

Dead Aim
This ability increases the accuracy of your thrown weapons.

Frenzied Defense
This ability grants the chance to automatically make a frenzied attack on a
successful riposte.

Tireless Sprint
This ability gives you an enhanced form of your Sprint discipline that
allows you to run faster and for a longer time. Each rank increases both the
speed of the sprint and its duration. You must use this new hotkey to get
the enhanced effect.


Desperation
Use of this ability causes the berserker's attacks to take on a desperate
edge. As the berserker gets closer to death, they will attack faster.

Untamed Rage
Using this ability causes the berserker to fall into a rage, attacking their
opponent with no thought of their own safety. With each rank, the damage is
increased, but the berserker's defenses suffer.

Echoing Cries
This ability increases the duration of war cry effects by 25, 50, and 100
percent.

Vicious Frenzy
This ability further increases the damage done by Frenzy.

Crazed Onslaught
This ability increases the chance to make a flurry attack upon a successful
triple attack.

Overwhelming Attack
Through sheer might, you can batter through your opponent's defenses. This
ability increases your chance to bypass your opponent's special defenses
such as dodge, block, parry, and riposte.

Furious Rage
Using this ability causes the berserker to fall into a rage, attacking their
opponent with no thought of their own safety. With each rank, the damage is
increased, but the berserker's defenses suffer.

Blood Pact
While this ability is active, the berserker will push themselves beyond
their limits. The berserker's damage output will increase, but they will
take a portion of the damage they dole out themselves.


Cleric AA:

Healing Boon
This ability grants heal-over-time spells the chance to have a critical
effect each tick they are active. An exceptional heal doubles the healing
value of the spell for that tick.

Resplendent Cure
This ability grants you a more potent form of your Radiant Cure ability.
Subsequent ranks increase the curing properties of this ability.

Celestial Spirit
Use of this ability calls forth a celestial spirit to attack your opponent.

Divine Retribution
While this ability is active, any creature daring to attack the cleric has a
chance to be stunned in retribution. Additional ranks in this ability
increase the chance that creatures that attack you will be stunned. This
ability does not affect creatures that are immune to stunning or creatures
above level 70.

Hastened Resurrection
Each rank in this ability decreases the time required between uses of your
Divine Resurrection ability by one hour.

Celestial Rejuvenation
This ability grants you an improved version of your Celestial Regeneration
ability.

Fervent Benediction
Use of this ability creates an enhanced version of your Exquisite
Benediction ward. Increased ranks improve the healing capabilities of this
ward.

Sanctuary
While you are under the effects of this ability, creatures will always
choose to attack someone else before they attack you. You may cast spells
upon yourself, but the sanctuary effect immediately ends if you take any
hostile action or cast spells on another player.


Druid AA:

Destructive Fury
This ability increases the strength of your critical spell hits, causing
them to do more damage.

Advanced Dire Charm (druid)
This ability gives you an enhanced version of Dire Charm that is able to
permanently charm higher level animals.

Advanced Dire Charm (enchanter)
This ability gives you an enhanced version of Dire Charm that is able to
permanently charm higher level NPCs.

Advanced Dire Charm (necromancer)
This ability gives you an enhanced version of Dire Charm that is able to
permanently charm higher level undead.

Boon of the Forest
Use of this ability creates an enhanced version of your Nature's Boon ward.
Increased ranks improve the healing capabilities of this ward.

Spirit of the Grove
This provides you with an upgraded version of your Spirit of the Wood
ability that has increased healing properties.

Call of the Wild
This ability allows you to call a fallen comrade's spirit back to their
corpse. This resurrection does not restore any lost experience, but the
player can still get an experience resurrection after being affected by this
ability.

Secondary Recall
Use of this ability allows you to quickly gate yourself back to a secondary
bind point that has been previously set by use of a Stone of Marking.

Nature's Bounty (poss ranger also)
This ability gives you an innate chance to forage more than one item at a
time. Additional ranks increase the chance to forage a second item.


Enchanter AA:

Stasis
Use of this ability causes the target to fall unconscious and remain so
until the effect wears off. Nothing will awaken the victim while they are
under the effect of Stasis.

Rune of Discord
This ability provides you with an upgraded version of Eldritch Rune that
will absorb more damage before fading.

Color Shock
While this ability is active, any creature that tries to attack the
enchanter has a chance to be stunned in retribution. Additional ranks in
this ability increase the chance that creatures that attack you will be
stunned. This ability does not affect creatures that are immune to stunning
or creatures above level 70.

Mind Over Matter
While active, a portion of the damage you sustain is taken out of your mana
rather than your hit points. Any damage that cannot be absorbed by your mana
comes off your hit points instead.

Soothing Words
Through use of this ability, you can sooth an angry creature, greatly
reducing how angry it is with its current target.


Magician AA:

Hastened Host of the Elements
This ability decreases the time required between uses of Host of the
Elements by 10 percent per rank.

Heart of Flames
This ability will allow you to turn into an embodiment of elemental fire,
increasing the damage caused by your fire-based spells.

Heart of Vapor
This ability will allow you to turn into an embodiment of elemental air,
greatly reducing how much creatures hate you for the detrimental spells you
cast.

Heart of Ice
This ability will allow you to turn into an embodiment of elemental ice,
greatly reducing the damage you take from spells.

Heart of Stone
This ability will allow you to turn into an embodiment of elemental earth,
greatly reducing the damage you take from melee attacks.

Monk AA:

Imitate Death
This ability allows the monk to execute a perfect feign death that causes
every creature to forget about them immediately.

Crippling Strike
This ability augments Eagle Strike with a chance to reduce the movement
speed of the target. Ranks in this ability increase the potency and duration
of the snare effect.

Stunning Kick
This ability augments Round Kick with a chance to stun the target. Ranks in
this ability increase the duration of the stun.

Eye Gouge
This ability augments Tiger Claw with a chance to blind the target, reducing
its ability to attack. Ranks in this ability increase the potency of the
blinding.

Iron Kicks
Each rank in this ability increases the damage done by your Flying Kicks.

Style of the Mimic
By mimicking the movements of your opponent, you are better able to
anticipate and bypass his defenses.


Necromancer AA:

Death Peace
This ability gives you an additional way to feign death.

Army of the Dead
This ability calls up to five shades of nearby corpses back to life to serve
the necromancer. The soulless abominations will mindlessly fight the target
until called back to the afterlife some time later. The shades summoned by
the first rank of this ability serve for 60 seconds, and each increasing
rank adds 15 additional seconds.


Paladin AA:

Celestial Stun
This ability provides an enhanced, fast-casting spell that has the chance to
interrupt higher level NPCs.

Steadfast Will
This ability grants a chance to endure what would otherwise be a stunning
blow, from any angle, without being stunned.

Shield Block
This ability grants you the chance to fully block an attack when using a
shield. Increased ranks improve the chance to block attacks.


Ranger AA:

Efficiency of the Hunter
Each rank in this ability further increases the accuracy of your melee
attacks.

Guardian of the Glade
This ability transforms you into an exceptionally bloodthirsty wolf that
attacks with lightning speed for a brief time. The transition into the wolf
will also cause many of your wounds to heal.

Tracking Mastery
Each rank in this ability increases the maximum you can increase your
tracking skill by 20 points.

Rogue AA:

Flurry of Knives
Each rank in this ability increases the chance that the rogue will attempt
an additional backstab after a successful double backstab.

Precision
Each rank in this ability increases the chance of successfully landing a
backstab.

Nerves of Steel
Each rank in this ability gives rogues an increasing chance to remain hidden
when a spell hits them. At the highest rank, a resisted spell will never
break Hide and there is a good chance that the rogue will remain hidden even
when a spell successfully hits them.

Shadow Meld
Use of this ability causes the rogue to momentarily step into the realm of
shadow and reappear invisible a short distance away.


Shadowknight AA:

Touch of the Cursed
This ability grants the shadowknight a chance to drain the life of his
opponent any time he makes a melee attack.

Spiritual Corrosion
This ability further increases the damage of the lifetaps that result from
shadowknight self buffs.

Soul Thief
This ability further increases the chance that the healing effect of your
lifetaps will provide an exceptional amount of healing.


Shaman AA:

Spiritual Channeling
While this ability is active, all of your spells will be fueled directly by
the energy of your body, consuming hit points rather than mana.

Boon of the Ancients
Use of this ability creates an enhanced version of your Call of the Ancients
ward. Increased ranks improve the healing capabilities of this ward.

Ancestral Aid
Through use of this ability, the shaman can call upon their ancestors for
aid, providing healing and rest to their group.


Warrior AA:

Resolute Defiance
This ability allows warriors to temporarily boost their hit points further
than the boost provided by Warlord's Tenacity. As with Warlord's Tenacity,
these hit points fade over the course of one minute leaving the warrior
weaker than when Resolute Defiance started.

Press the Attack
This ability allows you to pressure your opponent, causing him to stumble
away from you.


Wizard AA:

Mind Crash
When used, this ability will cause the targeted creature to become
considerably less angry with you.

Prolonged Destruction
This ability grants you an enhanced version of Frenzied Devastation that
lasts for an additional 10 seconds per rank.

Ro's Greater Familiar
This ability provides you with a familiar that strengthens the effects of
your fire-based spells.

E'ci's Greater Familiar
This ability provides you with a familiar that strengthens the effects of
your ice-based spells.

Druzzil's Greater Familiar
This ability provides you with a familiar that strengthens the effects of
your magic-based spells.

Teleport Bind
When activated, this ability will teleport the wizard's entire group to the
wizard's bind point.

Devoted Familiar
This ability will call forth a familiar that provides even greater benefits
to its owner than its predecessor.



