From 6876581066724519701
X-Google-Thread: fb739,266894433c6191b8
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: what can eq2 learn from WoW and vice versa?
Date: Fri, 28 Jan 2005 19:38:58 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10vm12pjaaa6i0f@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <OUuKd.138793$K7.82611@news-server.bigpond.net.au>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 205
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:30579


"Shadow" <kitchen@fis.org.nz> wrote in message 
news:OUuKd.138793$K7.82611@news-server.bigpond.net.au...

>I haven't seen WOW yet, so i'll rely on the experience of the readers out
> there for more information, but here is my impression.

I now play both games so I feel like I have a better perspective than ever 
for apprecating the differences. I've a great deal more experience with EQ2 
because of several months in beta and continous play since release, as well 
as a significant commitment there. But my wife and I have logged enough 
hours to get two level 20's in WoW in our spare time and enough of a picture 
is emerging now to clarify a lot of the questions I had based on my limited 
experience with the WoW beta.

> Wow pluses.
>
> Wow has a good quest sharing system.

This is a very nice feature. I spend a lot of time running around doing 
quests and I'm not always with my wife. When she logs in to join me, I can 
group her up, and simply share with her the same quests I'm working on, 
without the need for her to go find the NPCs. Wish EQ2 had this (and don't 
be surprised if it gets it).

> Soling better than eq2 although eq2 might be closing the gap with recent
> changes.

Not even close here. WoW wins, hands down. My wife plays a 20 Rogue and I 
play a 20 Paladin and either one of us can solo at any time virtually 
anywhere we have quests and have a spectacular time doing it. As a duo we're 
even better, and this is how we primarily play. At least half the 50 quests 
in my EQ2 journal I cannot complete without a group. It's true that they've 
supposedly added more solo content and more experience for small groups, but 
I've yet to experience it and in any case, I have a hard time imagining that 
it will rise to the level of soloability in WoW. You really don't need other 
players around to enjoy most of WoW, although I'm told that this will change 
once I start doing instances and fighting Elites. But I also understand this 
to be a fairly small and optional portion of the overall game.

> Wow minuses
> No tradeskilling?

No, they have significant crafting. It's along the lines of the classic 
crafting model, where you grind on recipes to raise your skill to make 
higher quality items etc, and there's no risk or lethality, just big money 
and time sinks. Reasonably fun, but ultimately not as satisfying for me 
since there's no real craftsmanship involved. If you have the time and the 
money, you'll eventually make the same items that anyone else can make given 
the same time and money. Nothing to distinguish your items from anyone 
else's other than the rarity of recipes that you've been able to acquire 
(admittedly, I've no experience with this so it might be more of a 
distinction than I'm giving credit for).

> inferior graphics

No, I rate the WoW graphics slightly superior. It's the difference between a 
really good movie set blessed with great art direction and living in 
Fantasyland or Toontown in Disneyland. WoW's world is gorgeous and inspiring 
and I love exploring it, even if it's not nearly as interactive as EQ2's. 
EQ2 is more realistic and familiar and therefore somewhat more mundane. More 
realism doesn't translate to more fun or more engaging. But on an 
interactivity scale, EQ2 does better. When I run into a new location in EQ2 
the first thing I do is scan for interactive objects that can provide 
quests. I've given up doing that in WoW since the most interactive thing I 
usually find is a chair. It's disappointing to see the beautiful artwork of 
WoW wind up mostly just scenery, but there's something about prancing around 
in the snow under the moonlight in Dun Morogh that isn't quite captured 
anywhere in EQ2. One is more satisfying, but I constantly reach for the 
other, too. There's a lot to be said for the eye candy of WoW, it's a 
beautiful world and more so than EQ2's gritty, realistic look.

I really don't get your point about character customization, I'm astonished 
that you even raise this issue. Have you tried altering a Tauren or Dwarf to 
make them look unique in WoW? Forget it. The character models of EQ2 are 
vastly more diverse and unique. Not CoH level, but way out front of WoW.

> EQ2
>
> Voices add a lot of flavour and can crack me up. Also, i love that kerran
> female voice. ;-)

Yeah, I love this feature of EQ2 and think it adds greatly to the flavor of 
the game. I love to hate Bryan Shorecling ("You talk to strangers? What's 
the purpose of that?") and if that little kid asks me one more time if I've 
ever seen a gnoll I may punch him in the face, but I'm glad he's there.

> Lore is deep and continuity with eq1 is as far as i know, unique.

Here EQ2 wins easily with a rich and complete body of lore to fall back on. 
The Heritage quests bring this to life but the whole quest system overflows 
with it, and in the end the quests of EverQuest are far more satisfying than 
anything I've experienced in WoW. At least, for this player. The larger 
issue here imo that is related to this point is that the questing of 
EverQuest has far more depth. If you read my account of the Nektropos Castle 
event, you have one small glimpse of what it means to do a quest in 
EverQuest2. In WoW, I'm disappointed that every quest I've done has been in 
the nature of "Kill 0/10 Ratfink Poachers" or "find the Googlesnapp 
Tinkerbobber 0/1".

WoW's quests don't give me a very strong sense of purpose of story 
continuity. Sure, the Defias brotherhood needs to be spanked so I see how 
the 5 or 6 linked quests in that story line up, but ultimlately all of them 
boil down to "Go to location X and kill Y number of them". Contrast this to 
the warding of Sigils in Firemyst, the spawning and destruction of Scions in 
Stormhold, or any of the Heritage quests that are epic in scope and 
demanding in execution (five hours in Nektropos Castle), and EQ2's quests 
are just much more deep and satisfying as standalone encounters of unique 
interest, compared to the grind I feel in WoW's quests. Different attention 
spans and commitment levels required for each, and certainly EQ2's require 
grouping more often than not.

On a purely housekeeping point, the overall quest management in EQ2 is 
superior but the loot and rewards management offered by WoW has no equal in 
EQ2. There's a lot more information in the EQ2 quest journal that can 
usually lead a careful reader to figure out whatever's missing. And the 
categorization of quests is far more interesting in EQ2 (Heritage, Hallmark, 
Collection, Prestige, Lore and Legend, Access, etc, compared to WoW's 
categorization by city).  But although it's true that WoW's quest journal is 
less descriptive and less helpful as a standalone guide to the quest, WoW is 
far more informative of what my reward will be. You could argue that this 
actually provides a better sense of purpose and a cause to fight, but I 
suppose how you feel about this will depend on what your motivation is. If 
you're primarily after the loot or gear, WoW is going to be more satisfying 
because you can choose to do only those quests that will yield what you want 
and skip all the rest. On the other hand, if the story and adventure are 
what drives you, and you're really interested in finding out what the 
daughters of Everling are hiding in their diaries, or what evil Varsoon is 
harboring in the Ruins, you'll probably have a lot more fun doing EQ2 quests 
irrespective of the rewards.

> Tradeskilling better than eq1 but cumbersome, repitious, and strangely
> lethal if you use a forge.

This one has been argued to death. I remain impressed with the bold and 
risky departure that SOE took with EQ2 tradeskilling. It's not for everyone, 
but it's a real crafting system that raises crafting to a level of 
significance finally on a par with adventuring. You can indeed watch TV or 
chat casually while you're crafting in WoW, if that's what you want to do.

> eq2 negatives

> event horizons.

Yeah, I forgot how annoying zoning was until I started going back and forth 
into both worlds. There is very little zoning in WoW, almost none. In EQ2 
you're doing it all the time and although the zones are larger for the most 
part than they were in EQ1, it's still pretty much the same model except 
that now you have to manage instance numbers too ("everyone meet in Antonica 
3").

> Some quests like the collection quests for butterflies seem to be 
> impossible
> for the level they are designed for.

I don't mind this. I love having a quest journal full of ambitious goals 
waiting for me to find the wherewithall to tackle them.

> Why not make each butterfly appear in the same zone, with the same
> probability?

That would take away a large part of the appeal of collection quests imo. I 
don't see these as tasks that I can go knock off in one session, they are 
long term objectives, much like collecting antiques or stamps. You're not 
going to find your entire collection at one shop or garage sale, you're 
going to build it over time looking into the far reaches of all possible 
locations and the excitement of finding that one rare missing piece in the 
most unlikely spot is a large part of what what makes these quests appealing 
and unique.

There are many, many, more points of comparison of these two games and I'm 
still making my way through them both. My wife and I are 35/30 in EQ2 and 
20/20 in WoW and we have enough fun in both that it's a real toss up which 
to play on any given night. Fortunately, the structure of EQ2 lends itself 
to organized events that we can schedule with the guild on a regular and 
ongoing basis, and the free-form soloing of WoW allows us to pop in at any 
time to make progress either together or individually. So the reality is, 
we're having a great time playing both and our path is clear. I forsee great 
and epic adventure ahead in EQ2 with my guild and the rich lore and deep 
questing offered there. Also, the great groups we've forged there will get 
us through the most exciting content the game offers. With WoW, I expect 
we'll have a good time making our way up the levels much the same way that 
we kept playing Diablo. Blizzard still knows how to make a fun game.

I love a good Bordeaux and will take the time to prepare it and savor it on 
those occasions when I can enjoy it. But there's still nothing that beats a 
nice cold Pepsi in a can any random time that I feel like having one.

-- 
Redbeard
<Veritas>
Dwarven Mystic and Alchemist
Loyal Citizen of the Antonia Bayle
Current resident of the Willow Wood, City of Qeynos
http://veritas.everquest2guilds.com

Descendant of the Elder Winterfury Thunderwolf
<Resolution, Retired>
Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie







