From 8328290298409090830
X-Google-Thread: fb739,aa7d7def79f38dc8,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!news.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 12 May 2005 07:46:01 -0500
From: Seeq Endestroi <seeq@nospam.co.uk>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: EQL: RPGExpert: 10 fun Ideas
Date: Thu, 12 May 2005 07:46:00 -0500
Sender: Seeq Endestroi <seeq@nospam.co.uk>
Reply-To: Seeq Endestroi <seeq@nospam.co.uk>
Message-ID: <0sj681dlbn55ah9vifr3jetb8sliqb035n@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 2.0/32.652
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 82
X-Trace: sv3-5oi5/ku9V1GvcF1vRiUAEWOwqdOGjX1KdiyzZRLkLn23uAInOznvgybUbg19bzqYsTgMGKfY2yX6zte!43tDGMUeBsutJfl2c/Y2Z6Syij/WjqxboGWiTzH9WhgkaVeR7/MXGaU2eCWDvExyjHYM3E4=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@giganews.com
X-DMCA-Notifications: http://www.giganews.com/info/dmca.html
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:35413

I know this article might not hold the interest 90% of EverQuest players I 
feel it will provide a few fun ideas for some of you. 



Idea Number One: DO THIS NOW. Make a new dark elf necromancer named 
Pancake. Choose to start in Paineel. Walk outside of your starting city and 
jump into The Hole. Last time I did this I was killed BEFORE I hit the 
ground by 'mobs' casting on me. 



Idea Number Two: Make a new character (human monk maybe) named 
Imsofugginglost. See how far you can get into Naggie's Lair. Made even 
better if you spend the time to get feign death. The possibilities are 
endless when you want to explore. 



Idea Number Three: Get your newbe quest armor, the complete set. Wear it 
on your main dyed rainbow. This will costs you MAYBE an hour and several 
hundred platinum (for the dyes). It's unlikely, though, that anyone will 
know the names of the newbe armor so you can b/s them and tell then it's a 
brand new tailoring/smithing recipe. 



Idea Number Four: Lead your OWN events for lowbes and/or establish a casino 
that deals in more than just platinum. Great ideas for events include 
massive newbe raids on Crushbone Castle. Can 20 properly buffed level 1's 
take the castle? Have a massive "Hole" jumping spree (from idea number 
one). As for the casino... if you want to share the wealth offer up some 
of your tribute trash to lowbe characters.... But they have to win them. 
You'll make more this way than selling to merchants at the very least. 



Idea Number Five: Guildwar. I have yet to see a properly done guildwar. 
Guild A should take over something easy like Crushbone Castle or Estate of 
Unrest. Then Guild B zones in and tries to take it from them. There might 
be a little more tactic involved eliminating some well geared and THINKING 
targets than a mob with a set way of life and about a million guides written 
about him. 



Idea Number Six: Start a collection. Its extremely simple to expand your 
bank space with 10 slot toolboxes bought in Plane of Knowledge. You should 
have more than enough room for your own collection of 
heads/skulls/bones/MQable Items/clicky toys. I'd be impressed if someone 
linked me thirty or so heads from his bank. 



Idea Number Seven: Roleplay a character. You might find it more involving 
than anything you've ever done. Don't "twink" him... don't group him with a 
dark elf necromancer if you are a high elf cleric. Develop a background and 
become known for being either chivalrous or malicious. 



Idea Number Eight: Have naked races across norrath. Have drunken races 
through Kelethin. Have naked newbe kos races through ANY town. Everyone 
should partake in a skinny dipping event... maybe an impromptu hold your 
breath contest. Do the last two in lava if you're real hard core. 



Idea Number Nine: Get your whole guild drunk. Race to 200 in alcohol 
tolerance. Maybe have a drunken brawl. 



Idea Number Ten: Stage a siege against your guild's main tank in an arena 
with level one naked characters. 



Idea Number Eleven: Share your random thoughts with the masses after 
reading hundreds of disappointing posts by flamers across multiple message 
boards. Hope that one of your readers cracks a smile and takes your advice 
to heart and enjoys playing his favorite GAME.


