From -5643016210602019688
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a3b7192f1edb81dd
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2006 07:04:48 -0500
Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2006 08:04:44 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Start over?
References: <Xns9821EB7D846A0rumbledorhotmailcom@216.196.97.142>
In-Reply-To: <Xns9821EB7D846A0rumbledorhotmailcom@216.196.97.142>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <aJidnY74p_78xnnZnZ2dnUVZ_tydnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 168
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.48.203
X-Trace: sv3-IZoBL2GePU4VB27s0GM26VcztlMwICjh4mArOi7lyGogCmgsRAuhiuR1o4HJ3g2uit+RzoW+8JZMbUx!xEw2x1FxIkhj3K/BiGP4e9UcnHU45GtiAjMbEqM1EscaT9CyAqjw4ka4lHnR93qiz5uJbLEkBVX2!6cEZiXhL1X4=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:3560



Richard Carpenter wrote:


> Though I enjoy my alts, I still missed my bard. PoR was released, and I 
> thought, what the heck. I logged my bard again. I noticed that I had been 
> disbanded from my guild for inactivity - something I completely expected. 
> Then it occurred to me that maybe that was a good thing. Perhaps I should 
> look for a guild that wasn't so far along the progression path. Off to 
> the guild lobby I went to post a want ad.
> 
This is one of the problems inherant in a game like EQ; people level and 
  otherwise progress (gear, AA, even just raw skill) at different rates, 
and get to the point where they can't play together effectively.

While considered dispassionately this is fine, as there will always be 
people who are at around your level of play, and all you have to do is 
find them... it sucks because you find and make friends with people 
along the way, only to leave them behind, or to get left behind.

The progression in POP made this really clear, with whole zones you 
couldn't enter at all until you'd leveled and gotten thru trials, and in 
many cases gotten thru trials before trials before trials; unlike the 
planes of Hate and Fear or places like HOT, many of these zones were exp 
zones, with much better exp and misc loot than could be found outside 
those zones, so people who were Valor flagged, for example, were pretty 
much slumming if they grouped with someone who wasn't.



> I was pleasantly surprised to receive a couple of /tells within an hour 
> from officers of two different guilds, expressing interest in my joining 
> them. One was a fairly small guild, which was a bit of a concern, as with 
> server populations dwindling these days...well, you do the math. The 
> other looked interesting. Family-style, large member base and they needed 
> bards. Nice. They also had their share of 70's, but their roster appeared 
> to be deep enough, with characters of many different level ranges, so I 
> decided to give them a try. They are all friendly enough (I am still 
> tagged), but I quickly realized that most of the lower level characters 
> either didn't get much play or were inactive. I think I've only been able 
> to get a group with guildmates like once or twice in the couople of 
> months I've been active with them. I usually end up swarm kiting with my 
> /LFG flag up. This didn't last too long, however, as the devastation 
> changes borked swarming for a while. I wasn't left with much to do, so 
> back to my alts I went for a couple of months.
> 
I think what is lacking here is your technique for picking a new guild. 
  You've approached it from the top down, advertizing your services, 
looking at their guild roster, hoping to make a fit.  But what you're 
looking for isn't going to show up on paper; you're looking for a guild 
where you fit in with the people who actually play, with the raids they 
are actually doing.

I suggest that rather than start by looking for a guild, you start by 
looking for friends.  Join groups a lot, start groups a lot, and put the 
people you like and play well with on a friends list.  A robust friends 
list is in many ways better than a guild anyway, for your purposes.

Now after you've done this for a while, take a look at your friends 
list, and see what guilds they are in.  If a bunch of them are in the 
same guild, ask them about that guild, now what you're looking for is a 
fit in raiding patterns; sadly, many excellent and likable players are 
in guilds that don't raid the way you want to raid (whatever that way 
might be).  But at least you know one thing; there are people in that 
guild who play characters at around your level of progress, and who you 
like.

This doesn't always work, of course, I recently left a guild which has a 
lot of great people I enjoy playing with, enjoyed before joining, while 
in guild, and still play with now that I've left... leadership was 
messed up, and I didn't have any way to really know that until after I'd 
been in the guild and experienced it for a while.


> 
> HOWEVER (yes, I'm finally getting to my point), as I mentioned, this has 
> not been my typical experience. Though I will indeed look for a couple of 
> the folks in that group again, I have little reason to believe that, 
> outside of them, I won't be facing the same scenario of endless /LFG 
> sessions in the future. I've been toying with some characters on the 
> progression servers, considering rolling up a bard and starting over on a 
> more level playing field - where bards still make a big difference in 
> groups and raids - but I'm naturally very hesitant to just give up the 
> nearly 60 levels I've already obtained. The economy on the progression 
> servers is very healthy, while that of FV is pretty hosed, with more low 
> level twinks running around with high-end gear than you can shake a stick 
> at, but I do think I'm finally getting to the point where upgrades for me 
> will start to become more powerful, nodrop stuff, or stuff I really can't 
> afford to buy in the Bazaar.
> 
> The problem is that I'm beginning to feel I'm too far behind the curve on 
> FV. I'm wondering if I would be better off continuing to grind any way I 
> can there or just starting over on The Combine, where bards are still 
> highly useful, and itemization is compelling at all levels.
> 
If you start over on Combine, you're behind the curve; there's a lot of 
people in their high 50s who are building up decent (for the server) 
gear, even no drop gear.  And there are many lowbies who are bazaar 
twinks; earning enough money via sales of spiderling silks and the like 
to buy relatively common gear like MOSS or Charred Wooden Rod before 
they hit their teens... much less the real twinks, alts and second 
account characters of level 60s' who are repositories of gear someone 
actually went out of their way to farm, or found affordable on a level 
60's budget.

If you level fast, you're going to be in the same boat but manning a 
different set of oars; you'll make friends in your teens and find 
yourself 35 and too high to level with them since they haven't hit 20 
yet.  Remember, most people who are really just now hitting their teens 
on combine are not fast levelers at all.  Meanwhile, if you don't level 
all that fast, you'll make other friends who hit 35 before you hit 20, 
because they are alts or twinks or whatever; just more driven than you 
to level up.

The one shining hope of Combine versus other servers for someone in your 
situation is that currently the level cap is 60, and should stay that 
way for quite a while.  60 and no AA; people's only means of progression 
at that point will be gear and a few keys.  There's a chance for you to 
catch up.

Its funny, though, to think that a level 59 bard on FV might be further 
behind the curve than a level 1 bard on Combine.

> Thanks for reading this all the way through. No, you'll never get that x-
> minutes of your life back, but I'd be quite interested in hearing your 
> own thoughts on the matter - if you can make any sense of my ramblings, 
> that is. ;)
> 
I'd offer to reroll myself, or at least create an alt, on Combine, and 
level up with you, but I'm in an "eyes on the prize" situation.  I left 
a guild where I was somewhere in the mid range, and joined one where I'm 
in the high range.  Instead of being the tenth best geared/highest level 
tank, I'm now in one where I'm top level, which means I'm actually 
getting the nod to MT on raids, even over the highest level warrior (who 
is, after all, three levels lower than me).  This is, for me, a rare 
opportunity, I know it won't last, as I'm going to hit the level 60 wall 
and the warriors in the guild will catch me; all things being equal, 
they are going to get the nod over an SK, particularly a gnome SK.  But 
there's a chance, I feel, that if I can impress them now by making a 
good showing when I do get the nod, that I'll at least be in the running 
in the future, on targets which don't require Defensive or other Warrior 
only tactics.

This means I need to keep my nose to the grindstone and continue to 
outlevel those warriors, and need to attend any raid or raidlike target 
I can, to try and take advantage of my current "big fish in small pond" 
status.

Same applies to returning to my 66 mage on FV; I can do that any time, 
but I can only be best choice for raid MT this once.

You might find yourself in the same situation on FV; if you can find a 
guild of people who play at around your level in around your time slot, 
you could end up being their premier bard, rather than the second cousin 
who's being allowed to sit at the grown up's table the way you were in 
your old guild.

My thinking is, if you like playing a bard, stick with the one you've 
got.  If you want to start over on Combine (and Tunare knows I've 
started over many many times) then I'd do so on a new class; the journey 
from level 1 to 60 is, to me, a lot more interesting when it involves 
learning a new class than when its just trying to get to the place I've 
already been, again.

Lance
Berg, 57 SK, Combine
Splendid One, 66 Mage, Firiona Vie


