From -4747457835121787152
X-Google-Thread: fb739,617dabd68ba86dee
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 24 Nov 2006 07:51:41 -0600
Date: Fri, 24 Nov 2006 08:51:37 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: undercons
References: <ek5c8a$8jf$1@panix3.panix.com>
In-Reply-To: <ek5c8a$8jf$1@panix3.panix.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <MoKdnXOa5MNwZfvYnZ2dnUVZ_sednZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 90
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.45.177
X-Trace: sv3-CzyTkhHAGU/ZwUXyeBDvaVJ5Q/at0vHkv0xRbxi1KdP/DQCWacMViDh0N2nWtrrt5zZf/NVoOQpU5rF!nJ/MKgbEKsLriB7fvCuQ8uaj13GUYC3pVjpqeNbpWIvtrseffkHe9dMCJvzh2qkLTD6Aet0jsJ+A!fWDGO6ORfBg=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:4612



the wharf rat wrote:
> 	What's the point of undercons?  If a mob has twice as many
> hitpoints as the other mobs of it's level and hits 3 times as hard
> why is it not a higher level mob?  I'm especially thinking of some
> of the semi-named mobs in the new zones (mobs that have "special"
> names like "cunning puma" but which don't have drops).  
> 
> 
This is an interesting question, and I'm not sure what the point of 
doing this sort of thing is, in terms of intent of SOE, but I can talk 
about ramifications as a player.

First, the con system doesn't really tell you what threat a mob 
represents.  It never has.  At best, it gives you a clue.

Most of the time, its only accurate within 5 levels; grey mobs, even 
worse, that could be a 60 level range (1-59, if you're level 75).  Red 
mobs, similarly, could be a 70 level range (5-75, if you're level 1). 
Green, Light Blue, and Dark Blue mobs each have a 5 level range, yellow 
mobs a 3 level range; only even con mobs can be pinned down to a single 
level by an individual.

Mobs have many other features besides their level, though, and the con 
system deals solely with level.

Armor; how hard are the mobs to hit, and to do damage to.  This matters 
a lot for melee damage, but little for spell based damage.

Spell resistance.  Melee (including pet users) don't care too much about 
this one, but casters planning on doing anything to the mob definately do.

Specific spell type resistances; a wizard might not care if the mob is 
fire and magic resistant, but a mage sure will

Hit Points; how much raw damage can the mob take before it keels over? 
For melee this isn't necessarily critical, but for casters who have a 
limited mana pool with which to do damage, it can be key.

Can the mob be feared, snared, slowed?  Each crucial to some strategies, 
and yet meaningless to others.

Caster mobs are very different for root parking strategies than pure 
melee ones; on the other hand if you have interrupt capabilities they 
can be the easiest of all mobs to kill.

How social is the mob?  Mobs which ignore damage being done to other 
mobs in the area are easier to isolate and concentrate force on

In short, there can be a wide difference in difficultly of two different 
mobs that con the same, and yet that could mean that for some classes or 
strategies, one is easier, and for other classes and strategies, the 
other is easier.  Which one is underconned?

One feature of level is how it affects the ability to land spells and 
melee damage, and how easy it is to resist spells or shrug off hits by 
the mob.  Take two mobs, identical in all respects listed above (hp, 
resistances, immunity, armor, etc) , but have one be 5 levels lower than 
the other (a true undercon); the lower level mob is easier to kill 
simply due to the fact that it is lower level.

Take two identicle level mobs, and make one tougher by doubling its HP 
and perhaps other aspects.  What do you have there?  You have "terrain"; 
some trails are nice straight drives, some are curvy and involve steep 
grades.  If all mobs at a given level were equally difficult, then it 
would be like hiking in a shopping mall.  By varying the difficulty of 
mobs, though, the designers can sculpt interesting environments to play in.

Consider what happens when you first enter a new area; you don't know 
the mobs, you don't know their resistances, HP, so on and so forth.  But 
you learn.  Those guys over there (the undercons) aren't worth the 
effort; but you expend effort learning that in the first place, and then 
more effort in avoiding them.

Learning about mob types, too, is interesting; specters tend to move as 
if they were snared, for example, so clerics can fear kite them despite 
lacking any means of snaring.  If all mobs were the same, with just 
different graphics, there wouldn't be anything like this to learn.

Some mobs are dramatically underconned to prevent people from "farming" 
them for experience; why kill something that takes 5 minutes to kill 
when you can kill 5 something else the same level in that same time? 
This goes back to the Terrain thing as well; by putting some "mountains" 
in the way of the "hidden valley" you reward the classes who can sneak 
or invis or so on.






