From -245117144747890149
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,87b58ee79d2f8264
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-12-17 12:08:50 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!ra.nrl.navy.mil!dca6-feed2.news.algx.net!dfw3-feed1.news.algx.net!allegiance!newsfeed.news2me.com!newsfeed-west.nntpserver.com!hub1.meganetnews.com!nntpserver.com!telocity-west!DIRECTV!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: What about Howling Stones?
Date: Tue, 17 Dec 2002 15:08:26 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3DFF843A.3F951AD@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.51 [en] (Win98; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <92E77A1DApleasereplyinhere@129.15.2.142>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 89
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:253289

Zymyool wrote:
> 
> I mean, what about it?  Is it a good place to hunt post 50 ( EXP, loot,
> fun, etc.. )?  

One of the better zones in the game, and much underutilized. Generally
empty when we go there except the odd high level chanter charm grinding
AA once in a while. Loot can be good, and still somewhat profitable
selling in the bazaar, or an upgrade if you have non-ubah guild gear.

> I'll be hitting 50 as soon as I decide to spend a few hours
> doing it and would like to see some new places.  I got my Seb, HS, and 6th
> floor ToFS key this weekend and put the Seb and ToFS key on the ring, but
> was a little hesitant to put the KS key on there.

50 is a tad low for an average level for your group in there, but
possible. If you're talking about soloing, well... it's going to be a
fast starting and fairly nasty CR.
 
> First thing I did was go to EQAtlas to pull up the map and I see that it's
> a 50+ zone.  Below that I read that there are some undeads waiting to eat
> me when I zone in.  I didn't want to test whether IVU would work on them,
> so I didn't try to get the key on the ring since I didn't have a support
> team going with me, then.

There are two wandering spawns (though on rare occasion I've seen three,
but I think that was pit aggro bringing them up) who patrol around the
platform where you enter. The center of the platform where you zone in
*is* in their aggro range. Problem is, they aren't always undead. That
spawn table can pop a couple things. Undead is a good bet, but not
guaranteed, and you *will* have two mobs on you shortly after you finish
zoning if you're not fast. (Assuming the entry isn't camped and they are
dead, of course.)
 
> Do people on your server EXP there?  

The smart ones do. :-)

> What level is a good one to start
> going in there?  

Depends how many people you have going with you, and the class
breakdown. If it's a full standard "Holy Trinity" group with good crowd
control, I bet you could do it in early fifties if you know your shit.
We have done entry as a dynamic duo with my wizard and my wife's necro
around 56/57 but it was a constant struggle with many Near Death
Experiences and a few evacs. You can probably judge it from there.

> The people in my guild are always looking for new places
> to go and this may be a possibility if I can get a couple of them out of
> Seb for a few nights.

Go for it! The only thing you have to lose is  corpse. =).
 
> Will we get eaten on the zone-in?  If we don't have a porter, will the non-
> gaters have a hard time getting to the zone-out?

Ummm... stop right there. If you don't have a porter, then the
non-gaters are F*U*C*K*E*D.  Zone-out? Read up on the zone and you'll
see why this is a joke. There are four wings to Howling Stones, each one
branching off from the central entry pad. If you don't have a rogue, you
have to fight your way through each of the four wings to win a key to
open the door to the next wing. Each wing has some relatively nasty boss
mob types at the end in very crowded rooms of tough mobs. The very last
and toughest wing has Venril Sathir's main squeeze waiting for you at
the end (if she's up) and you've got to go through her to get out of the
zone by walking. I don't even personally know anyone who's ever done it.

Bring a porter, or don't bring any non-gaters.

Will you get eaten on zone-in? Not if you're on your toes. There's onl
two mobs to deal with, really, and they aren't all that tough. You can
also get, at the most, double pulls for the rest of the zone in area
(pyre golems) and they aren't that bad either.
 
> We went into Kedge this weekend and really liked the fact that it was a
> nice, empty zone.  I never hear anyone talking about HS, so this may be
> another we will enjoy.

Assuming it's anything like our server, if you like empty zones, you'll
love HS.  Even if the entry is camped, the camper will usually let you
loot a North Wing key when the key mob pops just to get you out of
there, and you can move on to other areas that you'll have all to
yourself.
-- 
jaZZ md

"Because sometimes, you just really shouldn't go out without a baseball
bat."


