From 7966545036418799616
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bcb27ff5c4fe4847
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-01-26 15:52:23 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!crtntx1-snh1.gtei.net!washdc3-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!ngpeer.news.aol.com!audrey-m1.news.aol.com!not-for-mail
Lines: 82
X-Admin: news@aol.com
From: jennaii@aol.comnojunk (Jennaii)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Date: 26 Jan 2004 23:51:56 GMT
References: <101aq4622crq3a5@corp.supernews.com>
Organization: AOL http://www.aol.com
Subject: Re: Cleric Playing tips
Message-ID: <20040126185156.23011.00000921@mb-m04.aol.com>
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:16822

>Hiya all,
>
>  Being a new cleric I was wondering what advice you would give to me to
>help make me one of the "better" clerics out there?
>
>-Chris

I *google copied* this advise from Splendid One's response to *my* cleric
question regarding healing at level 53.  (It may be high for you now though...I
hope Splendid One doesn't mind the quote!!!!!) :

At your level, I had four heals memmed: Cheal, Remedy, Divine Light, and 
Celestial Healing.

Cheal I used on the MT, tried never to use anything else on him, and 
hoped never to have to cast any of the other spells at all.  All damage 
should go to main tank and I shouldn't waste time and mana casting the 
small heals on him.

BUT situationally, his damage rate would be too high, or he could use 
topped off before  a pull.. so I'd drop Celestial on him.  This works 
kind of like a slow, and has the advantage of not all being wasted when 
a Cheal lands; the remaining tics of celestial continue to drop down 
assuming he's still taking damage.

I'd try to use nothing but celestial on other injured people.  When 
someone gains aggro and manages to lose it, there's generally no rush 
about healing them up, and celestial is the most mana efficient spell to 
patch them up unless their injuries are so large as to warrant a CHeal, 
and most people that injured who aren't MT really need a rez, not a 
heal.  Even as a patch heal, celestial would often be the heal of choice 
as its cast time isn't bad and once it lands its the equivalent of 
spamming a GHeal on them every tic; depending on what's killing them 
this usually was plenty to keep them alive, and once aggro was lost 
would finish out by repairing the damage taken before it landed.

In emergencies, Remedy was my heal of choice.  Its not as large a heal 
as some, of course, but its blindingly fast; with BOF and a spell haste 
III item (or mage summoned one) even more so (3 second cast time is 
-just- at the limit for those two effects).  Casting something slower on 
fragile robes often means wasting mana as the spell fails to land on 
their dead bodies.  This is also a good spell for the "backup healer", 
who might have to land something in order to help a tank live long 
enough for a slightly late Cheal; by the time you realize the CHeal is 
going to be late there's often no time for anything else.  Surprise 
benefit of this line (and one I didn't realize until quite late) is its 
range: substantially longer than other heals; I often used this to heal 
FD'd monks who were badly injured and lying doggo out in the pulling area.

Divine Light, though, I cast least of all.  Slow casting, so not really 
good in emergencies, mana inefficient compared to CHeal or Celestial, 
which are the heals of choice if its not an emergency, I kept it memmed 
for those situations where unexpected damage was coming in on someone in 
big unhealthy chunks, and a Cheal would be too slow, a Celestial too 
slow in its effects, a remedy far too small to be worth casting; big 
chunky inefficient healing spammed out hoping things would be brought 
under control.  Last Ditch Effort, usually followed shortly by a death.

I do recall working out the details for a Divine Light chain heal, as 
opposed to the usual CHeal chain; the idea was that Cheal chains are 
inherantly chunky; landing a very large heal at substantial intervals 
(the more clerics in the chain the smaller the interval).  We were 
facing a mob which had spiky damage output, and kept losing MT's because 
he'd get lucky on the RNG and put two spikes in between Cheals; by using 
a DL chain we could more than double the rate at which heals landed.  In 
the end it proved impractical for most applications, but even long after 
this, we often put people on spamming patch heals to supplement a chain 
for the same sort of reason, and using the same sort of moderately fast 
casting, large heal spells.

Superior heal was replaced Divine Light unless I'm remembering 
incorrectly; even keeping 4 heals up at all times was cumbersome, I 
can't think of a reason to hang on to SHeal (which was already in the 
"least used" category) at this point.

Splendid One, 56 Gnomage, Firiona Vie
Bergh Brelltender, 65 cleric, Morel Thule



"This time: gonna do it RIGHT!" -- Bob Seger
Jennaii


