From 2371101667962058513
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c94f2bf04e282211,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 14 Dec 2006 08:32:34 -0600
Date: Thu, 14 Dec 2006 09:32:32 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Berzerk
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <KbGdnaIMWo0f_RzYnZ2dnUVZ_silnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 96
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.58.139
X-Trace: sv3-S4h2EWwbzXSLECTer/hew611sJxOzC1MMYycWoqEX5vIvfRcgK6wEH3EePow6CrWnjthL7dK+BY/d1f!ZGVpwI9AS3wxUEbsRJxYHsJDEczp7OVdWgRrjKF9lmqzgKuxugPNmlOsTpk76A6qfD6pF5EZYhiI!8lDfq0X3No4=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:4783

Sometime in the next few weeks, the GoD expansion will open up on the 
Combine server.

When it does, Berserker class will finally go live.

If it had been possible, I'd have picked a berserker as my class when 
combine opened.  I enjoyed the class, playing it back shortly after GOD 
release, but at the time it was somewhat broken, particularly in the 
high end, and not very useful.  I moved on for one reason or another.

Here we are though, with many berserker fixes in, and its apparantly a 
desirable class now for raids.  A problem I'm having with my SK is that 
Tank classes don't stack too well; my principle abilities revolve around 
getting aggro, holding aggro, and surviving aggro.  If I'm MT, thats all 
well and good.  If I'm ST, well, probably even better, since I can grab 
aggro pretty fast when the MT goes down.  If I'm Offtank, well, thats 
something I can do well.  But in the end, you only need so many Tank and 
Offtank people for most fights.

So I end up, often, as DPS... a job at which I'm really not very good.

On the other hand, a Berserker IS good at DPS, and a second, third, 
fifth, tenth DPS person is still just as big a boost for a raid as the 
first one.  The faster the mobs die, the less you have to heal the MT, 
after all.

So, I'm thinking of going berserker.  Several friends are also thinking 
the same thing, and we're considering getting together and leveling up 
fast as a group.

Question is, how to go about it?

What gear is worth putting together, whats cheap or simple to acquire?

Weaponry, at the low end I'll want the fastest 2hb, 2hs, 2hp weapons I 
can find, for two reasons:  One, damage cap means all weapons start out 
as, at best, 10/something, so the only way to raise the ratio is to 
lower the delay.  Two, skill ups come from a per swing basis, so the 
lower the delay, the faster the skill ups.

Stats.  On first glance, HP is the stat I'd want to push, you can get 
remarkable HP benefits from relatively cheap gear if HP is all you care 
about.  But I'm not sure this is really all that important, in a PLing 
situation, I'll expect to have Temp on, after all, and thats generally 
more than enough HP for any situation at low levels.

I'm leaning, instead, towards Dex.  Why? Same reason as my weapon choice 
above; skill ups.  I want to cap out my skills, and yet plan to fly thru 
the levels.  So raising the chance of skill up per swing, or per time I 
get hit, is the key, which means raising Dex (or int or wis, but those 
are useless stats for most purposes, for a Zerker)

How about Agility; do any of the defensive skills go up based on agi?

STA means HP, and I've already derided that plan

STR is a key stat for a zerker, but not yet.  Why?  Because my damage 
output won't be an issue, really, while PLing; most of the damage will 
come from DS, and all we need to do is land 1 point per mob at least.

So what else to look for?  Regen!  Yeah, now there's a key element of my 
plan; regenerate the damage while being beat on.  I'd get a fungi tunic 
if I could, but I doubt thats in the cards, I haven't seen one offered 
on Combine at all, dunno if they even exist.  I do have an Iksar chest 
piece though, that supplies 5 hp per tic, I wonder what else I can dig 
up cheaply or farm that will add to that.

AC, too, would be a plus, I want to get hit, but I want to take as 
little damage per blow as I can, so that the regen will make up for losses.

Race is a question.  Dwarf, Ogre, Troll, Barbarian, Vah Shir... I think 
those are the only Berserker races.  Ogres have the long term advantage 
in not being stunned from the front, Trolls have the short term 
advantage of HP regen, which would really help my "regen the damage and 
keep going" plan.  Barbarians are bleh, Vah Shir have a certain charm 
but I'm playing a Vah Shir shaman alt already.  Dwarves, though, well 
you don't see many dwarf berserkers, and that might make it worth going 
that direction; I get a lot of fun out of being a gnome SK.

So whats my operating plan?  DS and regen.  With a druid PLer, casting 
the best DS that will stick to me, plus a ranger COE, plus the biggest 
DS potion I can imbibe, get hit a lot while doing at least one point to 
every mob that I can find, and get as much regen going to counteract the 
incoming damage, as well as occaisional druid heals to supplement.

I'll go somewhere like Kurns, where the mobs don't run away when near 
death, and pull with an axe throw so as to do that single point, and 
keep pulling in as many mobs as I can find continuously.

While I'll have access to Snare, snaring mobs is a pain when there are 
half a dozen on you at any one time, and the DS damage goes away when 
they stop beating on you anyway.

SO, flaws in my logic?

Route to level up, in terms of zones and mobs which don't run?


