From -2748891356229192163
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ab0680a032b8b131
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-01-16 11:04:06 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!newsfeed.wirehub.nl!news.maxwell.syr.edu!cpk-news-hub1.bbnplanet.com!news.gtei.net!feed2.news.rcn.net!feed1.news.rcn.net!rcn!not-for-mail
From: Lokari <lokari@mediaone.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Maybe quitting, some parting thoughts..
Date: Tue, 16 Jan 2001 13:03:39 -0500
Lines: 163
Message-ID: <si196t8s7qu0t6igivspb5h1oo9eci49bd@4ax.com>
References: <cVP86.219755$hD4.55512321@news1.rdc1.mi.home.com>
Reply-To: lokari@mediaone.net
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Trace: UmFuZG9tSVZovgbWw04kjNqrH7Oc/nYisWUuNYyIxDhChMqk75Sp0yM3RqOW0taR
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rcn.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 16 Jan 2001 19:02:56 GMT
X-Newsreader:  Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:40810

"Bob Gamer" <sweetgrass00@nospam.home.com> wrote:

>Personally, I can't wait to get out of EQ.

So, don't wait. Nothing forces you to continue to play once you've
decided to quit.

>1) Time Sinks - everything in the game is designed to suck your time.
>Verant, instead of making a rich and big game, decided to make it a time
>consumptive game, the cheap way out. We're talking massive time sinks here,
>from movement to finding a group, to death.

The complaint about movement seems silly to me. The world is big, and
it should feel big. If you could traverse the whole thing in minutes
as opposed to hours, it would lose the impression of size.

Decent planning can alleviate much of the travel time, as can of
course spending money on SoW potions, or making friends with a TP
class.

As for time involved in finding a group, I've yet to have any serious
problems in this regard - I always find a group within 15 minutes.
Again, having some in-game friends or being part of a guild will help
a lot here.

And finally, yes, death is a large time-sink. That's part of the
penalty for dying. If death had no penalty, it would take the sense of
danger out of the game.

>2) Loot War - EQ is solely loot based. Basically, every character in EQ is a
>cookie cutter image of the other. The only real difference is Gear.
>Especially since its been widley publicised that stats mean very little in
>EQ. So this leads to fights over loot, overcamping, greed, and arguments.

"Solely loot based?" What other rewards would you consider valid? Your
effort in the game results in experience, increased skills, and loot.
I'm unable to see how this is a negative aspect. As for it causing
fights and what-not, that's not a fault of the game but rather of the
players. 

>3) Lack of Numbers - Everything in EQ is a mystery. They have a cheap system
>for stats and experiance, so they hide it, and don't show you numbers.
>RPG'ers want FACTS, and want to see their progress. Some fuzzy orange bar
>that doesn't even work right won't cut it.

Blanket statement, and obviously false. Many RPG'ers want facts, but
hardly all of them. The ones that are only concerned with leveling
certainly would, but I submit that they're missing the point of the
game - it isn't a race to 60.

>4) Soloabilty/Casual Gamers - Virtually NO support for the part-time gamer.
>Anyone that plays a few hours a week will never see any level over 20. The
>game just doesn't support anyone but the powergamer.

Again, obviously false statements. Plenty of casual gamers have high
level characters.

Casual gamers (such as myself) are perfectly able to enjoy the game.
No, they won't advance as fast as hard-core gamers, but so what?
Again, it's not a competition or a race.

>Soloability is severely limited, they've gone out of their way to remove it

This is a never-ending source of amazement for me, that people are
apparently unable to grasp the concept of "multi-player" game. Yes,
absolutely, it's nice on occasion to be able to solo, but you're not
complaining about a *flaw* in Everquest, you want it to be something
that it isn't, and which it was never advertised to be.

>ONE death, can set a casual gamer back 2-3 weeks!

If by casual gamer you mean someone who plays a few hours a week, then
in fact the casual gamer is only being set back by death a few hours.
Hmm, just the same as a power gamer.

I know, it sounds so much more awful if you measure it in weeks, but
that's an invalid comparison - you have to measure it in played time.

>5) Poor Customer Support - Verant and it's customer base don't get along,
>its painfully obvious to even the casual outside viewer. Verant has fostered
>poor customer support, and a "Shady" image over a period of time, and hidden
>nerfs, sneaky changes, and bad patches don't help their cause in the
>slightest. Cases of GM abuse abound and a overly strict EULA don't help
>gamers confidence.

My confidence in them is rather high. Every time I've spoken with a
GM/Guide, the response has been polite and professional. Basing these
claims of yours on what you read in message bases is clearly flawed,
as people post to complain a great deal more than to praise. 

One of the goofs that occasionally spouts in this newsgroup keeps
telling people to look up the BBB record for Verant - I would strongly
encourage you to do this. You'll find that their record is remarkably
good, even excellent.

>6) Painful Death - Verant has a punishing system for death. Not only do you
>lose ALL your gear upon death, but you can lose up to a week's worth of
>experiance. (depending on level). With a little thought, a death system that
>was both fair, and still somewhat troublesome could have been thought up.

You do NOT lose your gear upon death. It is there on your corpse
waiting for you when you get back. Need gear to get back safely? Bind
near a bank and keep a spare set. Simple.

The experience loss, again, fosters a sense of danger. Would you have
a system with *no* penalty for death? What system would you set up?
It's easy to complain that you don't like something, but if you can't
offer alternatives then you're just wasting time.

>7) Cheap /Consider System - The /con system, that is supposed to tell you if
>you can kill something just doesn't work much over level 20. More often than
>not, you will find a green(easy) monster killing you in seconds. It just
>doesn't work well, and should have never been done this way.

No, the con system just gives you a ballpark idea. It's never been
intended to be absolute or precise, and anyone who thinks they should
be able to rely on it is a fool who will quickly have that notion
corrected. Most players are bright enough to learn for themselves what
they can and cannot handle.

>8) Nerfs and more Nerfs - Verant just can't make up their minds. Class
>tweaking has become a weekly thing in EQ. Many beta testers will think back,
>and the game actually felt "Correct" back then. Right now, everything feels
>"Out of whack". Hard to explain, but it doesn't feel right anymore. Lets not
>even mention "Item Nerfs", thats a whole nother can of worms.

Ah, once again we see whining about nerfs, in complete disregard for
the fact that game balance is paramount. Monty Haul doesn't live here.

>9) Small, Mudane World - Anyone over level 50 can attest to the lack of high
>quality hunting areas. Most areas are just too crowded, or too poorly
>designed to merit the risk involved in hunting them. So people tend to
>congregate in the same areas, which leads to massive overcrowding.

If the world is so small, why do you complain above about the time
sink that long travel represents? Either the world is big, or it
isn't. Make up your mind.

As for crowding, yes if you go only to places that have a lot of
people, you'll see crowds. If you get off your duff and look around,
though, there are countless places with decent experience where you
can hunt in a virtual vacuum. All it takes is to not be complacent.

>10) Camping - One of the biggest problems in EQ. Goto lower GUK, and every
>few minutes you see "xxxx shouts, whats camped?". The game is so litterally
>item focused, that people really do nothing but camp for more items. With no
>anti-camp systems in place (such as randomized loot tables), Verant has a
>system that shows little forethought.

Again, camping is a player problem. I've never found it necessary to
camp a spawn, or to haggle with other players over what is or isn't
camped.

Verant has also stated that they're going to be randomizing the loot
more - which no doubt will result in die-hard campers complaining that
they don't know what's going to drop any given item any more.

--
Lokari's Law:
"Any person, government, religion or other organization that cannot
tolerate being made fun of is worthy only of being made fun of."

www.enteract.com/~lokari


