From 1555315430923703084
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9322a0f724df585c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-01!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Annie Benson-Lennaman <teapray@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Ping: AGE -- FAQ Update
Date: Sun, 19 Sep 2004 18:58:37 -0500
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <414E1D2D.3EEED67B@realpeopleonly.yahoo.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.61 [en] (WinNT; I)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 171
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:17371


  Yep, finally making the promised updates to the FAQ, and thought I'd
better run them past the people who still are actually playing the game. 
For simplicity's sake I am just going to be including the actual text that
I am adding/changing, and let you take a looksee and have a chance to tell
me how badly I whiffed it before I repost the updated FAQ and update the
Web site FAQ.

   In particular I am interested in knowing if I got Q: 2.11 right.

So here it goes:

  In adding the OOW question, I have to move around some of the other
numbers in section 2.  Will luck I won't blow that.

1.2    I see something in the FAQ that I think is wrong.  What should I do?

A:  The current keeper of the FAQ is Annie Benson-Lennaman.  That is to
say, me.  While I do not play Everquest anymore (Seems the Keep of the FAQ
position carries this curse on it... but I digress) I do still have
interest in the game for various reason.  If you see something wrong in the
FAQ, the best ways to let me know about it are to either reply to the
thread that FAQ was posted to, or to email me (my email is munged in the
newsgroup for obvious reasons, but you can probably figure it out).  Note
that I make the final call at to whether or not a change should be made,
and how it may be worded.  There is a good chance that if you suggest a
correction or addition, and I agree that it is needed and it is fairly
lucid, I will cut and paste it right into the FAQ.

2.3    Q: What are these expansions I keep hearing about?

A: There have been eight expansion packs to EverQuest so far: Ruins of
Kunark, Scars of Velious, Shadows of Luclin, Planes of Power, Legacy of
Ykesha, Lost Dungeons of Norrath, Gates of Discord, and Omens of War.

2.11 Q:  What is Omens of War?

A: Commonly called OoW, this expansion expands the tribute system from
Gates of Discord to be guild usable, changes the level cap to 70,
introduces a "task" system which is a series of specialized quests geared
towards characters of most levels with varying degrees of success,
introduces upgrades to Epic weapons, voice macros,, adds more AA's
including one that will provide an extra spell slot and one's that will
allow for increased buff slots, new player titles, and new zones geared for
the 50+ crowd.


Under tips in Section 8.3

    How to drag a corpse or two: 

To begin dragging a corpse, you target the corpse and type /corpsedrag.  
To
stop dragging a corpse, you target the corpse again and type /corpsedrop.
You are allowed to drag up to two corpses at a time using this method.

You do not have to keep hitting /corpse or any other hotkey, the corpse(s)
automatically follow at your feet, stopping wherever you stop.  Be careful
using this method, it is easy to accidentally loot the corpse at your feet
if it is your own.  If you only have one item on the corpse, it will poof
before you can get a rez.  On a related note, you can use the commands

/consent raid
/consent group

to consent anyone in your raid or group to drag your body should tragedy
strike.  [ed. note: Is there a /consent guild command?]


6.9     How do I find out how much people are in a channel and who?

A:      Type /list #,where # is the number of the channel. For example if
you are in age:age and this is the only channel you joined type /list 1.


3.24   What is autosplit/Why is it unfair?

   This question is the heart of much angst, and isn't as simple as it
might seem on the surface.  Here are the layers of the question.

A) Autosplit is something each person turns on or off, and which splits the
cash whenever a person with it turned on loots.

B) Autosplit is a horrific ripoff, designed to fool the uninitiated into
thinking that cash is being shared out in the group, when in fact the
person looting gets the lion's share of the cash.

B1) The innocent, such as yourself, will loot freely thinking they are
being fair.

B2) The innocent, such as yourself, will happily allow others to loot,
thinking that they are getting a fair share.

B3) The unscrupulous will arrange to do most of the looting while allowing
the uninitiated (such as yourself) to think they are getting a fair share.

Why is autosplit unfair?

Because it is implemented in a logical way in a roleplaying environment, 
which is to say it splits the COINS you get, instead of splitting the CASH
VALUE of those coins.  It doesn't make change.

Since it doesn't happen often that the number of coins is evenly  divisible
by the number of people in the group, there will naturally be 
leftover coins.  The game gives those extra coins to the looter.

That doesn't' sound too bad, but consider:

1 pp drops, the looter gets it regardless of how many people are in the
group.

2pp drop, if there are 2 people each get 1pp, but more than that, looter
gets 2pp rest get nothing.

3pp drop, if there are 3 people in group, each get 1pp, but if there are
two, looter gets 2pp and other gets 1pp, and if there are more than 3 in
group looter gets all 3pp.

4pp drop, if there are 4 people in the group each gets 1pp, and if there
are 2 people each get 2pp, but if there are 3, 2 get 1pp and looter gets 2,
and if there are more than 4 then looter gets all 4pp.

5pp drop, if there are 5 people in the group each gets 1pp but
2 people: looter 3pp other 2pp
3 people: looter 3pp others 1pp
4 people: looter 2pp others 1pp
6 people: looter gets all 5pp

6pp drop, if there are 6 people then all get 1pp and with 2 and 3 people 
you also get even splits (3pp, 2pp) but
4 people: looter gets 3pp, others get 1pp
5 people: looter gets 2pp, others get 1pp

The same thing is true of each coin type in a given loot.

In a full group its possible for every mob to drop 5pp 5gp 5sp 5cp, every
last bit of which will all go to the looter and the rest of the group get
not one thin copper.

Even when there are some coins given out to the rest of the group by this
method, the looter is more often than not getting twice or three times as
many coins as the rest.

Under 8.5 Terms


     Another is Flurry: 2 extra attacks on 1 target (whoever the mob is
currently beating on), in addition to the mob's normal melee. 

Making a change or two to the links section also.

So... feedback, if you please. 







-- 
Annie

AGE FAQ:
http://webpages.charter.net/lenny13/age.faq.htm
http://tinyurl.com/yvud6

Mirrored at:
http://www.derfy.net/agefaq.html
_______

If you can't figure out my email address, you're not supposed to write me.


