From -6051384409022947458
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,28da333c86f5ce75,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-01 02:04:14 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeeds.belnet.be!news.belnet.be!news-hub.siol.net!intgwlon.nntp.telstra.net!news.telstra.net!news-server.bigpond.net.au!not-for-mail
From: "Ridah" <makaveli@bigpond.net.au>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: The Future of EverQuest
Lines: 410
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <qKt68.28286$Ni2.156407@news-server.bigpond.net.au>
Date: Fri, 01 Feb 2002 10:04:06 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 144.132.175.159
X-Complaints-To: news@bigpond.net.au
X-Trace: news-server.bigpond.net.au 1012557846 144.132.175.159 (Fri, 01 Feb 2002 21:04:06 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 01 Feb 2002 21:04:06 EST
Organization: BigPond Internet Services (http://www.bigpond.net.au)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:162889

Got this from CastersRealm


The future of EverQuest panel was comprised of Gordon Wrinn the Producer of
the EverQuest Live Expansion Team he gave the following introduction:

We are currently working on fixing bugs in Luclin and the old world.  We are
also looking at a number of game balance issues which will be addressed in
the near future.  After an expansion like Luclin there's a lot of stuff we
want to go back and do now.  There's a huge huge lists of things we still
want to do.  One of the things is going through our internal bug database
and looking at fixing some of the bugs which may have been around for a long
time and never got addressed for one reason or  another.  As far as Luclin
is concerned we want to round out some of the content.

Scott Hudson, the technical director, is in charge of the programming side.
Lately they have been working on reducing zone time and desktop crashes.  He
said 'We know the engines not perfect and we aren't going to stop until it's
a lot better.  We are also fixing a lot of the old little bugs which have
been annoying in EQ like when you click an item with a casting time and it
doesn't display the casting time'.

Jason Polk from the localization team was also on the panel.  His team are
the people that are working on making the game work in better regions of the
world such as Asia and Europe.

Bill Coyle the assistant producer of Luclin (amongst other things) was also
in attendance.  He is currently one of the main people responsible for the
quests and general content in game.

Questions

How many computers are part of the whole world on one server?

Overall there is over 1200 computers for them all, so there is around 27 per
server plus the database servers, patch servers, login servers etc.

A lot of the Epic Quests have created a lot of spawn contention and some
people due to patch times etc have very difficult times even getting a
chance at the NPCs.  What can you do about this?

All the epic quests were designed by different people who have different
goals they want people to reach through the quest.  A lot of times we start
with a maximum rate at which we want the item to enter the world.  When we
do it that way we often end up with the harder quests which have an
intentional bottleneck to keep the influx of items at the target rate.  The
Mage Epic is certainly one which falls into this category, and to a lesser
extent now than before, the Cleric Epic as well.  Both are very powerful
weapons.

The specific issue of having to be on at a specific time to get kills is
something which we might look into, what we might do is add even more
randomization to the time when things spawn.  It's just a matter of when we
can fit it into the programming schedule.

The Velious quests for the different races, it seems that some really got
the short end of the stick, particularly the Dragon quests.

The original stance behind a lot of those quests was that by siding with one
race you get to kill two other races, and since Dragons drop the best loot
by killing them we wanted the other races to get the better loots by quests.
It didn't balance out nearly as well we had thought it would though.  We
could go back and redo them, but that would mean we don't put in any new
stuff while we do it, and we'd rather focus on doing newer quests.

With Sleepers Tomb, once its done there really is nothing to do in that zone
anymore with the rarity of the scales.  Is there any chance this could be
looked at?

When we made Velious we all kind of sat down and decided one thing we'd like
to have in EverQuest, even if it's the only one, is to have one event or
zone where the first people to do it would be the only people to do it.
It's a one time only thing in the game, and it's the only one in there right
now.

As for the future of the Sleeper coming back, then maybe something will
happen one day, but currently there is no quest in game to put the sleeper
back or anything.

One thing that EverQuest and other games in this genre are often criticized
about is that you can kill anything in the world and it always comes back.
With Sleepers what we wanted to do is give players a chance to permanently
impact on the world.  I don't think its discriminatory that some players
miss out on certain items because their guild couldn't kill the sleeper.
Not everyone in EverQuest can always do what other people can.   It is a big
world and not everyone can do and see and get everything.

One of the new things we are looking at doing is having quests in game which
are only active for a certain period of time.  So if you don't log in for a
certain 2 week period then you will miss out.  We won't always tell people
it is for a limited time either.   We are trying to make the quests and the
game more dynamic and less repetitious - you will see in the future EQ
having a lot more of these short duration, constantly new and updated
events.

But if the change to the world is going to be one that's going to matter
then it has to be a reasonable change - so we couldn't leave the warders up
if the sleeper died - it wouldn't really be much of a change.

When can we expect the Bazaar to be in?

The bazaar is on schedule.  There are a few things to finish off.  We could
have put it in at Luclins release, but that admin system was largely slash
command based and very very confusing.  So now we are working on an
interface for the bazaar like we did on Alternate Abilities, and when it's
finished we'll put it up.  It is something we are working on though at  the
moment.

Some zones get incredibly crowded, ToV for instance, is this something the
servers can handle because the lag gets horrendous?

From a design perspective with each expansion we do one or two uber zones.
When it first comes out there's no one there and a few months down the track
everyone is.  All we can do design wise is create more zones which are
similar in equipment to spread people out.

From a technical standpoint we recently moved ToV to share servers with East
Cabilis as opposed to with Sebilis and Charasis which is what it used to be.
One of the things we are working on right now is the way our world servers
are saved and created and this should hopefully reduce patch times really
significantly too.

When can we expect Droga/Nurga to be updated?

They are done.  But we are running those in internal testing.  We are really
sick of putting out broken or incomplete content due to pushing stuff out so
fast. So we are trying to minimize these problems and hence Droga/Nurga are
really getting a work over in testing.  They will be out soon though.

Why doesn't Call of the Hero work in some zones?

Quite often even though we put in a useful spell we have to disable it to
make people experience the content how we designed it.  The basic problem
with CotH is that you can get a mage and a corpse or two and boom move an
unlimited number of people through a zone by-passing content which we want
people to have to do.

In all honesty it was a bad spell that we probably shouldn't have put in.
Just because it trivializes so much content.  If you had seen some of the
areas where dungeons are totally based on a CoH train now, or where people
duel and drag corpses and CoH and that really isn't the way we'd like to see
it done.  The real good thing about the spell is obviously it can get
friends who show up late to the area so they can play.  So one thing I would
like to look into, and I am happy to hear suggestions, is to make it so that
you can do that good side without moving entire guilds.  One obvious
suggestion is adding a 15 minute recast to CoH.  But it's all speculatory on
any changes in that area at this time.

Given that the bazaar is in Luclin and some people don't have it, do you
think people will really leave traditional areas like Faydark or East
Commons to trade there?

Well it is an incentive to those people who like to trade items to buy
Luclin.  But we have historically had excellent sell through on expansions.
More people bought Kunark than there are currently playing the game, Luclin
has already sold through to about 70% of subscribers and is going up by
several 1000 a day.  We hope if we make the areas compelling enough everyone
buys it and it won't be so much of an issue.

Do you use EverQuest as a beta-test for Star Wars?

Well we absolutely use lessons we have learnt from EverQuest in the other
titles we are developing.  But no, we don't actively use EQ to 'test' things
for Star Wars or other games.

Will there be another expansion after Shadows of Luclin?

We'd love to do one, but we are focusing on fixing the existing problems in
the game right now.

When is Plane of Mischief going to get fixed.  Right now basically you can
spend 20 hours in ToV and get a lot of really high end armor.  If you spend
20 hours in PoM you can expect to get a couple of cards that don't really
help you at all.

When we populated PoM we did it all in a very very fast fashion.  We are
definitely going to go and put that zone back together.  It was the last on
the list when we did Velious and only just made it in as it was.  It's a
really nice zone visually though and we will shortly be going back and
populating it in a more thorough fashion.

Why did it get changed from its previous state which lowered the drop rate
so much on cards?

Basically Bristlebane's a bastard.  No, seriosuly,  we'll be looking at PoM
when we get back.

Regarding Archery, accuracy seems a bit off, it isn't really that good for
rangers without discipline - maybe make it automatically attack like melee?.

With all the line of sight problems with archery, spells, mobs in walls etc.
All of those are rooted from the same problem.  Archery is a secondary
skill, so in the code it needs an entire system rewritten to make it work
properly.  But the automatic attack thing is a good idea.  We'll talk about
that a bit when we get back.

Is there any way we can improve the login systems?

The whole login process is handled by a different area of our company, but
we are looking at things like automatic retry to prevent everyone sitting
there hitting enter over and over again.

Will hell levels ever be fixed?

There is very little we can do about it at this stage.  It's a math bug at
the core of the exp system. We don't like it either but, it is too much of a
core thing to change at this point. It would cause a lot of side affects to
peoples current exp.

Will we ever see the numbers shown for mana like for hitpoints?

There are people on both sides of the argument.  It's a mystery thing vs. a
usefulness thing.  We'll bring it back up again when we get back and see.

Some of the Alternate Advancement skills aren't that good for some classes.
Are these going to be reviewed?

Yes we're aware that they could do with a little refinement.  I can't give
you a time frame on exactly when that will happen as AA changes often need
programming time and that's still tied up heavily with a lot of other Luclin
stuff, but we will be looking over them.

What happened to the cursed items which were once talked about?

We are looking at doing more of these.  As an example we might be able to in
the future have an item with multiple procs.  So for example 1 out of 5
times it procs it might damage you instead of the monster.  Things with
curses will obviously have enough power to make you decide if you want to
risk it.

What happened to the multi-group raid channels and things once discussed?

We have a spec on this in the works.  It will allow stuff like shared
experience, officer channels, raid group channels and all that kind of
thing.  But it is something which has to be fit into our programming
schedule obviously and that's already very full.  So it's something we have
been discussing but no ETA at the moment.

With the shared experience though what we are working on at the moment is
making it so we can add experience modifiers to certain mobs.  Because right
now you can imagine 1 kill of a dragon across a group of 30 people wouldn't
give anything really.  So what we want to do is make it so certain monsters
give a decent experience reward and be able to make that reward bigger or
smaller as we see fit.  Once we have that done we can look into the next
step of spreading it across groups.

Will we ever see an increase/addition of more racial traits - for example
trolls might hit harder but have a slower base attack rate?

Well the traits that are in at the moment for races also carry an experience
penalty with them.  But we don't want race traits to supersede classes, or
people feeling at this stage of the game that their character isn't as good
because of race changes.  That would be something in a new game.

Is there any chance that rangers could have their archery skill raised to at
least equal that of warriors to help them out?

Well as we said before it's a secondary skill.  But you are right, and it
probably wouldn't hurt too much.  We'll discuss it to be sure but
tentatively yes we can do that.

What's been happening with Umbra?  Sometimes it seems its using more CPU
than it is saving.

Well what was happening before was we were sending out the whole image to
the Umbra client and it tries to split half the work between the GPU and
CPU.  Umbra works now.  It had problems when we first used it and we have
fixed that now.  There are still some old zones which are not compatible
with umbra though, and in the next build of the engine Umbra will be
automatically disabled.  But with the new dll on test there shouldn't be
anything more than 4 - 5% slowdown in any zone from using Umbra.

Can you explain how the % bonus items work?

Those items work like this.  They will raise you above the class caps, so if
your skill cap for your class is 100 then they can let you exceed that.
They will not however let you exceed the hard cap at 252.  So if you are
level 60 and have say 252 in meditate then a bonus item for meditation isn't
going to help you regen mana faster.  Not to say the item still won't be
useful  to you for its other stats.

Any chance we can get more spell slots?

There is two sides to that answer.  On the design side there is a lot of
strategy which goes to the 8 spells you have on hand, some classes have more
than others.  We've talked about it, and can discuss it some more.  But we
don't want to remove the strategy of it.  On the programming side of things
though its very hard to change in the current interface.  So it will be 8
for a while.

Is there any chance to increase the number of spells per page in the spell
book?

In the new interface we are building, along with it looking much much
better, is that there will be 8 spells per page.  Another thing we are
looking at doing though is memming a whole spell page at once.  But no
promises on if we can do that, but we'd like to do some cool new things like
that.

Will the changes put in for Ragefire be done to other quests like the
Shissar camp for Enchanters, or the Green Scale for the Warrior Epic?

The big reason for Ragefire to be changed was that it could get to the point
where a person loses their entire epic up to that point should another
cleric have a group kill the dragon on them after the first cleric hands in
their item.  It wasn't so much to make the quest easier, but more to ensure
people didn't have such horrible fights over the spawn which could end up
with a person with no epic and another with one and a half so to speak.

We are looking for ways to reduce the contention without reducing the
difficulty of the quests since that's the balancing factor.

Can you make spell scrolls stack?

Right now scrolls have a charge on them, and we can't stack items with
charges.  It's a core kind of problem and no real changes would be made to
this in the near future.

/book used to make you stop moving and open your book, but now it just says
you can't do that.  Can you fix this?

The problem with that is on horses its very hard to do that at the moment
since they don't instantly stop.  I'll have to see if there's anything we
can do, but I'm not sure.

Any chance of guild management tools?

We'd love to do some guild management through our website or otherwise, but
we'll see how we go in that area.

Will Luclin ports ever be workable, or maybe see the addition of Luclin
ports to Shar Vahl and other major cities in Luclin?

Well the Luclin ports work on Luclin and right now the spire system is the
main way we are going with.  We have people on both sides of the argument
and this may change over time to see people use the Bazaar more and stuff.
We'll see.  The idea to put ports to the other cities that are more story
and quest based isn't so bad either, we'll discuss that.

Do you guys have a thing against AMD?

No we have a lot of people on the dev team using AMD's and even though we
are working with Intel rest assured there will be nothing done to make AMD's
perform anything less than the best we can make them.

Can we get more chat filters added?

Yes.  We are going to go through this area and we definitely will be adding
more filters.

The epic weapons for people are no longer really up to par?  Will these ever
be updated?

The epics have been outclassed now.  We had to put in better weapons to keep
the higher end game compelling.  For the epic weapons we do have plans for
being able to use them in upgraded epic quests, but they are just
discussions at the moment.

Why are fishing poles the only item in the game that breaks?

Good question.  We'll look at it though.

Can we ever ride gnomes?

(Much Laughter) Actually more riding creatures probably won't happen - its
just too hard on zoning times and memory.

Will Veeshans peak see an upgrade anytime soon?

VP is long overdue for a revamp.  It is something we talked about last fan
faire, but that was in October and Luclin took up all the dev time we had.
We will be going back over VP at some point definitely.

Why are the new models so ugly?  Most of the females look like strippers!

We did make the models fairly....heroic.  We have an artistic director who
oversees this area.  Unfortunately some people will not like all the models
we have in game, and others will like them, a lot of it is perception.  In
traditional fantasy the men have bulging biceps and well the women are nice
too.  Our models are based in that genre though.

Will we ever see any more tradeskills?

Yes.  We do like tradeskills and will be working to see more added in the
future.

Is there any chance of changing the effect on the Bard BP which has Bard Run
Song?  It causes all sorts of problems.

Yes. That's definitely a bad thing.  We'll fix that when we get back, not
sure with what, but it will get changed.

Can Holyforge for Paladins be upgraded to crit more often?

When this was first put it in it basically ran off the same system as
Warrior crits.  The problem is when you use a disc you'd like to see
something, and you should.  We'll put it on the list and see what we can
come up with on it.

Will we see EQ coming out any time soon natively on Linux or Mac?

Not a chance.  It's still a DirectX game and all that stuff.  So no sorry.


--
Baron Ridah Bloodlust - Warlord - EverQuest - Xev
Bringer of pain, suffering and death





