From 2372644924072123438
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3b9b2255feea9bf0,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 30 Jul 2004 07:51:02 -0500
Date: Fri, 30 Jul 2004 08:50:59 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: HP regen and the middle aged Berzerk
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <eeSdnSxrmJaq2ZfcRVn-gg@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 99
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.105
X-Trace: sv3-ILlaCD94equaJVjQPjeunroJK3UTULMjWkP1dfFoTyclkPTbtr+1W8iK8xAnnVGwcRXUY/WywFJuD/q!rG6xnt5jy8toc2lnj0NEcdNk/gZ0W1oXBvHYW+N6Q85jMtImrRB/UUaPMYO1hs1C6MUDefxhpWy+
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.13
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11777

As I solo a lot and duo with an enchanter a lot, a bottleneck for me is 
my hp regen rate, so I've focussed on this to some extent in getting 
gear, and sometimes regret not picking a regen race despite the exp 
penalty for doing so.

Currently I'm using:

Ikky chest (5 regen)
Turtle belt (2 regen)
Grimling Contraption mask (1 regen)
Darkwater Pearl ring (1 regen)

for a total of 9 extra hp per tic, plus I usually have the effect from

Fungus Covered Great Staff: Fungal Regrowth (15 hp per tic)

running.  Adding in standing regen this seems to mean 29 hp per tic 
standing, at least thats what the usual jump in hp is if I just stand in 
place and look at my hp bar.

I've found this to make a good deal of difference during fights, 
although when I look at it I figure it should only work out to about 
5DPS reduction in what the mob is doing to me.  I tend to pick easy 
fights, though, and use chain stun to reduce mob DPS even more, and with 
an enchanter handy to slow reduce mob DPS still further; in the end, 
this seems to stack up to a 50%+ slow on top of whats already there, so 
that I take damage slowly if at all from those easy mobs, heck, on many 
cyan mobs I actually gain HP per tic most of the way thru the fight!

More useful is that I can finish a fight at 80% and be at 90% by the 
time I find my next mob to pull, in places like Dulak scouts where 
there's some running around involved; I actually tend to break even on 
scouts, slowly losing about what I make back pulling the next one, zero 
down time.

Less useful is when I'm sitting; the new implementation of sit regen 
means that not only is my boost a smaller one to sit regen when it 
starts, it tends to get less and less important as I continue to sit 
longer and the sit regen rate boosts up.  Still, it probably cuts my 
sitting time in half, which isn't bad (just a joke compared to cutting 
my standing time to a tenth).  Worst is I'm not yet in the habit of 
refreshing Fungal Regrowth before sitting down, so it often wears off 
midway thru my heal time, and I have to consider whether its better to 
stand and refresh or to stay down and take advantage of the mounting sit 
heal rate which gets better with every minute of continuous sitting.

Doing Velks last night I got another lesson in HP regen; I could take 
down a spider but would get down to 20% or so doing one.  Then a high 
level shaman hit me with a regen buff (which took out my fungal 
regrowth, but oh well), and I was finishing fights at 60% hp!  More 
shaman buffs and I was finishing them at 80%, and my down time was 
nonexistant as my hp would soar back up while finding the next spider to 
kill; sadly those buffs didn't last all that long and I was soon back to 
plodding along with only Focus to help me... finishing fights at 40% or so.

So, more hp regen seems like a way to go, question being what's out there?

LDoN has regen augments for sale in one of the camps, I recall from my 
mage days.  Dunno which camps or how many points, but this should be 
something to look for as it won't mean sacrificing gear quality to raise 
hp regen.

I could get a second darkwater pearl ring, I think (are they lore? do 
they stack?)

I could get a fungi tunic... or more likely wait till 51+ and get a 
fungi patch tunic, which looks like the same thing with a reccomended 
level 51+

Other hp regen items I saw for sale in bazaar seemed to fit the slots I 
already have items in, or weren't BAR BER usuable.

What about no drop hp regen items.  Anything out there relatively easy 
to collect which I could get to supplement my kit?  Even if its inferior 
enough that I would want to swap it out when in a group and not MT, it 
might be worth having for soloing.

I can get HP regen AA after level 50, and probably will, if only because 
I'm likely going to stop at 52 long enough to try and find vox/naggy 
raids just for the fun of it, nothing really drops off them I'm eager 
for, but they are just sheer pandemonium because of all the unskilled 
masses on their first raid without a bunch of 65's playing all the MT 
and CHeal chain roles.  I don't plan to spend forever looking, but long 
enough to get run 3 and regen 3 seems like a nice pause to give it a chance.

Is there a point where this becomes entirely pointless?  At the moment 
I'm at around 2k hp unbuffed and have been over the 4k hp mark with 
buffs on, 30 hp a tic is a pretty small chunk of that.  And exp mobs 
(even the barely dark blue ones) are hitting harder and harder, so a 
5DPS reduction on them will be more and more meaningless.  When grouped 
with a healer, my piddly regen rate is usually beside the point even 
now; if I get to where I have to have a healer to do anything, then the 
investment in an HP regen strategy is going to look like wasted energy.

Grage, 47 Berzerk, Luclin






