From -4788895542305249515
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2360d8f0bdaf57a3,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews2.google.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral: Chapter 46: The Vampire
Date: 25 Aug 2004 07:34:25 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 66
Message-ID: <cgi81h$877@odah37.prod.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: odah37.prod.google.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1093444465 19096 127.0.0.1 (25 Aug 2004 14:34:25 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 25 Aug 2004 14:34:25 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.1
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14596

Tales of Loral
Chapter 46: The Vampire

The night was black and the moon of Luclin did not rise. The guards of
Felwithe could not say why they held their blades a little tighter and
kept their eyes a little shaper. Something was out there, they could
almost smell it. As sharp as they were that night, however, neither
questioned the high elf noble who approached.

He was tall and dressed in fine black robes trimmed with gold runes.
>From the wizards guild, no doubt, the guards thought. He wore no hood
over his bald head and stood tall when he approached the guards. His
eyes gripped them at once. Yes, a noble advisor of the council no
doubt, the guards both thought.

Councilman Alines figured it was three in the morning when he heard the
knock on his door. He opened it and stared at the tall black-cloaked
figure that stood at his home.

"I must speak with you, councilman," said the pale high elf in a
soothing yet commanding voice. "Please let me in."

Alines stood for a moment, lost in the stranger's eyes and then spoke.

"Yes, yes. Please come in." The figure took two steps in and closed the
door behind him. "What do you have to tell me.."

A thin and wickedly sharp dagger flashed past the councilman's eyes. He
had just a moment to notice the fine engraving and deep set gems of the
bat-hilted dagger before a shower of blood sprayed from his neck.
Before he could bring a hand to his throat the mouth of the vampire was
on him. Impossibly strong arms pinned his own to his sides. He felt
needle-sharp teeth sink in and blackness overtook him.

Little was on the agenda for the morning's council meetings. Another
petition from the Church of Tunare had been filed against Tovarich's
venom, the city's only tavern. This petition had been filed every month
for thirty years. While the priests on the council would vote in favor
of the complaint and recommend a new ordinance against the tavern, the
paladins and merchants would vote it down. Business as usual within
Elven bureaucracy.

Then councilman Alines dropped his news like a ball of flaming pitch.
His speech was short, lacked all proper council etiquette and was
totally convincing. Vampires, werewolves, shadows, and the risen dead
were building up like a plague under the Faydark. They grew stronger
every night and would soon threaten Felwithe itself. The other
councilmen noticed how pale Alines looked when he had entered and now
they knew why. Vampires in Faydark! Alines held a dozen parchments,
descriptions of the undead hoards under the unholy grounds. Something
had to be done! But what?

"War" Alines spoke. He locked his eyes on each member of the council
and the king himself. "We must send in our armies at once and root out
this evil before it poisons the land and destroys our city." Murmurs
filled the hall and after a heavy gavel knocked six times, a vote was
called. It was unanimous. An army of paladins, clerics, and wizards
would enter the catacombs of Mistmoore. But to the gaseous form of the
vampire it was not an army at all. It was food.

Loral screamed and shot up from his bed. The vision of a vampire
standing on the towers of Felwithe, eyes scanning a conquered city and
elven blood dripping from the vampire's mouth, filled his mind. On a
chair opposite him, the circular shield blazed happily. Xuzl was
laughing.



