From 3766936999696955154
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8f2796a216b7feda,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-22 09:57:20 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!news-xfer.siscom.net!204.186.200.232.MISMATCH!ptdnetT!newsgateT.ptd.net!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3BACC18E.A183B83E@dejazzd.com>
From: Lance <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To: emporer@empyre.net
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.7 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: How to get people to spread out to more zones
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 82
Date: Sat, 22 Sep 2001 17:03:20 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 207.44.115.65
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1001178200 207.44.115.65 (Sat, 22 Sep 2001 13:03:20 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 22 Sep 2001 13:03:20 EDT
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:120130

EQ has a -lot- of zones out there.  But what we get are a few crowded
zones and a lot of empty ones.

TCC was, I think, an effort to create zones that people of appropriate
level would want to fight in, without instead drawing in a huge crowd of
farmers, who could be of any level.

OK, so we didn't like that.

What would you suggest instead?

Here's an idea thats more radical than TCC: Naggy code.  Anyone of too
high a level gets kicked out of the zone entirely.  But then, TCC was
basically a pared down version of Naggy code anyway.

How about making the less visited zones better?  Not massively better,
just somewhat better.

They've tried that to some extent, and it seems to have improved
matters.  Randomized the drops in Kael so you don't need a arena capable
full on raid to get good loot there.  Improved XP in less visited
dungeons like the Hole.

To me, this seems like the correct approach; go look at the logs of each
zone and identify the unpopular ones, and revamp em a bit to make them
better.

How about this; make sure -very- green mobs don't aggro anymore in most
zones.  I won't ever fight in UGuk, for example, because my one
character that did so found he was soon unable to walk around the area
without having to constantly battle dozens of greenies, for no exp and
no loot to speak of, not really a challenge but an attrition to mana
and/or HP.  Zones where there are tons of aggro greens just aren't all
that much fun.

What else keeps people out of zones?  What -are- the unvisited zones
anyway?

Oh, here's one thing; travel time.  Zones like Kurns are generally
empty, because its inconvenient to get to them.  What is the thinking in
dropping only one low level port
in to all of Kunark?  Kurns is actually a poor example because if you
know what you
are doing you can run in from EJ evac, bind in the Kaesora area, and be
quite nearby... but getting out again is still going to be a big hassel
unless you have a high level porter
at your beck and call.  Luclin may actually do a lot for travel
complaints, if you can
easily get -to- Luclin from wizzie spires and then back -from- Luclin to
other wizzie
spires... but its hard to believe they'd hit porters with that big a
nerf stick, so likely something is in the way of it being that simple.
I say -fix- those dead spires and druid rings that are spread around
Norrath, easily half the outdoor zones in the world have em if they were
only functional.

More No Drop loot seeded into those dungeons.  Farmers live on droppable
items, there's no need for a 57 necro to go in to a 30 dungeon to get a
30 appropriate item that would be worth 500pp... if that item is no
drop.  Get it yourself or do without.  Thing is, currently most no drop
items like this are class or race restricted in such a way that it might
be worth going after solo, but if you need a group for it, most people
in the group are there for no reason.  Look instead at say the KD quest
armor drops; each time something drops it might be for any given armor
type (plate/chain/leather/cloth) and at the same time if you -don't-
have someone from that type you might as well let it rot.  Not a good
place to go farm solo, since your odds of getting anything good are only
one in four, might as well take one guy from each type.  This encourages
groups instead of farmers, and puts four people in the zone instead of
just one.

What else do people find annoying about various unpopular zones?  I
can't even think what those zones are, offhand, but give me some
particulars and maybe we can (just for the fun of it) figure out why
they are unpopular and what might bring them up to speed.

The EXP bonus idea was a good one, since people farming greenies don't
get any benefit from this...should bring more level appropriate people
into a zone without bringing in a bunch of farmers.  Did it work?

Bergh



