From -8434849565118723169
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c3954f263c35b692,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-02-02 06:14:15 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Unrest Yard Trash
Date: Fri, 02 Feb 2001 09:10:53 -0500
Organization: Cheesy Goodness
Message-ID: <3A7ABFED.F9B257D1@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 40
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:46742

Hopefully this may be of use to any newbie/lowbies out their in the
early/mid teens levels.  I got a tip from a freind about going to Unrest
on Faydwer.  Reading about this place will show you that it's for
considerably higher level players, and rightly so. If I stepped foot in
that house, I'd be somebody's late night snack in short order. (Have you
noticed it's *always* late night in Unrest?<g>)
   But anyway, we have now found out that the courtyard surrounding the
mansion is just plain FULL of mobs which the higher level players in the
mansion consider "yard trash".  These are restless dead, death beetles,
jackolanterns, greater skellies, ghouls, and I even got one Large
Willowisp (who dropped a GLS. Sweet! Not sure if he's just a rarer spawn
for the yard or if somebody trained him out of the house. Only seen one
of them in two days.)  The mobs are so numerous that you can pull them
nearly non-stop, and for us (levels 15 and 14) just about everything in
the yard was blue. (A couple beetles are green, and some of the ghouls
are too high to tackle, but everything else gives xp and some
occasionally decent loot.)
   If you go there, be very wary crossing the cauldron. There's a camp
of gnasty aquagoblins, or somesuch there, which all conned RTM. Stick as
far up the right hand wall as you can and you should be ok.  And upon
entering Unrest, dont' hang out in the front courtyard where the
fountains are. Trust me on this one. The higher level players are
constantly training mobs in that direction toward the zone that you will
NOT want to deal with at mid-teens levels. Instead, go immediately
around following the wall and pick one of the side yards or the back
yard.  Camp a spot right near the wall near one of the angled "corners".
These seem to be relatively safe spots, and not many mobs path very
close to the wall.  Be *extremely* careful pulling the death beetles.
They are the most numerous mob in the yard, they have a wide aggro
range, and they train very easily. (Again... trust me... This is not
speculation. <g>)
  If you pull to the wall and con everything first, you can stay alive
out there and rack up some good xp, though the majority of the loot is
mediocre at best.
HTH.
--
Jakys the Mad Monk of Qeynos
Monk of 15 Seasons, Silent Fist




