From -1098995097544639370
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4f2f3d5a3a8522d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!sn-xit-03!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Demise as a business model?
Date: Wed, 16 Jun 2004 13:03:06 -0700
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <10d19om6ev1ptc6@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <abuse@fcc.gov>
References: <O4mdnaP0bffZWVTdRVn-sw@dejazzd.com> <87brjqt6ib.fsf@pluto.elizium.org> <y8ydnSfBS79Qf1TdRVn-hQ@dejazzd.com> <10ck1va7od9b07a@news.supernews.com> <8_2dnZSAIvE2k1fdRVn-vg@dejazzd.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 53
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:6529


"Lance Berg" <emporer@dejazzd.com> wrote in message
news:8_2dnZSAIvE2k1fdRVn-vg@dejazzd.com...

> If a game life cycle is "make x year one, 3x year two, 2x year three, x
> year 4", then does it make sense to introduce a new game which we can
> predict will make .75x year one, on the hopes that it will somehow make
> 3x year two, 4x year three, 5x year four?

Well it's all about ROI. If any product manager came to me with a plan that
showed that his product was going to "make x year one, 3x year two, 2x year
three and x year 4, there had better be an appropriate ROI justifying the
investment for that kind of rapid diminishing return. The predominant
business model today for games is based on the perpetual license model that
says "you give me x dollars for a box and that's all I ever get from you
until I build another box". Game software is a very high-cost, low-margin
business and almost impossible to support as an ongoing business using this
model unless you supplement it by hitting a home run with a killer franchise
and hit multiple platforms for the best possible return on your investment.
Even then, it's tough and it's no surprise that so many game companies are
struggling or failing outright. The kinds of outlays they are making up
front just don't support the return they're getting with this kind of model.

I think the smart guys realized this and went instead for a new business
model that says "I'll sell you a box and a license to use that box that
you'll pay for every month in order to continue using it". Now you're
talking about being able to grow a business with a more predictable revenue
stream, a longer lifecycle, and built-in ongoing funding for future growth.
The trick of course is convincing people that there's a decent value
proposition for their continuing payment. These kinds of games present an
entirely different business model that (I believe) is far more manageable as
a business than the hit-and-miss approach of hit games on a perpetual
license model. I think we're going to see an evolution in this direction for
many forms of entertainment, games is just one example. Music and movies
probably aren't far behind. People on the periphery bitch and moan about it
all the time (go to comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg, for example, and take a poll
on how many people play MMOGs and you'll see all the flames from those who
"refuse to keep paying for a game I already bought") and yet if you do an
artful job of putting together a compelling proposition, you will find those
who buy into it (witness most everyone in this newsgroup) and eventually the
artform evolves to support a better business model that allows creative
people to profit and keep delivering cool stuff that we want to buy. Works
for me, so long as the value proposition is sufficiently compelling. That's
the trick, right?

-- 

Winterfury Thunderwolf
Elder Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie





