From 4118493405788855822
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c07f3a1167b10d1c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-16 14:57:33 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "EQ Shaman" <xangor1@yahoo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: EQ the ea$y way!
Date: Sat, 16 Mar 2002 16:57:32 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <u97jescjnoes61@corp.supernews.com>
References: <10Pk8.15534$Ex5.1389704@bgtnsc04-news.ops.worldnet.att.net>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 98
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:176185

sounds like a scam

  a.. What Is NeverSleep?
  We can Log Your Character in, and effectively play your character during
those inconvenient hours that you are unable to. e.g. Sleep, Work, etc.


  b.. Is this Some Kind Of Scam?
  No. It is, in fact a legitimate site. We, in fact, insist to all of our
clients that you change your password to one which we randomly select, and
you know. (This is one of the reasons for the  sadly necessary phone call,
But don't worry. It's on us.) We won't change it, and we quite frankly don't
even want to deal with the headache of keeping track of them, or the job of
continually protecting them. After completion of our commission, You MUST
change your password back yourself! We're Sorry, but this is also necessary.
We do NOT want to know your password! We merely want to provide a valuable
service to those individuals serious enough to be interested in it.

wait a minute....they want me to change MY password to one that they
select???  What if they change it again and I can't get logged back on???

  a.. How Do I Request Time?
  Fill out the time request form for the day(s) that you wish to purchase,
You will then be contacted by one of our friendly representatives who will
answer any questions you may have, and explain about payment instructions,
account information, etc. Payment must be received before reserved date and
payment must be in US currency. Check, money order, and cashiers check will
be accepted.


  b.. Why Do You Ask For A Phone Number?
  Because. Knowing that most people who are out there playing EverQuest are
also using Outlook. Which let's face it, is a GIGANTIC security hole. So we
choose to conduct our business over the phone. This has the added benefit of
helping us separate the Actual Customers from the cranks, spammers and
whackos, as they tend to not leave a phone number. Just so you know, If you
ARE serious about hiring the services of NeverSleep, you MUST leave a phone
number. You will NOT be contacted, otherwise. We apologize in advance for
any discomfort this may cause you, And we totally guarantee that any and all
personal information in our possession at any time shall NEVER be revealed
to any third parties.
AND because then they have a phone number to try and use to make 3rd party
charged calls on...


  a.. Why Aren't Credit Cards Accepted?
  Simple, Really. While we can always be certain about OUR end of any given
transaction, No E-Vendor can EVER be 100% certain about the Client's end. We
at NeverSleep prefer to avoid the entire issue, never allowing even the
chance for E-Fraud to occur by avoiding E-Commerce. This is also one of the
reasons why we ask for a Phone Number in our Time Request Form. It may Seem
Inappropriate to Some, But we still feel it's a lot safer for all concerned
this way. If you have questions about our Privacy Policy Please See the
Privacy Statement.
AND because credit cards can be traced easier than CASH, and they can be
disputed.


  a.. What Are Your Rates?
  $35 an hour for Exp grind, eight hour min
  $35 an hour for Alternate Exp grind, eight hour min
  $45 an hour for raid, twelve hour min
  $50 an hour to do skills, four hour min
  $50 an hour for spawn camp, I.E. RageFire etc, hours depend on camp.


  b.. Why So Much For the Last Two Services?
  We Really HATE doing those. But Money Talks.
Yup, mine talks pretty loud too....right now its saying "are you out of your
freakin' mind??"



  a.. Are You Accepting Applications At NeverSleep?
  Sadly, No. We are currently Flooded with far more Talent than we can
handle, Let alone Hire, At the Moment. If things pick up a bit, and we find
ourselves needing recruits, You will notice a new choice in the menu, with a
form. But Until then, No, We can not accept Applicants.

Of course they can't....if they did they would have to actually have a
business established....

  a.. Is That Legal?
  According to the EverQuest EULA, this is not specifically forbidden.
Though since they reserve the right to Change said EULA at any time with no
notice, A more proper Answer would be "Yes. Until they say differently"

Sony/Verant will make that determination as soon as I forward this to them
as well.....

"Tom" <tomsella@att.net> wrote in message
news:10Pk8.15534$Ex5.1389704@bgtnsc04-news.ops.worldnet.att.net...
> http://www.neversleep.n3.net/
>
>
>




