From 3578579024165467164
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8a07c0cad7167bae
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!uni-berlin.de!not-for-mail
From: "-martin" <nospam-villa_nospam_@cheerful.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Monual Runs Laps in Inktu'ta
Date: Tue, 24 Aug 2004 19:56:57 +0100
Lines: 153
Message-ID: <2p1hc6Ffskq5U1@uni-berlin.de>
References: <cgd5ij0dpq@news3.newsguy.com>
X-Trace: news.uni-berlin.de YS12ulwwtGFo4BuaL4OlzwwYJtodMt+SF7p7bycmBS/5vp1DYA
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1409
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1409
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:14490

"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message
news:cgd5ij0dpq@news3.newsguy.com...
> So I'm missing a lot of really useful AA.  My goal today is to get Natural
> Durability 3, which will add to my base hitpoint total.  Oh, hitpoints,
I'm
> way behind on that, too.

Wow, lacking ND3 is very slack indeed =)
Didn't you pick some (useless) stuff to get exarch title though?  =)

> This is one of the few contested mobs we face with the other uber-guild on
> the server.  In fact on one occasion we started the Cynosure event and
> wiped.  The script was still running so we were on our way back to rez,
> rebuff, and finish.   The rival uber-guild comes in, helpfully rezzes us,
> then kills Cynosure while we stand there buffless and manaless.  We
petition
> them for completing a script we had initiated.  A GM responds and removes
> all the loot they won in that event.  We feel deeply satisfied.  For some
> reason this drives the rival uber-guild into a rage, and for a while they
> relentlessly camped each and every mob in Qvic.  Eventually they gave up
as
> they realized that sitting for hours in Qvic was doing them no good as we
> raided Ikkiniz or Inktu'ta.

Wow... lol
How did you manage to wipe to Cynosure?  I don't actually know a guild who
ever wiped to it, not even on the first try. Our first kill was with 28,
first ever engagement.. and yes its a long fight, with some annoyances, but
it just seems too difficult to wipe, like that first rock in Vexthal, who
does nothing besides having a billion hitpoints, sure it hits hard, but its
not the kind of mob you could wipe to =)

The gm seemed overly harsh to CiH too.. (I would say that, huh?)
I mean were it a Fennin script, RZtW, even the Carprin script in CoD.. sure
that involves a level of work and time commitment on your part (tho wiping
is always an area of contention on who has claims on a mob).. but Cynosure?

To spawn cynosure though, its like minimal effort. Technically its not the
same, but id still class it with the likes of AoW.. Vindi and Statue has to
die, but just cuz you killed Vindi doesn't really lay your claim on AoW
until the point he despawns (thus blown for 5 days).. sure if you kill the
early linear stuff the first shot is yours, but if you wipe?  If you 1
grouped the 2 Rhags in Ssra, then my guild turned up and killed Arch Lich
(still with just 1 group of you there) do you really think the GM should
find in your favour, that AL belonged to you?  Not asking if they would, but
SHOULD they, in your opinion?

Whilst i totally agree, if you killed trigger 1+2 and I ganked mob3, I am in
violation of the rules (and would expect a gm to reprimand us).. but if you
killed rhag1, rhag2, then wiped to Arch Lich... thats the point upon which
your claim to the mob ends.  At the point your raid disengages with AL and
the zone is empty (fd monk or necro doesn't count...) your claim is over.
You had your undisputed shot.. now move along and let the next guild there
take a shot.

Ok so back to Cynosure.. they rezzed you, which is the nice thing to do..
but of course they had no obligation to do so.. did you not expect them to
then kill the unengaged target? If they had not CR'd your raid, do you
honestly think your raid would of been back rezzed, buffed, and full mana,
before the event reset?

Even if you got back fast, if the mob is unengaged, you had your shot, why
should the fully buffed rival raid force not be allowed to engage?  The mob
was back at 100%, they allowed it to reset etc.. at the very least, its
highly contentious who is in the right or wrong here.  Sure you triggered
it, thats why you had the first shot at him.. but what you did to trigger
him isnt difficult, its not part of the events difficulty.. its just on a
par with clearing some zone trash to reach a named.

If you were clearing the temple to pull Mnat and wiped, would you feel the
same if they had pulled him?  They would benefit by the same amount (you
cleared the trash for them --the difficulty of Mnat has nothing to do with
the trash before it)... so how does that differ from Cynosure?  The entire
difficulty of Cynosure is the mob itself, it is not like RZtW where 50% of
the challenge is in defeating the script prior to reaching Rallos.

A big problem is that GM's (guide and gms) don't have knowledge of the
events.. so their decision might not be based on the right things.
Removing their loot (and likely guild warnings) certainly sounds like GM
didn't know how the event worked, because its harsh.. very harsh.

I wonder if CiH will be doing the nice thing again and rezzing you on a
total wipe. In their eyes they did the nice move, and then you ungrateful
people whined because you lost a mob to them.  The way they see it.. you
lost the mob by your own doings (wiping).. they didn't gank, they weren't
assholes etc..

> mobs that they can.  Alas, these mobs are undead and one of the clerics
DoTs
> one of them, sending one of our chanters into a rage.  I didn't even know
> they were undead; I'd always been too busy healing to worry about adding
my
> miniscule DPS to the cause.

Lol, in a place like Inktu'ta it seems very odd a cleric would even have
room for a dot =)

> and... Muramite Chest Armor.  This is the GoD equivalent of the Time
> breastplate molds.  We're very excited - our first-ever guild GoD chest
> mold.  I put in my name without much hope - this will surely go to a
> warrior.  So it proves: a warrior gets awarded it very quickly.  Ah well.
> I'm still quite happy with my Time breastplate and don't feel the urge to

Do you really think its an upgrade from PoTime?  The general thought of my
guilds clerics is even uqua BP has a better focus effect than Muramite (and
potime even more so).. then again I'd say the same for a warriors time BP.
Do you guys have to link your current item when asking for a new piece of
loot?

> perfection.  Evidently this involves chain-rooting Noqufiel with mage pets
> while SK's maintain aggro from afar so that the warriors don't get
banished.

The SK's maintain agro on the curecallers?  Would love to see that in action
=)  When they pick their target, it doesn't matter who does what agro and
damage, they stay on the original person!

> We get ready.  Some people have to leave but other latecomers arrive.  One
> advantage to the raid leader's ability to reform groups is that CotHing
> people to the raid is now trivial.  We are still at the maximum of 54 when
> we begin again.

Hmmmm..? =)
Opening the door to Noq locks the expedition ("your expedition is drawing to
a close")... how exactly did you swap people in and out after that first
wipe?  If its buggy.. it would be interesting to know what allows that to
happen =p

> general feel-good guildfest.  A couple of minutes later I'm awarded the
> Relic, to my mild shock.  Happily I loot it amidst the many tells of
> congratulations.

Its a really nice neck, grats =)

> zones in.  We try to break the zone-in area but we don't quite manage it -
> three golems and a really fast-moving archer guy swarm us

Most golems are mezzable =)

> Overall, a very good day for me.  I got three pieces of new loot *and* we
> finally cleared a roadblock.  Alas, Txevu is not an instanced zone, so
we're
> back to competing with the rival uber-guild for spawns again.  Given their
> recent behavior with Cynosure, we are once more returning to "interesting"
> times.

Txevu is a pretty shit zone... the progression mobs arent really fun, or
farm worthy.. even for cockblocking purposes... so it might be better than
you expect =)

-m




