From 4776033368671331770
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,35a42abd28b728d9
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-03-27 11:18:22 PST
Path: supernews.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-uk-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.co.uk!not-for-mail
From: "Phantom" <anon>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Anyone ACTUALLY play Asheron's Call?
Date: Tue, 27 Mar 2001 20:20:44 +0100
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <tc1prq9h52iq07@corp.supernews.co.uk>
References: <t90utghtvekna6@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 132
Xref: supernews.google.com alt.games.everquest:59213

I've been playing AC now for about a year and EQ for about 2 years.

The comparisons between both games :-

Grouping :-
EQ good grouping system you can tell how many hp all your team mate have,
limited to 6 people max

AC you have to target a group memeber to look at his hp, so you dont really
have a healer in the group every one looks after them self or shouts for a
heal, unlimited number of people in group. If you are within 5 levels of
each other you share xp equally.

Chat system :-
EQ wins hands down. In ac you always have to type in there full name
including surnames to send tells.
You can use the reply command to the last person who spoke to you in AC.

Melee combat :-
EQ you stand there and hit em, using special attacks now and again. You can
target the closest monster or mouse click on who you want to hit, can be
hard if there is alot there and you want to target a specific one. You can
/assist group member.

AC you stand there and hit them, no special attacks,  you can decide wether
to hit harder(more damage) or hit faster (less damage), you can target
closest monster or cycle though all monster on radar ( i prefer the AC
targeting system alot better), you can't /assist group members

Magic System :-
EQ you can only pick 8 spells to memorize at once, nice spell affect, not
many spells per class since most of the spells are just higher level spells
i.e skin like wood, skin like stone.

AC you can memorize EVERY spell in the game at once if you choose too(not
recommended) , there is in the region of 250-300 spells with 7 power levels
for each spell (1750-2100 spells)

Character Design:-
EQ you pick your race, you pick your class, you pick your face, spend a few
points and its done

AC alot more involved, you design your character how you want to play
him/her, you can have a fighter with wizard and cleric spells if you want.
You pick which of the 25+ skills you want to use and at later levels you can
pick up new skills you want.
It is alot harder to creat a character in AC because you can really screw up
a character right from the start, you cant in EQ i.e i knew a fighter who
forgot to take healing  (use bandages) and he had to wait another 12 levels
before he could rectify the mistake.


Quest :-
EverQUEST still don't know why they called this game that because until they
brought out the epic weapon quests there were only a very small number of
quests that was worth doing. Typical quest.... kill gnoll, get gnoll
fang,hand fang to captain, get small amount of xp and a moonstone, hand
moonstone in, get small amount of xp and a beer, sell beer for 8gp.

AC alot more involved and a decent reward for doing the quest. Typical
quest.... goto lugian quarry, fight way though dungeon, find pick axe on the
way, mine the ore at end of dungeon, take the unrefined ore to other end of
world, hand ore in get refinded ore back, hand ore into magma golem with a
weapon mold of your choice, get a very nice weapon in return, no xp gain
from quests.

Items/camping :-
EQ well it is called evercamp for a reason !   If you want an item you go
kill a monster that spawns in the same place all the time.

AC there is only a hand full of items that spawn on a certain monster in a
certain place all other items are RANDOM drop, obviously high level items
only drop of high level spawns.

Travel :-
EQ it sucks. eg. if you want to go from Qeynos to Freeport ( 2 major
starting towns) with out help its along walk and if you not high enough to
get though high keep forget it.
It took my first character 3 hours and 6 death to make the run ( no one had
portal spells then ) at level 8.

AC there is a series of portals all over the world making it very easy to
get around. eg if you want to go from Yaraq to Rithwic ( 2 major starting
towns) its takes 5 mins. If you made the run with out using the portal it
will take about as long as the EQ example.

Solo play :-
EQ as a rule after a certain level you cant solo (yes i know some classes
can if you know exactly where to hunt) the game is designed for group play.

AC very easy

Death :-
EQ you die lose last 3 hours worth of xp, hope there is a friendly cleric
near by to rezz you and get most of your xp back.
Loss all your items and run around naked. your body stays there until you
get all your items back

AC get vitae. All your stats go down by 5% ( this also effect all you
skills) kill more monsters to work off your vitae.
Lose X number of items ( the higher level the more items) usually the most
expensive items first. Your body vanishes after 5 mins per level. I have
only ever lost 2 items like this. Solution buy some expensive death items
that you don't mind lossing it you die.

Story line :-
EQ never ever changes !!! the gnolls from blackburrow are still invading
Qeynos and they have been doing for the last 2 years.

AC changes every month. Arwic WAS the major town in the game until the
shadows totally destroyed it ( I loved that town ) Now its just a big
crater.
I would love to see freeport get destroyed :))



I know i have missed somethings out but it covers the main points.
Hope this helps

Loranna 43rd level wizard EQ
Grimbeard 30th level cleric EQ
Skrote 20th level warrior EQ

Naz 41st level archamge AC
Atila 35th level unarmed AC
Lazurus 18th level axeman AC








