From -6657541031316631346
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c71f06f8bf5bf0a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news4.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local02.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 19 Jun 2006 17:45:35 -0500
Date: Mon, 19 Jun 2006 18:45:33 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Who benefits most from mounts?
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <KKidnYRoaKSStArZnZ2dneKdnZydnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 105
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.22.136
X-Trace: sv3-zYxZR5uCqxDkIIh4XDzgDhqOAAVChh50l9VT1Q/689TxwijG3RU5cJjZL/0TzOZiHf3DX9OPIQDxTx3!738skvQhOceyzHkKzCv9/aUHMKs+ssiCF67Pr/GmYP27/B9IWbCf843KHQCZszN8ePIcf99/JIrw!A6TqJzW7Lgg=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:2625

Mounts do two things; they let you move faster, and they let you get the 
benefit of meditation without sitting down.

To me, the first of these is outweighted by the changed nature of that 
movement; slow start, slow stop, sloppy turns.  I hate horse movement, 
and sometimes literally click my horse (and drogmar, on a different 
character who has that mount) off in order to move around.  For this to 
be an advantage, the mount would have to be bard fast.

The meditation bonus, though, is substantial.

For one thing (and its the part most people think of when they think of 
mounts) you get the med bonus without incurring sit aggro.  This means 
two things, you get mana when you'd ordinarily be standing to avoid 
aggro, or you don't get aggro when you'd ordinarily be in danger of it 
because you'd be sitting.  Both are really two ways of saying the same 
thing... but both are important.  Getting aggro isn't a good thing, if 
medding is what you have in mind.

For another, though, you also get the med bonus at times when you 
wouldn't expect it.  If you're moving, stopping, moving, stopping, and 
so on, as frequently happens, waiting for a mob to follow you or looking 
for a good position or whatever, frequently you'll happen to be stopped 
when a "med tic" happens.

But for the third, and for many classes, most important, you get it 
while standing still because you're doing something... anything you like 
that requires standing, except for meleeing.  Say, for example, casting 
a spell.  Spend a lot of time standing and chain casting, then you'll 
count all that time as medding, while nobody who has to sit to get the 
med bonus will be able to do the same, regardless of aggro.

Particularly interesting with this are clicky cast items, like boots of 
bladecalling, that can add significant DPS when you can use them without 
  it costing you any med time.

So, what classes benefit most from a mount?

Well, bards hardly benefit at all, because of an oddity of how a mount 
works; you normally get more than 1 base point back per tic for 
"standing mana regen" except at the lowest levels.  But sitting on a 
mount, this drops to just 1 regardless of level.  Bards get only a med 
skill of one, this means that sitting down doubles their regen at low 
levels, and even less as they level up... but sitting on a horse they 
don't even get that boost, and can actually generate less mana than they 
would standing.  Meanwhile, the horse movement makes their tasks more 
difficult to handle, since they don't have to stop to cast, they usually 
end up repositioning a lot, and when soloing, actually running in 
circles all the time.  And as for speed for travel, well its a rare bard 
who can afford a horse that will run... as fast as a high level bard.  Bah.

Warriors, monks, and rogues, meanwhile, are all manaless, so the only 
benefit they get is in movement.  Not many will spend the cash on a 
mount just to get from one place to another quicker, although admittedly 
they are limited in ways to accomplish this without a mount.  Obviously 
the faster the mount the more interesting this would be to them, but 
those faster mounts also tend to be more expensive.

Rangers can cast SOW themselves, so they too are less interested in 
mounts for moving around.  But they can spend a significant chunk of 
mana casting, and then spend some time shooting arrows.  Does "ranged 
attack" count as attacking, so you don't get the stationary on a mount 
med bonus?   Might be worth it then.  For the most part, though, they 
tend to have their attack button depressed, so not too big a deal.

Beastlords, too, are SOW casters.  But they can end up spending a 
significant chunk of time having their pet fight while they are back out 
of battle, casting or medding back up.  Maybe they'd get significant use 
out of a mount.

Shadowknights could benefit from the movement like the manaless classes, 
but aren't likely to get much use out of the med angle, because they 
tend to keep the attack button pressed, and rarely try and med during a 
fight.  Between fights, sitting on your butt works just as well as a 
mount.  Fear kiting, too, will keep their attack button pressed.

Paladins might benefit some at the higher end of the game, where I've 
seen them pressed into service as substitute healers.  At the lower end 
of the game though, they'll again spend most of their time with attack 
on, and for that matter, trying to get aggro.

Next we have the Healers; all benefit from a mount, aggro is the bane of 
a healer's existance, and you often spend long portions of a fight 
standing, either casting or avoiding damage.  My shaman, in particular, 
got huge amounts of benefit, as he was continuously chain casting canni 
spells; the line is a net benefit even though you're standing instead of 
sitting to med, but when you get to med while casting canni at the same 
time, its astounding.  Druids probably benefit least, as they spend a 
fair amount of time running around kiting, where mount movement will suck.

Then there's the Casters; again all three get a lot of added "umph" from 
mounts, as this allows them to nuke more without worrying as much about 
sit aggro, and keeps their mana levels topped out as much as possible. 
Due to snare kiting, wizards might benefit less, but on the other hand, 
lacking a SOW of their own, they might find the speed worth the tradeoff 
in manueverability.

Of course, in all cases, the mount doesn't work indoors at all, making 
SOW and the longer lasting SOE superior... not to mention the LDoN 
spells that allow casting of move speed boosts indoors.

On careful consideration, I'd say Shaman probably benefit the most from 
mounts, over the run of their playing lifetime.

Lance


