From -676170913307195857
X-Google-Thread: fb739,bc33ef51d832210f,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news2.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 14 Aug 2007 09:20:21 -0500
Date: Tue, 14 Aug 2007 10:20:17 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.12 (Windows/20070509)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Producer's Letter 8/13/07
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <s9adneu0W7K4J1zbnZ2dnUVZ_qDinZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 106
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.60.193
X-Trace: sv3-OkcySI3kbrNwBhPOPEJ3T9FdSLP4q5M2rRNOkRQ5m1IO6bhpHlPfDZl+82vdwy8nE/ZEGshVtlCIkyZ!0/o4xh6+c9IqzKYilzOwUCc+uhw9AzffVqWTdvU+d8o8gjV3EIy3tuyPaHT11HJC4yengfjqRnpW!+QFz6mZGWTA=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.35
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:715

	
	News 	
	
	
	
	
EQ Producer Letter - 8/13/07


Hello everyone! Now a Producer's letter that has a bit more meat to it 
compared to the one that rolled out prior to Fan Faire.

Fan Faire was an absolute blast and I want to thank all of the players 
that were able to make it. There were quite a few questions at the 
panels and I believe that most all of them were addressed. (I do have to 
say that there were a few that we had to take note of and look into J). 
We had some technical issues at the "next expansion" panel when the PC 
didn't have EQ installed, but luckily one of the EQ designers brought 
his laptop and we were up and running in no time.

The room was packed and everyone was able to see a few of the zones from 
the Secrets of Faydwer. There was even a short explanation of the retail 
vs digital business by Russ Shanks.

I feel sorry for the Gnomes out there, I mean you are very crafty and 
make some of the best machines around, but in this expansion you may 
have gone too far. The large catapult that fires players up to the 
floating fortress is slightly overpowered and as I said in the 
presentation... there are a few gnomes that have missed their target and 
can be found littered across the zone. (When you tinker, you win some 
and you lose some.)

We also announced the new TCG (trading card game) that will be 
implemented into EQ and EQ2. Our SOE Denver office has been doing the 
majority of the work and the EQ and EQ2 teams have been working on 
getting everything up and running. We have been spending tons of time 
playing and giving feedback to SOE Denver and we believe it will be a 
blast to see everyone on the public servers jump in and play. The game 
is a blast to play and the card art is really good. We worked on a few 
special loot cards that you will be able to get through booster packs.

It was critical that we included booster packs in the game for everyone. 
Sure you can buy booster packs whenever you want but you don't have to 
buy them to get them from creatures in the game. Keep in mind that we 
are not placing the boosters on specific NPC's in the game so for those 
of you that are planning on camping for boosters, sorry... no soup for 
you! One last thing, for the people that attended Fan Faire, your 
accounts will be flagged and the client will download automatically. We 
will be doing a closed beta on the TCG and we will be handing out 
booster packs throughout the beta period. Once the beta is over we will 
then open the game up to the remaining players and then the real 
challenge begins! TCG battles will be a great way to pass the time while 
playing if you are waiting for friends or that elusive NPC.

Once the game is open to everyone, booster packs will only be available 
via NPC drops and through the station store. I would encourage everyone 
to go visit http://www.station.sony.com/ and follow the Legends of 
Norrath link to find out more information including links to the 
exclusive loot cards found in both EQ and EQ2.

Now to a few ideas that I have been thinking of.

The progression servers were a great concept and they actually are a 
huge success. Although we did a server merge on these servers to keep 
the players tight and available for grouping and opening the new content 
it has made me think... think about the idea of having a set of servers 
that are setup with a special rule set. What do you all think of that? I 
know that there have been discussions about different gameplay types or 
different rule sets before but I figured it was a conversation worth 
having again. The development team has a few ideas of their own but I 
wanted to hear what the players had in mind. Join the Special Ruleset 
Servers discussion.

Another sticky point seems to be about getting low level players into 
the game. One of the things that I have noticed is that many of the more 
experienced players don't have much of an incentive to go back down and 
help lower level players. This is something that we have been discussing 
during our late nights and team meetings. I think it is something that 
you (the players) should have some feedback in. I mean we could put in 
one of the ideas that we have but I would rather get some feedback both 
on your ideas and on ours and make a decision that is best for the game. 
I will get a post up that we can all throw some ideas around in. Join 
the Incentive for Helping Lower Levels discussion.

And finally...

One of the panels that we had at Fan Faire was a quest workshop. It 
turned out to be a hit and the people made it had a great time. I would 
love to have events like that not just on Fan Faire! It is something 
that we would need to provide a system for the players to enter 
information in a useful way that we could use on our end when 
implementing quests and other content. Please let me know if that is 
something that you would be interested in. We have a ton of work with 
each expansion and various other Live events but I think that events 
where the players can actually participate would be a great addition to 
the game.

One last thing- Many of the people at Fan Faire were able to get a set 
of EQ dice that had unique logos on them from the upcoming expansion. We 
still have a ton left and will be finding some creative ways to get them 
out to you guys. I know that we will be handing out sets at Gencon so if 
you happen to be at the show, stop by the booth and get a set!

Clint "Jourdian" Worley
EverQuest Producer
Sony Online Entertainment


