From -8551525411524809841
X-Google-Thread: fb739,1c9dbf2de0981a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news2.google.com!news3.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 10 Nov 2006 08:50:12 -0600
Date: Fri, 10 Nov 2006 09:50:09 -0500
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.7.2) Gecko/20040804 Netscape/7.2 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Quest workarounds
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <HL-dnQqm_bU5DMnYnZ2dnUVZ_ridnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 92
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.44.144
X-Trace: sv3-pQsf8Fl7mXVHXg/7zkB80Z03JCzEK0lYX3zlAhm5BGqNRYvZGVDFch3/HDOQZciSPsHLFWFORnjCbj/!QlBOx4xD8Tl83KIPgTO+UnIGfhWOot8p5DLubsGWPgN+QobYKKdCiVJdy1niIEnbyT/rUi03MkkJ!VP9N1rlvbNs=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.32
Xref: g2news2.google.com alt.games.everquest:4516

I thought I'd put some information about quest workarounds out here, 
just for those who don't know how  they work; these tricks have 
applications all over for quests to raise faction, or steps of epic 
quests, or so on.

Basically, there are two kinds of quest, ones where you have to talk to 
a mob to trigger something, and ones where you have to hand something to 
a mob.

Each often requires some faction before you're able to get the desired 
result.

There are tools available to work around faction, so if you are unable 
to do a quest, one of these tools might help.

First, there's sneak.  Get behind the mob, hit sneak, con the mob until 
it changes to indifferent.  This doesn't work the same way as invisible, 
you can still use the mob as a vendor, or have conversations with it, 
you are just treated as no longer an enemy (or a friend, although why 
you'd want to Lower faction I can't think).  If indifferent is all that 
is required for your quest, and you have the sneak skill, then you're done.

Lacking Sneak, though, for hand in mobs there's still hope; Hide.  Hide 
makes you invisible to the mob, which again means indifferent, but which 
prevents the mob from talking with you or being used as a vendor or 
doing hand ins.  BUT if you can start a hand in to the mob, and THEN 
hide, and only after successfully hiding (check con till mob goes 
indifferent) hit complete, the mob will take your hand in as if you were 
indifferent.  This doesn't work on mobs which require talking though.

Lacking the Hide skill, you can do the same trick by having someone cast 
invis on you after you start the hand in.  This trick also works on 
undead, using ITU, while Hide does not help on undead mobs.... still 
doesn't work on talking mobs.

And a popular approach is to have someone charm the mob; often there's 
no way to start a hand in because you are KOS to the mob in question. 
Charmed, the mob becomes indifferent to all but the charmer (and amiable 
to the charmer, but thats another topic)

Some mobs, however, require better than Indifferent faction for a quest. 
  This is substantially harder than indifferent; now you need to make 
those mobs really like you.  For bards and enchanters, a spell or song 
may suffice, if the mob isn't immune to spells (and many are, 
particularly mobs who happen to be vendors as well as quest mobs).  If 
you can't hit the mob directly, try other mobs in the zone who appear to 
be on the same faction; those songs and spells hit everyone of a 
particular faction regardless of who you cast on.  There is at least one 
all/all item which allows anyone to cast this spell, (a guild cleric who 
shall remain nameless) gave me hers and I used it to complete a couple 
quests on Tormax faction.

Another trick is illusion; wolf form, skeleton form, elemental form, and 
actual race forms may be the thing needed to do the trick.  Unlike the 
various invis or charm approaches, which substitute indifferent for 
whatever faction, good or bad, you may have, illusions change only the 
underlying base faction.  So if you've done some faction work but start 
KOS and are only getting up to Dubious, changing your race might mean 
you start at indifferent and due to your faction work, end up amiable or 
so on.  Bards and rogues can get masks which allow them to take on other 
races, while enchanters get a series of illusions to do the same, and in 
some cases can cast those illusions on others.  Shaman can make potions 
to allow anyone to assume illusion form, and some other classes get a 
few specific illusions, some castable on others as well.

Then there's the king of all work arounds, charm; if you can charm a 
mob, it becomes amiable to you.  For many quests, this suffices, which 
means you can work around things that Indifferent simply doesn't cover. 
  Bards and Enchanters can do this, of course, but there are also items 
like Puppet Strings which allow anyone to cast charm.  Sadly, Puppet 
String charm has a short duration, and you're burning thru charges to 
use them, so bringing along a force to cast Malaise/Tash/OOS and get the 
target's magic resist down as low as possible is a good idea.  Some mobs 
are immune to spells, and some mobs take better than amiable faction, 
and this tends to be a rare resource, or a dangerous one to use compared 
to the others, but it does have its... charms.

Lastly, the real work around; faction work.  Sometimes you simply can't 
work around a step using the above tools, and have to do it the old 
fashioned way; faction work.  Do something else, probably repeatedly, 
till your faction gets so high that you can get the job done.  So why 
put this under workarounds?  Because you might be able to SKIP portions 
of a quest entirely by using this or other tips above.  Read your quest 
carefully, if at any point you are doing something that doesn't require 
a hand in from a previous portion of the quest, you can probably skip 
the previous portion of the quest entirely, using the tips above or just 
faction work to eliminate the earlier portions.  The SK epic, for 
example, you can save 1900pp, three pieces of Darkforge armor, and 
countless hours trying for the Ratman Guard in the Hole and other 
running around, by doing a small amount of Truespirit faction work or by 
applying some of the other techniques I mention above.  If skipping 3 
months of work isn't a workaround I don't know what is!


