From -8533719136704585567
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,42242e79d09c2a5b
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-07-04 11:54:00 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!cyclone.bc.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!newsfeed.telus.net!news2.telusplanet.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <be42kd$hvu$1@newsg1.svr.pol.co.uk>
Subject: Re: Prepatch message for 9th July Patch
Lines: 134
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1158
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1165
Message-ID: <b3kNa.35989$ZS3.3383050@news2.telusplanet.net>
Date: Fri, 04 Jul 2003 18:53:59 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 216.232.78.121
X-Trace: news2.telusplanet.net 1057344839 216.232.78.121 (Fri, 04 Jul 2003 12:53:59 MDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 04 Jul 2003 12:53:59 MDT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:291364


"Adam" <adam@nospamrightyarn.fsbusiness.co.uk> wrote in message
news:be42kd$hvu$1@newsg1.svr.pol.co.uk...
>
> Several partial zone revamps coming to the Live servers.  Droga and Nurga
> will be moving from Legends to the Live servers with our next update.
Along
> with those zones, we have completed partial revamps of several other
zones:
> The Deep, Charasis (Howling Stones), Dragon Necropolis, Siren's Grotto,
The
> Hole, The City of Mist, and Velketor's Labyrinth.  We chose these zones to
> update based on feedback from players, and have implemented changes that
> will make these zones more entertaining to play in.  If you haven't been
to
> one of these zones in a while, you may want to go back and revisit them
> after our next update.

    This should be interesting. Here's the primary complaints I've heard
about each zone - I wonder how they're going to address them?

    The Deep - not enough "named" camps. There's the Massive Underbulk Shell
camp, and there's, um, well....
    Howling Stones - I've never really heard anyone complain about HS. The
loot is getting outdated, but that's a general problem for all old zones.
    Dragon Necropolis - some of the loot is now quite poor for the effort of
getting there, and there was an old complaint I thought had been addressed
about gating wanderers.
    Siren's Grotto - underwater anything is the suck.
    The Hole - again, I'd never really heard many complaints about The Hole.
The loot is outdated and the non-mezzable thing is a real hassle, but other
than that people seem to like it. Maybe the nameds should drop unique loot,
rather than copies of the stuff that can randomly drop anywhere? Oh, and the
quests there should be completed. No more No Drop items with no purpose,
please!
    City of Mist - no real named camps outside of the Reaver area.
    Velk's - the poison they added to the spiders stinks, but other than
that the zone is fine. Named camps, good spawn density, and a rather unique
environment. Maybe they're reducing the respawn time so the zone can support
more folks at once?

> Grieg's End changes going to the Legends server.  Grieg's End is one of
the
> more interesting zones in EverQuest, but the original design made pursuing
> the content in this zone a bit complicated.

    The zone is filled with underconned mobs that drop squat, the loot on
the non-raid mobs is pretty craptacular. What content was there to pursue,
beyond the big three raid mobs (Myral, Servitor, Grieg)? Picking off the
Alchemist when she was up and hoping for the Philosopher's Stone? Oh, I
know, getting that knockback broom toy!

> The redesign includes new
> encounters, items, traps, and events that make the zone a challenge for
the
> experience group, with plenty of events for a raid group.  These changes
> will revitalize this zone and should make it one of the more popular
places
> for characters of the appropriate level to visit.

    I hope this works. With where the zone is situated it could be very
popular. Cazic Thule was popular and it was located in the boonies compared
with Grieg's.

> Tradeskill trivial failures will be reduced.  Obviously even a great
master
> can make mistakes.  EverQuest players, however, have expressed that they
> feel master tradeskillers fail on trivial items too frequently.  We have
> reviewed the trivial failure chances and have made a change to the way
they
> work.  The greater the skill of the character relative to the skill needed
> to complete a recipe; the less likely he is to fail on a trivial recipe.

    Makers of Kiolas and Metal Bits rejoice! Here's hoping they don't mess
up any other success rates at the same time.

> Damage Over Time Spell Foci update.  We have implemented a change to focus
> items for Damage over Time (DoT) spells.  Focus items improve aspects of
> certain spells when they are cast.  Originally, DoT spells were included
in
> a group of other spells that some focus items affected.  But the nature of
> DoT spells is very different than other spells, and the affect of these
> focus items on DoT spells was not what we wanted it to be.  To correct
this,
> we have changed the Extended Affliction line to Burning Affliction, which
> cause DoT spells to do more damage, instead of having a longer duration.

    I'm sort of torn on this one. My necromancer loves having an extended
duration on the Darkness line, as it has a useful function beyond just doing
damage. On the other hand, I've seen how you can lose the extra ticks of
damage if the mob is killed too quickly, especially in groups. I wonder if
Burning Affliction will add damage randomly, like other damage foci do, or
whether it will be a set percentage increase? If it's not a set increase, it
will be a reduction in efficiency from Extended Affliction. But if it is a
set increase, the nukers might whine.

> New Imbue, Enchant, and Thicken spells will be introduced.  Certain trade
> skill recipes rely on magic spells used to make normal items into magical
> items.  To make creating these magical items a little more convenient, we
> will be introducing new Imbue, Enchant, and Thicken spells that create
five
> magical items rather than just one.  These spells require five components
> and take longer to cast and use more mana, but they should make creating
> these items much more convenient.

    OMG, yes! It's unfortunate that I won't be able to scribe the new
versions of several of the imbues I already have scribed, but I'm still
happy to hear about this.

> Newbie quests will be added for Erudites, Trolls and Ogres.
> The next update will include quests for young Trolls beginning in Neriak,
> Ogres in Oggok and for Erudites starting out in Erudin, completing the
> updated newbie quests for all races.

    Erudites from Paineel already have equivalent newbie quests?

> Area of Effect spells that do not affect your group in PvP will also not
> affect your Raid.  Taking on large tasks on a PvP server can be
complicated
> by the fact that Area of Effect spells damage your own raid and not just
the
> monsters.  It makes sense that since these spells do not affect your group
> on a PvP server, they should not affect your raid.

    This is as a result of PvP server guilds trying events like the Coirnav
event, where casting AoE spells is one of the big keys to success. It is
possible to clear 75 mobs, three mini bosses, and Coirnav in 18 minutes
without AoE spells, but it is quite difficult.

    Nifty changes.Can't wait to see the results of the zone revamps!

    James




