From -6352690444277426452
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,18171235e3c93565
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-12 11:45:04 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: il128@my-deja.com (il128)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Transcripts of the Brad McQuaid VS. Conquest banishment
Date: 12 Jun 2001 11:45:04 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 531
Message-ID: <c1d12700.0106121045.6eb9aead@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 12.34.19.249
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 992371504 21316 127.0.0.1 (12 Jun 2001 18:45:04 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-support@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 12 Jun 2001 18:45:04 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:84791

Brad and Jeff,

I would like to supplement (Itzlegend)'s comments if I may, and
explain why what you allege here can't work.

The typical level 60 Conquest cleric has approximately 3500 hit points
with maximum buffs, give or take a few hundred hit points. If a cleric
is at the top, or even near the top of the Warder's hate list, that
cleric will be receiving additional damage from the warder in the form
of "rampage" attacks. As you know, rampage damage is applied to the
top several PCs on the mob's hate list, and is applied to those
targets regardless of where in the zone the targets happen to be. The
result of each rampage, which happens every few seconds, is multiple
300-500 point attacks on the cleric. This damage, in combination with
the rounds of melee damage that the warder would do after summoning
and stunning the cleric would easily kill, within a single round of
combat, any cleric unfortunate enough to try your plan.

There is clear evidence that what I say is accurate, because to my
knowledge, the only player to survive long enough to jump back off the
bridge after being summoned was Bakajikara, an ogre shaman. The reason
he survived is because of the sheer number of hit points he has,
combined with the fact that he can't be stunned from the front,
allowed him to back up and fall off the bridge before the melee damage
killed him. From my fuzzy recollection of that first fight, he died
shortly thereafter to rampage damage. I know that I personally died on
more than one occasion to the various warders as a result of taking
rampage damage only.

In summary, even if the cleric is on the top of the hate list, and the
dragon is trying to get to him, the cleric is taking damage in the
form of rampage attacks. Damage which proves fatal for any cleric
unfortunate enough to be summoned and melee'd by the dragon. What you
allege will only work as long as we have enough clerics to keep
throwing to the warder as sacrificial lambs. Using your tactic, our
fight would have lasted a maximum of 1 minute 40 seconds, the time
required for all clerics to be summoned and killed.

As I have said before, we would be more than willing to recreate the
fight so that you can observe first hand what we did, and how we did
it.

-Gtath

Hello again,

Well, we've taken into account your description of what happened
combined
with our logs and have come to more specific conclusions as to what
occurred. Before I list them, however, I'm also trying to solve
another
problem, and that is why you all seem so confident you're not
exploiting - I
can only conclude that what you did in your minds wasn't exploiting a
safe
zone.

From approximately 20:46 to 21:07 we have the NPC on top of the
bridge,
aggro to several different members of the party, and NOT moving. Our
logs
indicate he wanted to move, but his x,y,z stays the same for over 15
minutes. This means he was stuck because of a pathing bug (no route to
under the bridge). This pathing bug, btw, HAS been reproduced
internally.

Then, some time after 21:07 the attack is called. Occasionally during
the
battle the aggro of the dragon would switch to the clerics under the
bridge.
When this happened, again, the mob could NOT walk down under the
bridge and
kill the clerics. It had to resort to summoning them (which, as you
stated,
is very dangerous to the cleric and what eventually warranted an
abort) once
every 18 seconds IF they were still most hated.

Here are the events in order as we are able to determine:

1. Tank aggros dragon
2. Tank retreats under bridge (safe zone). 
3. THIS IS EXPLOIT #1. Tank probably uses items to gain hate during
the approx. 15 minutes the dragon is stuck on the bridge (our logs
indicate
the dragon was attempting to move towards several players but it's
coordinates were NOT changing - thus, those to whom it wanted to move
were
in the safe zone).
4. HP of the dragon is kept relatively full such that it doesn't
summon. Once tank has sufficient hate built up, he signals to begin
all out
attack
5. Tank is then healed by clerics under the bridge as damage is being
dealt to dragon. The strategy here is to keep the tank most hated so
the
dragon doesn't aggro the clerics. This is valid as long as if the
clerics
ARE aggro'd, the mob can move to them.
6. Clerics are immune from breath weapon as long as they remain under
bridge (this is a valid tactic as long as the area is not a safe
zone).
7. Once a cleric complete heals a couple of times, he is COH'd to
relatively the same location (under the bridge) to remove hate. (We
are not
calling this an exploit, but COH might be changing in the future
because
this goes against the spell's intent).
8. When the group makes an error and a cleric is most hated, the
dragon
summons a cleric every 18 seconds or so, but does NOT move to the
cleric,
because they are in a safe zone. THIS IS EXPLOIT #2.

That you aborted once some clerics were summoned and silenced isn't
relevant
in our opinion. Also, that you consider you are losing once clerics
are
jumping off the bridge after being summoned isn't, in our opinion,
relevant.


Now, again, the emails I've received from you two indicate to me that
you
don't believe you were exploiting. Perhaps you thought that since you
hadn't attacked in force yet you were not exploiting? And then later
because it could summon, you were not exploiting?

If this is so, please let me know. And of course please respond to
anything
in our account to find inaccurate.

Lastly, it is worth noting that using the stacking bug to nullify the
effect
of the breath weapon on the tank (which you freely admit to) is ALSO
an
exploit, albeit a less severe one, which in and of itself would
probably
have resulted in simple warnings. Coupled with exploiting the safe
zone,
however, is what led to the suspensions.

--

---------------------------------------------
Brad McQuaid
Vice President, Premium Games
Sony Online Entertainment/Verant Interactive
---------------------------------------------

First, I'd like to apologize for beginning the last email with "that
isnt
what we were doing and you know it" I didnt mean it like that - which 
sounds like i was calling you a liar. What I meant, was you should be
able
to figure out that isnt what we were trying to do, based on
screenshots and
other evidence which you allready have at your disposal.

Ok, now we're rocking... We both understand eachothers point of view
and we
both understand the aggro issues.

Anyways, sorry it took so long to reply - I had people logging in to
check
the summoning time. 18 seconds seemed far too long.. It has been
"common
knowledge" at least in our guild, that a mob summons once per 10
seconds -
and its true it seems. A friend logged in and got summoned 3 times by
a mob
before zoneing. This is the log:

[Fri Jun 08 20:07:46 2001] Andad Filla says 'You will not evade me
Valent!'
[Fri Jun 08 20:07:56 2001] Andad Filla says 'You will not evade me
Valent!'
[Fri Jun 08 20:08:07 2001] Andad Filla says 'You will not evade me
Valent!'

Twice for 10 seconds once for 11 (not sure why the difference here,
maybe
there is sometimes a small period of time when summon is "ready" and
the mob
just has to choose to use it). All mobs summon at the same frequency -
im
pretty sure on that. Feel free to test this yourself...

Im not trying to get you on technicalities here - but there is a large
difference between 10 and 18 seconds.

However, you are going to say "it doesnt matter how much time", and
for the
sake of arguement i will agree to that now. You could, theoretically,
make
small blotches of time (1-2 seconds? or so - every 10 seconds...)
where the
mob doesnt melee useing the tactics you pointed out. I just wanted to
clear
that up... Because its pretty important in understanding why its
useless to
assume you can "exploit" this.

BTW, Im assuming that in order for something to be considered an
"exploit"
it has to benefit you... Or, as an alternate approach - I ask that you
assume that we wouldnt be silly enough to use an exploit that would
lower
rather then increase our chances of winning...

Before going on let me clarify a few things about hate... based on
your
statement: gaining hate for 15 minutes.

Hate fact 1: All hate decays - and it decays rapidly on high level
mobs.
These mbos care about "who has made me angry recently" not "who has
given me
the most aggro total"

How to test this: Find that one mob that has 32k hp and regens 32k hp
per
tick. Do 50,000 damage to it over the course of 15 minutes or so. Then
have someone else start doing damage to it. That person will not have
to do
anywhere near 50,001 damage before it switches off. This is even more
true
on end encounters.

Hate fact 2: Any and all hate over ~5 minutes old(I dont know the
exact
time, but it is around 5 minutes) is removed from the mob completly.

How to test this: When you found the safe spot in your tests, you
probly
noticed the mob would just get up and walk off after 5
minutes(forgetting
you 100% completly)... if you bothered standing there long enough. In
fact,
you cant even keep the mob on the bridge for more then 5 minutes
without 2
people aggro'd, and doing something to hold their individual aggro
(i.e.
healing eachother - or in the case of a bard, the bard just sings).

Hate fact 3: End encounter ubermobs will only add very VERY low
amounts of
hate from spells unless they are hurt (and in summoning mode).

How to test this with offensive spells: Have an invulnerable GM cast 
tashanian (a huge taunt spell) 50 times on the warder. Have a melee
walk up
and hit one time. Watch the warder attack the melee...

How to test with healing spells: Have one person aggro warder and jump
off
the bridge. Have a cleric ch them 10 times (have them use their entire
mana
pool). Have a melee fight the warder. Watch the warder turn on the
melee
after 15 seconds tops. Ok, so doing this can get you 15 seconds of
free
hits as a melee... What you need to look at, however, is how that mana
can
be (and was in our case) put to much better use. One cleric can keep
me
alive 120 seconds strait, with 0 chance of me dieing - with coh to
clear
their own aggro. This seems to be, by your admission, a non-issue
though
since having clerics at top of hate list serves no function other then
to
get yourselves killed.

Now allow me to respond to your email with this in mind...

>1. Tank aggros dragon
>2. Tank retreats under bridge (safe zone).
>3. THIS IS EXPLOIT #1. Tank probably uses items to gain hate during
>the approx. 15 minutes the dragon is stuck on the bridge (our logs
indicate

Step 3 is 100% critical to this entire thing... The problem here, is
it is
impossible for me to have built hate while under there. First of all,
no
matter where u stand, you cant shoot arrows at the mob, so you can
toss that
idea out.. Useing offensive spells, such as blind orb from the CS
fish, or
bracer of fenin ro generate practically no aggro at all (see above).

You could build up some aggro with complete heal items tho. For
example if
a warrior bothered to do the soul fire quest they could complete heal 
themself to keep aggro - and it would probly last to maybe (if you're
lucky)
the dragon has had 15% of its life taken off. The problem with this?
Just
go through my saved logs... Not only did i not have a complete heal
sword
from befallen or a soulfire that night, but I HAVE NEVER owned either
of
those items, ever... It was just an idea i threw up in guildchat, so
our
clerics wouldnt keep getting summoned and killed, and to keep the mob
on me.
It is 100% impossible for me to have built aggro while the mob was 
standing there for 15 minutes (not to mention the logs should clearly
show
that i didnt....)

Also, if you check the logs, you should see the warder shout his aggro
message every 5 minutes or so. This happens when the warders aggro
list has
been cleared 100% and it re-aggros on the bard.

>>THIS IS EXPLOIT #1

Are you trying to justify the suspending of 26 people and the banning
of 2
because the mob, before the fight, was trying to get to someone it
cant? If
that is so - why arent the thousands and thousands of people who have
ever
been on a vox raid suspended when vox repeatedly tries to get to them,
but
cant - while they buff in the safe hall?

>4. HP of the dragon is kept relatively full such that it doesn't
>summon. Once tank has sufficient hate built up, he signals to begin
>all
>out attack

How exactly do you think I built up aggro? There are hundreds of
warriors
out there who would LOVE to know how to build a large amount of aggro
at the
beginning or before a fight... Currently the only method known is by
useing
a complete heal item - and like i said (and this should be easily 
verifyable) I didnt have one that night, and I have never owned one.

>5. Tank is then healed by clerics under the bridge as damage is being
>dealt to dragon. The strategy here is to keep the tank most hated so
the
>dragon doesn't aggro the clerics. This is valid as long as if the
clerics
>ARE aggro'd, the mob can move to them.

Why? Ok, i can see why, just not in this specific case... Mobs dont
summon
people unless they are out of their reach - so the "main tank" is
rarely if
ever summoned while they are fighting the warder. Thus, the very
second a
cleric is aggrod, they are summoned. Im also pretty sure that once 
summoned, none of our clerics survived unless they got a timely COH.

BTW, why wasnt this made known to the public?? And how do the nag or
vox
raids get away with this DAILY when they are doing the EXACT same
thing.
There was a big(huge) arguement a long time ago wether or not it was
an
exploit to have healers before the gates on nagefin, or in the
safehall for
vox. After a long time the general assumption was that it was
perfectly
fine since they could just summon. Heck, it is even a common tactic to
manasieve vox while she is in her lair and cannot reach you.

>6. Clerics are immune from breath weapon as long as they remain under
>bridge (this is a valid tactic as long as the area is not a safe
zone).

Same thing... Nag/vox... This is the very tactic which is all over the
web
for both of these dragons, and is WIDELY accepted as a perfectly valid
tactic.

>7. Once a cleric complete heals a couple of times, he is COH'd to
>relatively the same location (under the bridge) to remove hate. (We
are
>not
>calling this an exploit, but COH might be changing in the future
because
>this goes against the spell's intent).

No.... if the mage was under the bridge when they COH'd, the cleric
would be
summoned to the very bottom of the world there (deep under the
lava-water).
The clerics were summoned back to the gate (the entrance to the warder
area
- this was so they would be out of range of the AE when coh'd - so
they dont
get silenced). Then they floated back down under the bridge with DMF
up.

>8. When the group makes an error and a cleric is most hated, the
dragon
>summons a cleric every 18 seconds or so, but does NOT move to the
cleric,
>because they are in a safe zone. THIS IS EXPLOIT #2.

10 seconds but... Again, after getting summoned once - our clerics
either

a) died
or
b) got coh'd just after getting summoned

There really is no in-between on sleepers tomb warders - clerics just
cant
take the hits. Yet running Back down the steps at nagefin, or back
into the
safe hall on nag or vox remains a perfectly valid tactic and isnt
challenged
by VI...

>That you aborted once some clerics were summoned and silenced isn't 
> >relevant in our opinion.

The clerics that were silenced, got hit while being under the bridge.
Under
the bridge doenst have a very big area where the AE doesnt hit - so
with the
melee pushing the dragon around, some of them got hit with the AE
while down
there. We didnt abort because clerics got silenced... silence only
lasts
like 15 seconds anyways iirc. We aborted because they were dieing.

>Also, that you consider you are losing once clerics are
>jumping off the bridge after being summoned isn't, in our opinion, 
> >relevant.

I cant recall any clerics jumping off the bridge, but assuming they
did how
isnt that relevant? You are saying that an exploit that doesnt help in
the
slightest is bannable? How can you justify that?

>Perhaps you thought that since you hadn't attacked in force yet you
>were
>not exploiting? >And then later because it could summon, you were
>not
>exploiting?

Im defending us based on the assumption that you have to >>take
advantage<<
of game abnormalities in order to be suspended for exploitation and
your
guild disbanded. We did not TAKE ADVANTAGE of either of these 
abnormalities. When the mob was standing on the bridge for however
long it
was, we did not build up any hate, and we did NOT benefit from it any
way.
As far as later when it could summon, we did EVERYTHING in our power
to
prevent that abnormality - and didnt benefit in any way to that as
well.

>Lastly, it is worth noting that using the stacking bug to nullify the
>effect
>of the breath weapon on the tank (which you freely admit to) is ALSO
an
>exploit, albeit a less severe one, which in and of itself would
probably
>have resulted in simple warnings. Coupled with exploiting the safe
zone,
>however, is what led to the suspensions.

Cant refute this... However I would like to remind you of CT, Aarynar,
Yelinak, and the third warder which were and some still are killed by
dozens
of guilds useing similar tactics with spell stacking. Yet no action is
taken for this.

Fight logistics aside.. I hope with this email you can at least agree
with
me that the action taken against us was far overboard. Guilds arent 
supposed to be disbanded unless they have had previous incidents - yet
we
were disbanded on our first. The original punishment was supposed to a
warning to everyone, and a suspention if people had prior warnings.
Yet 15
minutes after we were removed from the zone we were then summoned to
the
arena and told our punishment was to be doubled, and that we were to
be all
suspended, and banned if we had previous warnings.

It is our understanding that this is precisely what a warning is
designed to
do: Inform the violator(s) that they are indeed breaking the rules. As
far
as we understand it, suspensions are reserved for those who have
already
received warnings, yet have ignored those warnings and continued their
illegal activities. Finally, our understanding is that banning is
reserved
for those who habitually break the rules despite warnings and
suspensions
for *the same infractions*.

In our opinion, and apparently in the opinion of the public at large,
the
suspensions we have received, and in two cases, the bannings we have 
received, are not justified. After your own statement, "I can only
conclude
that what you did in your minds wasn't exploiting a safe zone" how can
you
honestly justify the punishment that has been delivered, particularly
when
in the guide handbook it clearly states:

"8.5.4.2 The key to determining wheter a person is exploiting is not
in the
activity, but int he intent. A player that is using a rain spell to
kill
masses of monsters may not know it's an exploit, but instead believe
that
this is simply the function of the spell. It is the responsibility of
the
Guide to educate the player and ensure that the intention to exploit
is
present."

-Itzlegend


