From 4096631102364150764
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,3b747ec8a224372a,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-11-17 07:21:33 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!west.cox.net!cox.net!p01!news2.west.cox.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "Bat Child (Sue M.)" <batchild1@cox.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: PBS web site story about Show EQ
Organization: Knights of Xemu
Reply-To: batchild1@cox.net
Message-ID: <d5dftu01p42um6gkmt1jj047u0kftjo5l6@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 180
Date: Sun, 17 Nov 2002 15:20:57 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.6.221.195
X-Complaints-To: abuse@cox.net
X-Trace: news2.west.cox.net 1037546457 68.6.221.195 (Sun, 17 Nov 2002 10:20:57 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 17 Nov 2002 10:20:57 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:246260

Found at:

http://www.pbs.org/cringely/pulpit/pulpit20021114.html

===================

Get a Life (Which One?) 
A Real Battle is Brewing in the World of Everquest 

By Robert X. Cringely 



Everquest, if you aren't one of the 415,000 people who regularly play
it, is an online PC role-playing game owned by Sony. At any time of
day or night, 60,000 to 80,000 players are on the Everquest servers
fighting fights, making alliances with other players, and striving to
better their social positions in the fantasy world. And some of those
players are cheating, a fact that is interesting to me only because
Sony's reaction to the cheaters could seriously threaten both Sony's
$100 million in annual Everquest income (nearly all of it profit) and
even threatens the game itself. 

I am not a game player, so I owe this column to my friend Paul, who is
supposed to be writing a book about programming but instead is getting
very good at Everquest. 

At the heart of the story is a program called ShowEQ that runs not on
your Everquest computer, but rather on a second computer that sits on
the same LAN as your Everquest computer. So you need two computers and
a LAN to cheat at Everquest, a pretty high barrier to entry. ShowEQ is
a packet sniffer tuned to watch only Everquest packets. The program
doesn't participate in the game in any way, it just watches. And
because it just watches, ShowEQ is very difficult to detect. 

What ShowEQ does with the packets it watches is compile an overhead
view of what the game field looks like -- a view that is not normally
available to Everquest players. It can see where you are in the world,
where other players are, and most importantly, where the bad guys are.
Named bad guys like the Evil Overlord can pop up anywhere, but ShowEQ
tells you precisely where he is and how tough he probably is. The
program can even beep to warn you when bad guys are near. 

An Everquest player with ShowEQ has a definitive advantage over those
without. They see where they are in the game, where other players are,
and if a really bad guy is in their path, they can know to detour
around him and avoid being squashed. For all these reasons, ShowEQ
violates the Everquest End-user License Agreement and those who are
found to be using it are banned from the game by Sony -- just bumped
clean off, never to return. Sony is pretty ruthless that way. 

But most ShowEQ users are never caught because the program is so
unobtrusive and because it runs only on a Linux computer. Everquest is
a Windows game, but ShowEQ requires Linux. That's where the story gets
interesting. 

The Linux installation for ShowEQ is a difficult one for most people.
In fact, most users couldn't even do the installation, which requires
compiling the ShowEQ source code and fighting with some difficult
libraries to make the program work at all. This is by design. The
authors of ShowEQ (the original author now reportedly works at Sony,
having either been seduced by the Dark Side or brought into the light,
depending on your position on this issue) don't want it to be an easy
installation. Apparently, the idea is to keep out the non-technical
riff-raff. If ShowEQ has only a few users, the theory goes, Sony will
leave it alone and won't try too hard to kill the program or those who
use it. This is what the guy who appears to be in charge of ShowEQ
today refers to as the "Social Contract" -- a tacit deal with Sony to
keep ShowEQ hard to use and therefore away from the rest of us. 

Think about it. The same people who like to push Linux as the logical
alternative to Windows in this case are letting the inherent
complexity of Linux act as a wall to keep out the masses. 

And so it worked. Sony added encryption to Everquest, but that was
okay because the ShowEQ developers cracked the encryption each time in
a few hours and moved on. Sony couldn't use hard encryption, it was
reasoned, because doing so would eventually slow down game play as
individual player PCs had to hunker down and decrypt every packet. 

Then Sony changed the game by adding some compression and changing the
way encryption was done to make it no longer easy to decrypt using
brute force methods. The Social Contract was violated, or so thought
the minions of ShowEQ. There is no hard evidence, by the way, that
Sony ever participated in such a Social Contract. Perhaps it was only
a fantasy in the minds of the ShowEQ developers. 

With the old cracking methodology no longer working, the only way to
run ShowEQ is to pluck the decryption key straight from the memory of
the Windows box where Everquest is running. This is easy to do and it
is also where Sony may have put its own game franchise in jeopardy. 

What is the best way to pluck the decryption key from memory in the
Everquest computer? One way is to run a tiny program alongside
Everquest on the Windows box and pluck the key, which is then sent to
the Linux box where ShowEQ runs. But a just-as-easy alternative is to
simply port ShowEQ to Windows and get rid of both the LAN and the
second PC. With the Social Contract having been already violated by
Sony, why not? 

If ShowEQ for Windows appears, then 100 times the number of ShowEQ
users will exist. All the folks thwarted by the complexity of Linux
will be able to run the program. Instead of a few hundred ShowEQ
users, there might suddenly be tens of thousands. It is the "Script
Kiddie" phenomenon applied to a PC game. Just as the Kiddies wreak
havoc on the Net with precompiled scripts, viruses, and trojans they
could never write themselves, so too the new population of ShowEQ
users could ruin the game for everyone else. Instead of a few
invincible dopes, there would be thousands. 

Sony could ignore the situation or, more likely, they could take
action, banning all the new ShowEQ users, which would probably be more
detectable since their program would actually touch the innards of the
Everquest engine and might even run co-resident with it. That's a
no-no. 

Or maybe Sony will do nothing. Is it in their interest to throw away
maybe $10 million per year in revenue from banned players? On the
other hand, if every tenth player is invincible, the game is probably
ruined for the other nine. 

Maybe everyone should have ShowEQ, re-leveling the playing field at a
higher elevation. After all, there is a Star Wars role-playing game on
the Net that gives users a kind of radar screen to use that acts much
like ShowEQ and that game is also run by Sony. We'll see. 

My personal theory is that Sony sees the three-year-old Everquest as
an aging product they would like to move away from. They have to have
been busy all this time working on a follow-on game, but how do you
move all those players to the new game if they are happy with the old
one? You make the old game no longer so fun to play or -- better still
-- you allow someone else to make it no longer so fun to play. Don't
be surprised to see a new multi-player game launched with lots of
great features and a low introductory price. Sony needs to jazz things
up a bit with xBox Live about to launch. 

I want to end on another issue that is tangential to all this
Everquest nonsense. Many of the ShowEQ partisans have their knickers
in a twist over how Sony might or might not use its End-User License
Agreement (EULA) to subvert the innards of offending computers. The
EULA is that agreement we all click on but never read before loading
new software. Awhile back, Microsoft altered one of its EULAs to grant
all sorts of extras powers to snoop and grab and install extra
software or remove software they don't like. This sparked a small
outcry but no change in behavior on the part of Redmond, so I guess
they've won again. 

Or maybe not. 

Maybe you have seen a new virtual postcard from Friend Greetings,
owned by an outfit called Permissioned Media. It prompts you to
install their software to view the card. You are then presented with a
EULA granting them permission to e-mail all the Contacts in your
Outlook Address Book. Those people are presented with an e-mail from
you telling them they have a greeting card to pick up. So, this thing
spreads like a worm, but it isn't strictly a worm since we have
presumably agreed to participate. Most of the anti-virus sites have
sections discussing the phenomenon, but none are yet detecting it as a
virus or worm. 

I love this idea. Friend Greetings and Permissioned Media are not good
guys in any sense, but they might do a good service for us all. This
EULA thing has gotten out of hand. We are clicking-away rights that we
shouldn't and sure it is because we are lazy, but even lazy people
shouldn't be victimized. It is time for someone to take Permissioned
Media down. Any volunteers? By taking legal action against this
two-bit outfit, the whole EULA issue can be dealt with and Microsoft
doesn't have to be involved UNLESS, OF COURSE, THEY COME AS A FRIEND
OF THE COURT FOR PERMISSIONED MEDIA. That would be like Jerry Falwell
testifying for Larry Flynt, which he actually once did (they are
friends sort of -- go figure). But Permissioned Media is so obviously
in the wrong here that we just might get our rights back if someone
moves quickly. 

What do you think? 

====================

http://members.cox.net/batchild1
http://members.cox.net/scorseseinfo


