From 2277536475448553282
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7d0e921b53a27c5,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-25 05:47:26 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Uber-Flight
Date: Wed, 25 Jul 2001 08:44:00 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3B5EBF10.C57E4AC1@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 70
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:98559

(warning: long)
I've finally gotten desperate enough to ask here about a problem we're
facing in our guild.  Hopefully there's enough combined guild experience
in this forum that somebody else has dealt with this before.

I'm an officer in a relatively small-to-medium sized guild. (About 70
members, not including alts.)  We have always been a low to mid level
guild with a minimum level requirement of 20.  It's really more of a
"family style" guild, with a lot of good friends, where you can find
answers to questions quickly, get trade skill help, often find somebody
to group with, and we do the occasional raid of low level dungeons/
zones. (Unrest, Mistmoore, Upper Guk, Paw, etc.) It's nice, and people
seem to have a good time.
   But as with any random group of EQ players, people don't level at the
same rate. We have some folks who are very infrequent and/or casual
players who level *very* slowly. And others who play eight different
characters so none of them shoot up too quickly.  And as long as they
are having fun, that's fine and nobody cares.  But there are a few
(including yours truly) who eventually pick a character and really start
working on leveling.  We are the ones who seem to really be driven to
get up into the 50's and start taking on the big stuff. My warrior was
an *alt* of my previous main character in the guild, starting out as the
*lowest* level character actively playing in our guild, and I'm now
(IIRC) either the fifth or sixth highest level character in the guild.
I'm ten levels higher than the guild leader's main. <grimace>
  Where are the other fast levelers, you might ask?  They're almost all
gone. This is our problem, and in guild officer discussions we've been
calling it the "uber-flight" problem. People get up to the high 40's and
low 50's and there are simply too few, or even zero players of
equivalent level who could join them in going to new, much higher level
zones.  So, inevitably they go there alone to look for p/u groups, and
inevitably meet a bunch of players from the various uberguilds on our
server (Xev) and equally inevitably they wind up hearing about how they
just took down two dragons this week, cleared out Siren's Grotto, and
are trying to mount a raid on Sleepers.  And, "oh, by the way, would you
be interesting in  joining *our* guild if I sponsor you so you can go on
all these cool raids too? We could really use another <fill in level and
class here> in our group."
   Many of them fight the temptation for a while, wanting to be loyal to
the guild and friends they've had for so long, but they inevitably stall
in their advancement, get frustrated, and wind up leaving.  We just lost
a 52 wizard, 52 Mage, and 48 shaman that way.  The clerics get stripped
off the *most* often, most quickly, and at the lowest levels, so it
should come as no surprise that we currently have zero clerics above
30th level.  Our highest is a 53 warrior, and he has already been
courted by several guilds that he met while fighting in Old Seb. He's
still with us and really wants to stay, but he wants to go even further
in the game than that, and it's obvious he'll leave some day also.
  So....... there you have it. That's our dilemna.  Are we simply doomed
to *always* be a mid level "farm team" guild which only raises up bush
league players until they are ready for the big leages, at which point
they'll get drafted into "the majors"? Or is there some way around
this?  Has anybody here actually been in a guild that made the
transistion up to a high level guild that raids in ToV, etc. from a
low/mid level guild?  Or are the first uberguilds on any server pretty
much it, and you just have to hope to join them when the time comes? I
fully expect to be in the high 40's if not 50 by early August at this
rate, and I'll be facing the same problems unless we can come up with a
solution.  Any advice and shared experience with this syndrome would be
most appreciated.
--
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 42 Campaigns
a.k.a.
Jakys Lv'Tyrr, the Mad Monk of Qeynos
Monk of 25 Seasons, Silent Fist
- - - -
"Anything more than a metric buttload of mobs is a bardic pull."
Arolpin Lorespinner




