From -6860475989609872598
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ccfd1965727d0357
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-01-08 12:07:44 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!lnsnews.lns.cornell.edu!newsstand.cit.cornell.edu!news.stealth.net!news.stealth.net!cyclone1.gnilink.net!spamfinder.gnilink.net!nwrddc02.gnilink.net.POSTED!f7fccf0b!not-for-mail
From: "John Kievlan" <jodakim@attbi.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <vSZS9.27566$xb.3900@nwrddc02.gnilink.net> <ntuo1vshnilncii8kl7e0j4ucub4goitbj@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: OT: Letters to your friendly neighborhood Americans
Lines: 92
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
Message-ID: <ky%S9.28296$xb.12881@nwrddc02.gnilink.net>
Date: Wed, 08 Jan 2003 20:07:44 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 4.62.88.224
X-Complaints-To: abuse@verizon.net
X-Trace: nwrddc02.gnilink.net 1042056464 4.62.88.224 (Wed, 08 Jan 2003 15:07:44 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 08 Jan 2003 15:07:44 EST
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:256818

> John
>
> A sensible and well constructed message.  Though we may not agree on
> this issue I do applaud the manner in which you undertake your
> arguments.
>
> There is a common joke running around most of Europe which could
> answer your question: "what viable alternatives can you propose
> to taking military action to clear out the terrorists and their
> supporters" and this is, of course, to invade Washington DC.

I fail to see how you can tell me that we should prevent future terrorist
action by invading Washington, DC.  Oh, I'm not arguing that it wouldn't fix
the problem, don't get me wrong.  If America were to fall then the
terrorists would have accomplished their goal, at least as far as the US was
concerned (that wouldn't guarantee the safety of anyone else they dislike,
of course), so they would send no more terrorist attacks, in all
probability.  But the goal from the American point of view is to keep
American civilians safe, and destroying America would hardly accomplish that
goal.  Even supposing you were right in believing we're an evil country who
needs to be destroyed (I disagree, of course), it should hardly take much
mental effort to realize that your "solution" won't fix the problem from our
point of view.

I'd like to make a point here:  America is arguably the most powerful nation
in the world.  That means that we are always in the spotlight and our
actions are on trial before the entire world no matter what we do.  That is
a massive responsibility, unless of course we choose to simply bash
everybody's heads in and take over the world, and you would have to be a
moron to argue that we're trying to do that.

The problem with having this responsibility is that *you can't please
everyone*.  No matter what we do someone will hate us for doing it.  There
have been countries who have hated us for not helping them when they felt
they needed it.  There have always been countries who have hated us for
fighting them to help another country (whether you believe our motives were
selfish or not, there have been very few cases when we have not been helping
someone else out in fighting our various wars).  The only way that we could
absolutely remove all animosity would be to destroy ourselves, as you
suggested... however if we did that, the next most powerful country would
become the world's superpower, and you and others would start bashing them
for whatever they do.  You can't tell me that you think the world would be
better off if, say, China was the dominant power.

You know, I think what it comes down to is this:  every nation in the world
thinks that we owe them everything we can give simply because we *could*
give it to them if we so chose.  I hear people saying, "Yeah, well, you
shouldn't ever have invaded Iraq because you helped out your own oil
supplies because of that!"  Well, we were protecting Kuwait.  Yes, we also
had some economic gain from that.  So what?

In many other cases we've protected countries who were valuable to us in one
way or another.  And in every one of those cases, many people around the
world have pointed to us and said, "Look at the evil United States of
America!  They helped out so-and-so just because they wanted such-and-such!
They are evil!"  And yet we've never once had a country we've helped out
complain that we're butting into their business by helping.  We've had them
hate us later for other reasons, but they've never said, "No, go away, let
us all get killed, you're offending our national pride by protecting us!"

Let me ask you something:  Suppose you find yourself in a riot, and you see
your girlfriend, your boss, a few business associates, and a friend of
yours.  Now this is in an anarchist state (since I'm comparing this to the
international scene, and in the international scene there's no effective
government to regulate what nations do to one another -- the UN does not
count, it does very little to prevent injustices, it only makes the
international community aware of injustices so that various international
powers can correct them). You, since you're quite a good martial artist and
know how to defend yourself, step into the fray, bash some heads, grab the
aforementioned people, and pull them out of danger.  Then suppose a group of
onlookers see this happen and come up to you and start bitching you out
because "You just went and beat some people up just so you could have sex/a
job/economic contacts/companionship!  You are an evil person!  How can you
justify violence to achieve your own ends?!?"

Later some of the people from the riot whose heads you bashed come to your
house and shoot your girlfriend in the head.  You then become angry enough
to go and kill every one of those people (remember, this is an anarchist
state, so you can't really go to the government and ask them to get the
guys... neither can you just go bash their heads again and walk away because
when they recover from their bashed heads, they'll be back).  At this point
the same people who became angry with you at the riot confront you in the
street -- "How can you go kill these people??  They were simply retaliating
to your butting into their business during the riot!  If you're going to
throw your weight around, you shouldn't be suprised when people bite back!"
At which point you ask them, well, what would you have me do then?  Their
response:  "Well, we've been joking about this and the current joke is that
you should deal with it by shooting yourself in the head!! (hysterical
laughter)"  Tell me... how would you feel at this point?  What would you say
to them?




