From 4560181356605289905
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,a74f17848298c82c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-16 18:45:21 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: londriel@blueyonder.co.uk (Londriel)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Enchanter reborn (long)
Date: 16 Sep 2002 18:45:20 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com/
Lines: 122
Message-ID: <d9b74d86.0209161745.640d38cd@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 62.30.112.3
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1032227120 17144 127.0.0.1 (17 Sep 2002 01:45:20 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: 17 Sep 2002 01:45:20 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:231267

Hail fellow adventurers,

Since I achieved the 40th rank I feel as if I have been reborn,
indeed, like a phoenix from the flames. New blood fills my veins,
blood that pulses with energy and fills every moment of my life with
excitement and discovery. I physically float due to the raw whirlwinds
of power inside me.

And I revel in that power. 

Hear me all young enchanters out there, every circle as an enchanter
is a wonderful journey filled with surprises. A chapter in your life
you will look back on with delight and joy. Understand that there is
much sadness and hardships but the paths you travel are unique and
soul pleasing.

Soon I will achieve the 44th rank. I sense another power shift on the
horizon and the 11th circle beckons. But I wish to share my tale of
the 10th circle. I believe there is much to learn from it.

I found myself hunting in the Dreadlands frequently during my 10th
circle. I joined with all kinds of adventurers in the assault against
the hordes of beasts roaming these lands.

I joined with fighters, hasting their movements, slowing our enemies.
I joined with magic users of all kinds obliterating the beasts in
forceful blasts of energy. Sometimes I would gently float and meditate
only to stand occasionaly to speak words of power, other times I would
run around weaving colours with not a moment of rest until I am
completely exhausted.

During all these encounters I adapted to the style of our group and
very quickly established a comfortable rhythm, working side by side
with others fluent in their own skills. Some advice given to me here
also proved useful.

Although every outing proved a challenge, after the rhythm was
established I always felt a little bit restless. I wanted to be
stretched, I wanted to explore the boundaries of my abilities.

And then my time came...

I met up with a group in the Dreadlands again. I quickly settled into
an easy rhythm, careful not to drain myself. I expected the usual one
or two beasts to chase after our warrior straight into our trap but
instead there were four. I frantically ran around weaving strands of
colour to stun them and create time for me to bring them all under
control. Finally I managed to mesmerize all the unengaged monsters and
quickly during the lull I memorized my area effect mesmerize spell
instead of my slowing spell. My reserves would not last if I had to
control three or four monsters and still slow them as well.

But why did four come back? Was this a mistake? Was the ogre merely
unusually stupid for it's kind and unable to avoid monsters in it's
way? Was the ogre lazy and did not want to run around looking for
beasts to bait? Or was there a subtle challenge from the ogre? Was he
extremely crafty, much more so than indicated by his dull eyes and
hulking form?

It seemed unlikely but it did not matter. My skill had been challenged
and suddenly the rest of the day hinted at nerve wracking excitement.
The ogre did not disappoint, time after time he would bring hordes
back and I would bring them under control and keep them there, firmly
pinned underneath my will, helpless until I decided to release them. I
revelled in the chance to prove my worth. I excitedly ran all over
bringing order to chaos, extracting easy victories from certain death
and managing to not completely drain myself in the process. There was
almost no resistance from the beasts. They bent easily to my will,
like tall grass in a breeze, the touch of my mind soft and elegant on
theirs, a lover's caress.

All good things must come to an end however and eventually the warrior
departed. Two monks, a cleric and a druid remained. One of the monks
was beating on a monster when the other returned with three more in
tow. I pounced. All three of them under control in an instance. The
remaining one turned on the cleric however and was doing serious
damage. I started running over to stun the beast but the cleric was
too far away. The drolvarg's huge claws ripped the life out of the
cleric and his corpse fell in a crumbled heap. My mind was in turmoil.
How was it possible? How could it happen so quick? What could I have
done? Faintly something tugged at the back of my mind. An itch that
must be scratched. I tore my eyes away from the cleric and turned
around. My vision was filled with the forms of three giant beasts, a
ravenous brute and two more drolvargs. Their eyes met mine and I saw
the veils I covered them in slip away. Pure hatred stared back.
Hastily I started the incantation that would regain control. With huge
strides they were upon me snarling and biting, jaws snapping and
saliva flying everywhere. My protection of runes was smashed through
almost immediately and then their claws were tearing at my flesh. My
clothes offered scant protection and my life gushed out like a raging
waterfall. All through these attacks I kept chanting. One slim chance
of surviving this nightmare. With a final effort of will I released
the energies fully expecting it to uselessly drizzle away completely
garbled due to the interruptions of the physical attacks. In awe and
wonder I saw all three of their minds cloud over and there they stood,
towering over me, my blood dripping from their claws and fangs.
Immobilized. Helpless. I was alive!

Out of the corner of my eye I saw the monks running over. I screamed
at them to stop, not to touch the beasts. If any of them were woken
they would sense the critical physical weakness in me and almost
certainly succeed in killing me. The damage was extensive. I could
barely stand. I quickly went into meditation memorizing the spell to
shield myself once again in runes. Hurriedly I cast the spell upon
myself and mesmerized all three beasts again. Finally the druid
recovered from the shock and managed to heal me. Miraculously my
wounds closed and my pulse strengthened. Renewed we launched into a
battle with the remaining three and they were easily disposed.

The day's events left me shaken and exhilerated at the same time. Sad
for the cleric and yet glad to be alive. Truly a fulfilling
experience.

I hope you enjoyed my tale and learned from it. To those still
learning, as I am, I urge you to explore all facets of your abilities.
Use all of your powers and revel in the tactics and techniques
available to you as an enchanter. Enrich your life and the lives of
those around you. Experience it all, do it all, live it all.

Enchant.

Londriel


