From -358023483396982647
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,cf9189c5e3b69f00
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-21 19:05:02 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeed.berkeley.edu!ucberkeley!enews.sgi.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: I've quit this rotten, pile-of-shit game...
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <23rnqts9vpj1cbqe1p1v1l5jshlg2c4mjs@4ax.com>
References: <3babd8e4.1246613@news>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 168
Date: Sat, 22 Sep 2001 02:05:01 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1001124301 24.3.225.40 (Fri, 21 Sep 2001 19:05:01 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 21 Sep 2001 19:05:01 PDT
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:120044

On Sat, 22 Sep 2001 00:20:37 GMT, traciiloures@home.com (Tracii
Loures) wrote:

>
>...and unless you enjoy being continually abused by Verant, you should
>too. 
>
>First of all, this is not a troll.  This is my farewell forever to EQ.
>Of course, a lot of you out there are already saying, "Good,
>one less person camping <insert item here>."  That's fine.
>Even if you have no interest in what I've written here, I urge
>you to skip down to the section "Taken from lumthemad.net"
>for an interesting little bit from the CEO of Sony Online 
>Entertainment (eg. Verant's parent company), Kelly Flock.

Well I've quit EQ several times, the thing that keeps getting me to
come back is that nothing else even EQUALS it let alone EXCEEDS it.
Tried AO and though it has pretty much no downtime it has horrible
graphic and memory requirements due to horribly making the decision to
give players a nearly infinite amount of possible texture
combinations. Worse than that though is that once you get by the bugs
and system requirements you find there is absolutely zero content in
the game and all you do is group for xp then go and run through a
mission getting you new armor, then you go group some more than the
mission again. There are no npcs or no quests, just those goofy
mission booths you camp. I actually want a game with MORE content than
EQ, not LESS.


>The decision to leave has been too long in coming, but I finally
>regained my sanity and realized that Everquest is a terrible game and
>the designers should be horse-whipped. 

I realized that long ago, I mean the terrible game part. Really
instead of terrible I'd say a "very limited game with too much
downtime." I don't think the designers should be horse whipped but
rather that they should be forced to actually play it as a newbie and
take 2 hours to get to some other area. I always like how everytime
you mention something like that the verant responder always says "many
people here play too.. some guy over here plays" but I have never once
heard "I play a lot, my character that I got to level 60" etc from
anyone who actually designed the thing including Brad McQuaid.


>The amount of time required to
>make progress (level, aquire good equipment, etc.) past level 44 is
>staggering, to say the least. 

I'd up that to 51. Up to 50 the game was cake, it only took me as long
to get 50 as it did since I was stopping to smell the roses a lot
since there was no sense of urgency and it was really pretty easy
(except for downtime, which I did not like so much) 51 plus though the
bad parts like downtime and xp loss were multiplied by factors of like
100 while xp gain was reduced by a factor of like 100. On my druid I
never had an xp res death before level 51, I never felt like I had to.


>I mean, don't get me wrong, I'm all for
>losing myself in a good game; but this game is quite simply
>over-the-top in its time requirements. Honestly, anyone who spends 40+
>hours a week playing a video game should have their friggin head
>examined. 

I disagree, I think if the game is fun and not frustrating that it
makes as much sense doing it as anything else. Some people watch tv
for 40 hours a week which is not even active AT ALL. At least playing
a video game is preferrable to just sitting and watching to me.


>Don't kid yourself, it's an addiction and should be treated
>as such. As if that weren't bad enough, Verant's treatment of their
>customer base is nothing short of ABUSIVE! 

I honestly see verant as being more ignorant than abusive. They
honestly don't know how bad some areas of the game are and sometimes
players convince them to make changes after a year or so. 
The "abuse" is probably perceived because frankly they can't afford to
have much CS and some volunteer kid lying about his age and putting in
his 10 hours a week to get EQ for free is probably not anyone's best
idea as your first stop to customer service. I'd rather pay as much as
20 bucks a month and have full time quality CS people.. or Id rather
have the game made so that CS was not required. 

From what I've seen in EQ's current state 95 percent of gm petitions
stem from either a non valid death where the person lost xp or a
contested spawn. Both of which exist due to problems with design. 
The non valid death petition only exists because there is such a hefty
penalty for dying while the consted spawn petition exists due to
static spawns with static rare loot which are a very limited resource.
One thing great about AO was that since I could go "save" after
getting some xp I never petitioned about a bug death once since I
never felt the need. I also never petitioned about someone killing
something near me since I never felt the need. I only petitioned in AO
when I was stuck and its a good thing the problem solved itself since
frankly I never heard a reply to such a petition, EVER, at least in EQ
you get a reply most of the time.

Once again you can see a pattern, as with other things everyone SAYS
they'd do CS better than Verant but so far no one HAS. 


>Most people are aware of
>this, but don't seem to mind grabbing their ankles so long as they get
>their fix. Well, I for one am mercifully free of this crap and I will
>NEVER again let myself get drawn into a game (or anything else) that
>requires you sideline everything else in your life. I leave you all
>with a little tid-bit I copied from Lum's website (lumthemad.net).
>Just a little insight into the sort of people that create and control
>EverQrack.  Suffice it to say, I will never purchase or own 
>another Verant product again.
>
>
>Farewall,
>Tracii Loures
>Former denizen of Rallos Zek

Later, have fun in your next addiction. Honestly though I think the
best product from verant may be the upcoming planetside since it
passes several verant bad design tests:

1) you don't level or gain skills, so you just die and get back into
it. Due to this you reduce the CS requests by about 90 percent right
off the bat.

2) equipment does not sound like it matters much, in fact if you die
you pop up at your base with minimum equipment and get back into it. 

3) its something new, the first persistant world FPS, think tribes etc
but on a much larger scale.

I think its really the right game for verant because there is just not
that much they could screw up.


>-------------Taken from lumthemad.net---------------
>The UK version of Edge magazine has a look inside Sony Online
>Enterainment, as well as some words from their CEO, Kelly Flock, and
>boy did he have a few things to say.

Stuff cut.

>When asked if he takes into account consumer input Flock is
>dismissive, relying instead on the expertise of his staff. "No, we
>never talk to consumers they just fuck us up. Someone asked for a copy
>of our market research which made us take the decision to do
>EverQuest. I said we hadn't done any market research. Had we done, the
>game would never have been made. We never focus on them. Gamers don't
>know what they want. We just want to know if they have a valid credit
>card." 

I very very much extremely doubt if he really said that. I'd look for
that magazine to get sued. I can't see anyone in the game industry
saying that since gamers know exactly what they want which has been
proven again and again. If he really said that good luck him getting a
job since that is some real bad PR ;)


>Well, hell. This explains a lot, doesn't it? No wonder customer
>service has sucked harder than a Vegas prostitute with an Electrolux
>attachment; the CEO of the bloody place thinks that we the customers
>will only fuck them up. 
>
>Er... Smed? Smed? You wanna try and explain this to us in a way that
>us silly shits can understand? 

Actually its the best CS in the genre, name an MMORPG with better CS.

ydstephen@yhome.ycom   remove y's


