From 379833121499975040
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4853966125e1fddf,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-04-11 04:55:16 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Quad University
Date: Thu, 11 Apr 2002 07:52:26 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3CB578FA.979556D8@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 69
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:185145

Well, now that I'm a super-duper ultimate expert on quad kiting, I
thought I would share what I've learned.

or.......

Ok. Fact is, I've yet to pull off one single "clean" quad kill. This is
a lot harder than the textbook studies at Graffe's would lead one to
believe.

I finally got my Staff of Temperate Flux and figured that now I should
be an uber-quadding master. By simply arriving at my favorite hunting
area and waving it around, sets of four mobs would no doubt come running
to line up in order for me to slay them.

*sigh*

I've gotten pretty good at pulling them with the staff and running
circles to get them into a nice tight pack, but once the run/nuke stuff
starts, it can go to hell in a handbasket pretty fast.

Some lessons learned. 
*Always* stay in distant 3rd person view during the quad. Switching back
and forth to first person view for steering in tight areas can be
lethal.

You really do have to keep an eye on how much damage each mob takes
during each AoE blast. There can be many partial resists, and the mobs
that take less damage will be running faster towards the end of the
pull. If you happen to have one of the full damage mobs targetted while
judging the distance for when to stop for your next cast..... well,
let's just say I found out that three angry crag spiders can kill a
wizard pretty effectively even if you *do* have fucking j-boots.

Mobs that go into "death march" mode (i.e. they don't die on the "last
blast" but instead start milling about hoping to escape) don't all go in
the same direction. Even if I did manage to get them all into "running
away" mode on the same cast, they were scattered out too much for me to
hit them all with one final AoE. Thus, I was sent running around like a
farmers wife chasing mice with a broom trying to "clean them up" with
single small nukes. Very embarassing. I take it this is because I don't
have my snare yet?

VERY often you can get up to three that are in death march mode, while
one who resisted you too much is still chasing you down, hell bent on
destruction. By the time you kill him off, the others are a scattered
mess. Again, lack of snare I presume?

I was just SOOOOOO looking forward to seeing that wonderful set of
messages,
You have slain a Crag Spider!
You gain experience!
You have slain a Crag Spider!
You gain experience!
You have slain a Crag Spider!
You gain experience!
You have slain a Crag Spider!
You gain experience!

Haven't managed it yet. Best I've done on a "clean multiple kill" is
two. Several where there were three but I had to kill the third with a
single shot DD. Never got close to getting all four to go down at once.
This shit is harder than it looks. As always, any tips appreciated.

-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"The way I see it, every once in a while everybody's got to take a
beating."
- Henry Hill


