From -5043526900293523629
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,af57b6fb70126362
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-09-13 15:16:32 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!nntp.cs.ubc.ca!nntp-relay.ihug.net!ihug.co.nz!dfw3-feed1.news.algx.net!ord2-feed1.news.algx.net!allegiance!nntp2.aus1.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!nntp3.aus1.giganews.com!bin2.nnrp.aus1.giganews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Dennis Francis Heffernan <hefferman@comcast.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Terroism: Pointless or Ineffective?
Message-ID: <rvm4ous7e4f4h85iq9g3ohnocmbjq79bn0@4ax.com>
References: <ssjvnu42rvaabsg475u4cs9aemhls3824h@4ax.com> <20020912010016544+0100@shrike.local.> <d5ovnu067pkb91i0r0p12ustv2dnkhr2sd@4ax.com> <o1ovnuciaosqirgk3h4mq49dk5muk1bort@4ax.com> <alop28$r7k$1@woodrow.ucdavis.edu> <aloq3n$thn$1@bunyip.cc.uq.edu.au> <3d803ea6.162165647@news-server.houston.rr.com> <bi11oug0mr80kp5hrdao9gm56s4pt22tme@4ax.com> <eja1ous3s96colgf89nv6q8k5ferlnoi72@4ax.com> <iXjg9.28062$_l1.80535@news-server.bigpond.net.au>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-GC-Trace: gv1-izwUkyF8MGT53KHG1LC0n8uLO1ZPx2/nPV/cw==
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2002 17:16:15 CDT
Organization: Giganews.Com - Premium News Outsourcing
Lines: 230
X-Trace: sv3-oecK8LYEGEELbCkoIhRIexVMboRTPGWsvxfUAjwlrRNnPbucLzweR2IDYW1NLgZVvQgSDiOVYO3jNpB!Pj7RbXSltlJTFhhIcyprepzsmlK7Pz64LvhESNrj4u+fM5lzg2yYsHKDdkT0SkwzAr92PGSDoXdA!AtpmHqrnPtKsPro+FA==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Date: Fri, 13 Sep 2002 22:16:15 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:230794

	Title changed due to thread drift.

On Fri, 13 Sep 2002 11:26:06 GMT, "Rastus" <zzrhardy@bigpond.net.au> wrote:

|> |You don't want to attack Iraq without at least tacit consent from the
|> |world.
|>
|> Why not?
|
|And up to now you have sounded intelligent Dennis...

	That's not an answer.

|No. It is that the enemy with <nothing to lose> is the most dangerous.

	Until he's dead, and then he ceases to be dangerous.
 
|The more you have to to lose, the more vulnerable you are to the boxcutter set.
|What are you going to do? Kill them?

	Yes.  All of them, if necessary.

	I would be more than willing to make a desert and call it peace, if I
thought the threat warrented such.  But I can't imagine any nation on earth
posing such a threat.  Arab terrorists are so far from that level of danger
that it would take the light from there a century to reach them.


|Hello? Sesame street today is brought to you by the term "assymetrical warfare"...

	Asymmetrical warfare is my favorite kind -- my enemy should suffer far,
far more casualties than I do.

|> We can annihilate nations in 20 minutes.
|
|And yet still fail to comprehend why you shouldn't. That is what has both
|friend and foe nervous.

	There is no reason not to, except for those enemies who can retaliate in
fashion.  There is an incentive not to, which is that it would be expensive
and bad for business.

|You won't be able to stop there. Do that and the entire world and your own
|people will be justly be against you because will be <become> the monster
|that we already fear.

	No.  No one in the world is going to go to the wall for the Mideast.
(Especially if they get a cut of the hypothetically-vacated oil fields.)

|The only way to remove terrorism is to remove hatred.

	Terrorism, like all other forms of warfare, is not about: hatred,
religion, ideology, patriotism, bloodlust, sadism, racism or any other such
concept.  It is about money and power.  Invididual terrorists may be motivated
by such things, but the forces behind them, those that fund and protect them
and make them at all a serious threat, are not.

|In other words, it can't be stopped, it can only be controlled, and not with
|guns but with actions.

	Short of genocide (which I, again, would happily engage in if I thought it
necessary), it can't be controlled, either.

	I certainly hope you are not suggesting that we need to seriously consider
the demands of terrorists.  No nation can ever capitulate to terrorists, not
ever, not once.  Pay the Danegeld, and you're never rid of the Dane.

|Arabs? Israel? You have the approval of a few overeager world leaders who
|have not even had the chance to answer to their own constituents yet.

	I don't care who we have the "approval" of, and I care even less for their
consituents.  My country does not need permission to make war upon its
enemies.

|Your keeping your theatre of operations rather naively limited there aren't you
|for a hawk?

	No.  As I said, no one is going to go to the wall for Iraq.  At the end of
the day not even the other Arab nations will.

|You can't buy peace.

	Of course you can.  OPEC has been buying peace with oil for decades.

|Didn't Vietnam teach you hawks anything?

	No, we already knew "land war in Asia" was top of the classic blunders
list.

|Yawn - the world already knows that during the process of the talks in
|question, US special forces were at the very least "sitting back" watching
|Afghani allies perform mass executions. No surprises there.

	I don't "know" that, but tell you what: granted as fact for the purposes
of debate.

	I DON'T GIVE A FUCK.

	I operate under the Modified Bigboote Principle: "it's not my damn
country".  They want to kill each other?  I'll sell both sides bullets.

	The fact is, and it seems to have sailed right by you, if America had
agreed to that treaty we would have been brought up before "international
tribunals" every damn time American troops took place in peacekeeping
operations anywhere in the world.  You don't think that Milosevic or Hussein
could have tied us up for months or years with complaint after complaint?  If
there's one thing Americans know about it's frivolous lawsuits.

	In a vain attempt to keep this vaguely on-topic for the group, here's a
bit that's gone around the net a few times lately, author unknown; it
adequately sums up the situation as far as I'm concerned.

-----
Frodo Baggins Charged With War Crimes

Frodo Baggins of Bagshot Row, Hobbiton, The Shire, Middle Earth, has been
called before the International Criminal Court to answer charges of war crimes
brought by Sauron the Dark Lord and Saruman the White in a joint filing.

Baggins refused comment on the matter from his home at Bag End, simply moaning
and holding his head. But his former valet and gardener (now mayor of
Hobbiton) Samwise Gamgee spoke with reporters from his "bit of garden," saying
that "you people ought to know better, coming here bothering my master and
trampling my taters and all. This is just about the dumbest thing I've heard
of since Master Merry and Master Pippin started up that Broadway show of
theirs. That didn't work out so well, either, but all's well as ends better,
as my Gaffer used to say." Gamgee was referring to the spectacular failure of
"Mount Doom - the Musical," which debuted on Broadway last year and closed the
same night, bankrupting its producers and principal investors Meriadoc
Brandybuck of Buckland and Peregrine Took of the Tookland, both in the Shire.

The charges brought by Sauron and Saruman are serious and were commented on at
length by the Dark Lord himself at a press conference held after he delivered
the formal papers to the Court. As a full signatory to the Court's original
charter, Sauron is legally entitled to bring charges before the Court, and the
Court's decision will be binding on Mr. Baggins, per the charter establishing
the authority of the Court over the entire world, whether the particular
defendant lives in a member country or not. The Shire has repeatedly refused
to ratify a proposal to join the Court; the proposal has languished in the
legislature, bogged down by stalling tactics employed by right-wing and
unilateralist legislators intent on blocking it. Gondor and Rohan have
likewise not joined the ICC, for similar obstructionist reasons.

"Mr.Baggins is guilty of some of the most egregious violations of
International Law as expressed in the Court's founding documents and must be
brought to answer for his inhumane actions," Sauron said from the cardboard
box behind the Emyn Muil 7-11 he's been living in since the scandalous and
irresponsible destruction of Sauron's Ruling Ring brought about the downfall
of his Empire several years ago. "He's obviously guilty of violating several
provisions of Article 8, Section 2, especially the 'outrage against personal
dignity' clause and the 'excessive incidental death, injury or damage' clause.
When the armies of the Western Alliance marched up to the Black Gate, they
were guilty of making illegal aggressive war against a sovereign nation. Our
legal team plans to bring separate suits against Aragorn son of Arathorn, the
Elfstone King Elessar of Gondor. Also King Eomer of the Riddermark and Elrond
Halfelven of Rivendell. But we chose to pursue the suit against Baggins first,
since his was the most damaging and egregious crime."

Baggins was responsible for casting the Ring of Power (otherwise known as the
One Ring or simply the One) into the fires of Mount Orodruin in Mordor ("Where
The Shadows Lie!" according to the Mordor Tourism Board), thereby destroying
both the Ring and Sauron's long-standing hope to bring heretofore fractious
and inefficient Middle Earth under the central political control of the Dark
Tower.  Without the Ring, Sauron's legions (defensive in nature and made
necessary by the Lords of the West's aggression, according to Barad-Dur
spokesmen) of orcs, wolves, trolls, and "evil" Men lost the will to fight and
became helpless in the face of the armies of the West. Millions were
slaughtered as a direct and immediate consequence of the destruction of the
Ring.

Saruman had his own comments on the charges. "The swaggering little
cock-a-whoops cast me out, forcing me to live as a beggar wandering through
the wilderness of Middle Earth. They brought their own house to ruin when they
destroyed mine, and someone has to pay for it," said Saruman, formerly known
for his sartorial finesse but now dressed only in torn, filthy rags. Saruman
is demanding the right of return to his former home at Orthanc in Isengard,
which has been occupied since the so-called "War of the Ring" by Ents, Elves,
and other folk.

Both Sauron and Saruman claim that their persecution by Baggins and the Lords
of the West is based on their religious beliefs, also clearly in violation of
Article 8. With the wanton destruction of the One Ring, Baggins also directly
and callously murdered every one of the high priests of the Dark Lord's
religious order, known collectively as the Nazgul. Saruman said that the
destruction of the pits and forges of Isengard, where he had
genetically-engineered his Fighting Uruk-Hai breed of half-orcs, half-men, was
done in blatant disregard for the religious rights of an indigenous people.
"All my Uruks wanted was the basic human right to practice their religion and
to live with their neighbors in peace," said Saruman. "But they were forcibly
removed from their homes and slaughtered like cattle by the Riders of Rohan.
It was, well, completely inhuman." Saruman then broke down in a touching
display of emotion and was tended to by his servant Wormtongue. He refused any
further comment.

Baggins was defended in a public statement released by Gandalf the Grey, a
well-known right-wing wizard and co-conspirator of Baggins himself. "Frodo
made Middle-Earth safe for democracy and now this is how he's repaid - by
facing imprisonment because of a suit brought by the very enemies of freedom!
The world's press is only humiliating themselves by siding with the Servants
of the Lidless Eye on this. They have left the path of wisdom." Gandalf's
statement was published in the National Review and certain fascist online
journals, known as "warblogs" to their purveyors and media watchdog groups.
The New York Times, Washington Post, San Francisco Chronicle, and most other
mainstream newspapers refused to publish the statement, calling it "biased and
self-serving propaganda from a known cohort of Mr. Baggins."

The suit was hailed as a major step forward in the re-establishment of the
authority of international law by progressives throughout the world. Trillions
of supporters of the suit gathered on the White House lawn (photo HERE) in the
United States this week to express their approval for the suit, and to protest
the American cowboy government's refusal to recognize the legitimacy of any
international deliberative body in even the most weakend and watered-down
form.  Several American lawyers, including Johnny Cochran, Alan Dershowitz,
and Bob Bennett, immediately expressed their intention to assist the Lord of
Barad-Dur in his attempt to bring Baggins and the others to justice.

Elrond Halfelven, when asked to comment on the matter, said merely, "F**k
this, I'm outta here," apparently declaring his intention to seek political
refuge in the Uttermost West beyond the Sundering Seas.

Baggins will be taken into custody sometime this week to await trial.

Update! In an expression of support for the Dark Lord, demonstrators in France
have burned three synagogues to the ground.


Dennis F. Heffernan      EQ: Venture Fletcher(E'ci) hefferman@comcast.net
#include <disclaim.h>      ICQ:9154048                 CompSci/Philosophy
"It's better some times if we don't get to touch our dreams."
                                                          -- Harry Chapin


