From -6959585506160680468
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,95b2d37975cc8e0c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-08-20 20:30:10 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!canoe.uoregon.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!HSNX.atgi.net!newsfeed.iinet.net.au!newsfeed.iinet.net.au!freenews.iinet.net.au!not-for-mail
From: "James Hicks" <jhicks@hiddenmail.nyer>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Kuloth's adventures in old sebilis
Date: Thu, 21 Aug 2003 13:25:40 +1000
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Lines: 124
Message-ID: <3f443b93$0$23591$5a62ac22@freenews.iinet.net.au>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 203.217.27.6
X-Trace: 1061436308 freenews.iinet.net.au 23591 203.217.27.6
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:297729

Dinged 59 a few nights ago [human sk], and although I'm itching to hit 60,
my gear is once again bothering me.

I've decided it's high time for the widebladed greatsword to go, and be
replaced with a war marshall's bladed staff. My main reason for going for
this weapon instead of a windy is that I duo with a shammy a lot, and my DPS
contribution is critical to this tiny group. I have other reasons, not the
least of which is the killer looks of this blatant naginata. [drool]

I've decided to go for that piece first, on the theory that DPS = exp + loot
whereas the other slots, if they're vaguely coping now, can be upgraded next
so we can move onto better experience and loot mobs ;) The other reason is
that the WMBS is currently going on my server for 10-15k plat, and I'm dying
to grab one before something nasty happens to the price, either from drops
being nerfed or from the 20,000 tennis racket owners realising the WMBS does
more damage ;)

Anyway, me and my shammy partner (I often question the sanity of this game,
usually when I look behind me and see that my partner in crime is a gigantic
orange frog with black spots riding a massive green lizard) made the trek
down to old seb. At the zone in we discovered there were only two other
people in the zone, and when queried, they responded that they were headed
for the zone-out. Sweet! Time to camp Guard!

We idled along letting them clear the way for us, and then I saw
invulnerable messages as they made the final dash for the zone. To my slight
alarm my shammy partner ran out ahead and dissapeared around a corner... I
followed into a horde of pissed off froggies who waited with open arms, and
itchy nuke trigger fingers. Luck was definitely not on our side. I lost
sight of poor Kremitt immediately, and, hoping the train had only agrod me,
I feigned. Success!

"I'm feigning... where are you?!"

"Get up and fight help!!!"

So I stood up and ran to the rescue...

"Stay down"

Literally 2 seconds later my froggy friend was dead. The very first cast
that landed on me dispelled my eye buff, and I fell into the chasm. Frogs
jump in after me, in the total darkness visible only by the coloured lights
trailing behind them from spells. Easily one of the most beautiful and
memorable scenes EQ has ever produced for me. I can see at least four trails
of casts - and I shudder to think how many frogs are in the water with me -
knights wouldn't be trailing anything and not all the casters would have
been visible! With so many casters on me feigning became nearly impossible,
and was a dead-end anyway - with no EB item on me and no EB spell equipped,
underwater feign death is a direct path to the real thing. A few moments
later, after a flurry of defensive skillups, I died and de-dinged back to
58.

So there we were, our corpses at the bottom of a hideous dungeon, bound many
zones away. Conveniently by the bank in PoK where I collected some cash and
grabbed some coffins for the summon. There is nothing quite like the
shammy/SK duo ;)

[extremely subtle tense-shift]

We zone back into seb, summon and 99% loot our corpses, and I make a vague
attempt to use my brain while the shammy tracks down a rez. Dropping my eye
buff in favor of a lightsource/resist gear headpiece, I cast the SK version
of dead man floating on myself, and summon jibberer.

We buff out our resistances along with the usual shammy set and start
clearing our way to Guard. I notice that mobs here, if you discount their
Annoying Caster status, which decent resists certainly help you do, can't
hold a candle to Plane of Nightmares creatures ;). They have a few more
surprises but nowhere near the firepower or hitpoints. Holding agro off the
shammy is effortless as usual, and the frogs display an almost complete
inability to do damage. This is good for me; I never really feel like im
"tanking" a mob if it's tearing through my hp bar - my idea of "tanking" is
standing there getting beat on and almost nothing happening. The shammy's
brand new canni IV and 1950 point heal are keeping the process speedy and
efficient. During the clearing process our heroic rezzer arrives and we have
to rebuff. I re-ding, am re-gratzed and re-thank everyone for the re-grats.
Resuming where we left off, we're back to the previously fatal corner when a
65 necro, spectre in tow, runs straight past us and camps guard without a
word.

Some discussion with him later, we share the camp. The necro appears to have
previously played "a drood" in a certain online comic, and warns us that
we'll "get owned" if we don't pull the scarabs right. He proceeds to
demonstrate how to separate them in a highly effective manner that ends with
all three pounding on his pet. Suitably impressed, Kremitt slows them as I
grab agro. I notice again that even with 2 or even 3 mobs on me, my hitpoint
bar, by no means uber by any 59SK's standards, travels west very very
slowly.

"haste fading" I actually almost never need to hit my haste-pest button (yes
I have a hot button for it) with Kremitt, but its a standing joke with him
that I annoy him for buff refreshes, even on group buffs whose fading he is
well aware of. We have a lot of standing jokes, having known one another for
eight years or so, and people grouping with us (we often have the largest
duo possible - full group) are frequently bewildered and/or amused by our
apparently inane banter.

"what level are you guys?" Looks like uber necro has decided we're 0wning.

The necro helpfully pulls all the way down to the golem, which drops
nothing, and then he leaves, carting off better loot after approximately
twenty minutes than I'd managed to obtain in an hour in rathe mountains the
same day. Breathing a sigh of...... lament naturally, at losing so austere a
group member, we pull a couple of froggies from behind us while waiting for
pops. I discover that Cascading Darkness is a mana-eater but burns down mobs
at an alarming pace. It's also half decent for agro, although nothing like
terror of shadows or clinging darkness for agro/mana ratio. It also has a
highly inconvenient cast time, at 59, of 5.1 seconds. In Seb that doesn't
matter a good god damn, mobs hit so rarely that channeling a 5.1 second
spell isn't a problem, but elsewhere I can see it relegated to pulling, if
that. Am looking forward to festering darkness at 61 though ;)

We do another couple of cycles, and on the first the golem drops a lammy.
Bedtime approaches though, and we stagger back 'upstairs' to pok/luclin and
discover that including the cash we had on hand left over from the Canni IV
rush, we're almost halfway to buying that WMBS.

And I had fun, which is the main thing.

cheers,
James




