From 1704643951849304916
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,f2d102db82bfb132,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-14 05:52:15 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Jakugg <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Friday's Rant
Date: Fri, 14 Sep 2001 08:49:04 -0400
Organization: Garden Gnome Liberation Front
Message-ID: <3BA1FCC0.672A580C@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 67
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:117976

I was late to work today. Not much, but a little. And
dog tired.
Why?
Was I volunteering to help disaster relief victims in
Washington? Tending to a family medical emergency?
Working on some important career or home project?

I can see, as players, you're already ROFL at those
obviously inaccurate answers. No, you're right. I was
in Ocean of Tears.  We had camped out there, and logged
in yesterday afternoon to prepare for a nice session of
hunting the seafury cyclops. I was only two blues short
of dinging 48 when we camped on Wed. so I figured I'd
make that quickly  and possibly even get our cleric out
of 45 hell.

But upon logging in and doing the inevitable "/ooc camp
check!" we found that the AC was uncamped.
/boggle
So what is one to do? You don't pass up a chance to
camp the AC with no waiting list. Right?

We took the camp. We killed the placeholders. Many of
them were cyclops who were blue, so there was some xp
coming in. But it was painfully slow with one spawn
every six minutes, and many of them being green pirates
or aquagoblins. But after an hour or two, we were
anxiously awaiting each spawn, as the AC surely had to
pop soon. Right? Right? Hello, is this on?

Other things popped. Boog Mudtoe, or whatever his name
was, popped twice in a row. It was only the second time
that I realized that I was taking Ogguk faction hits,
which is where I always bank and merchant when I'm near
Rathe. FUCK! Well, I just won't hit him anymore. The
cleric can nuke him dead in two shots anyway. But of
course, I'm standing on the spawn point and forget that
even if you don't hit him, if he attacks you, you're on
the hate list and you still take the faction hit. Two
more faction hits before I get that sorted out so it
stops. I'm probably KOS after four ogre kills. But
we're talking about me getting my Jboots. It HAD to be
worth it. And SURELY the AC simply HAS to spawn
shortly. Right? RIGHT????????????

Seven and a half long hours later, I've managed to get
four blue bubbles, (could have easily gotten two yellow
off the seafuries) somehow dinged 48, the cleric has
gotten maybe two blue. I'm passing out at my computer
even with massive caffeine inputs. We finally resign in
disgust, /tell the next people on the waiting list to
come take the camp, shut down and go to bed.

I wrote down their names so I can ask them today when
the AC spawned.  Of course, I already know it was the
next pop, but I'd rather hear it from them, just so I
can choke on my own bial a little more.

I'm like the little kid in that movie "The Matrix" all
of a sudden.

There is no AC.
--
Jakugg Blackheart, Troll Warrior of 48 Campaigns
- - - -
"There is no damn AC"



