From -2819579321240973856
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,889d4beec3088196
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-30 18:16:48 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: DAOC advantages over EQ
Date: Sun, 30 Dec 2001 18:16:45 -0800
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <s4gv2u0e01t0un1mr6bnupnaogpu9u2p79@4ax.com>
References: <de376474.0112300458.10dab1e7@posting.google.com> <SUIX7.4871$cz4.1269673057@newssvr16.news.prodigy.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 133
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:152108

"Kevin L Smolnick" <WWWKEVINWW@prodigy.net> wrote:
>1)   ability to cycle thru targets with one key, instead of just being able
>to target the nearest target with F8 in EQ.

EQ could use this.  There are actually three targeting keys in DAoC:

1. Target Enemy: cycles through nearby enemies, starting with the
nearest.

2. Target Friend: cycles through nearby friends, starting with self.

3. Target Other: cycles through targetable things that aren't friends
or enemies (e.g., dropped loot, gravestones), starting with the
nearest.

>2)  ability to cast more than 8 spells!!!  although the spells are not as
>numerous, the ones you can cast don't have to be siphoned thru 8 spell
>slots. ( please sign the petition to help change this for EQ)

This is very unlikely to happen in EQ.  Best we can hope for is some
kind of auto-mem facility, so we can more easily switch between sets
of spells (but this would take the same amount of time as doing it
manually...it would just be a convenience).

The reason for this is that the limitation of 8 spells ready at once
is part of the EQ balance, and so too many things would have to be
redisigned if they changed it.  For example, as a 52 Wizard in EQ,
I've got the following spells that I would *like* to have memmed at
all times during combat.  I'll include spells that are available at my
level but that I haven't managed to obtain yet.

NOTE that I'm limiting myself to spells that I might cast *during* a
fight.  I've probably missed some, too.

1. Gate
2. Evac
3. Harvest (10 minute recycle time, so can't just mem it when needed
and forget it)
4. Ice Comet (my most mana-efficient cold-based nuke)
5. Draught of Fire (my most mana-efficient fire-based nuke)
6. Lure of Frost (my only ice-based lure)
7. Rend (my most mana-efficient magic-based nuke)
8. Supernova (big PB AoE for certain emergencies)
9. Pillar of Frost (my best targeted AoE)
10. A good rain-type AoE (Tears of Druzzil?  Haven't acquired it yet,
so am not sure this is the one) (Why do I want this?  A rain-type AoE
can be used on a single target, hitting it multiple times.  When in a
group, so the target is being kept in place so that a rain will work
this way, this can be more mana efficient than my regular nukes)
11. Tishan's Discord (my longest stun)
12. Tishan's Clash (my other stun...can alternate the two to keep the
mob stunned more)
13. Concussion.
14. at least one smaller nuke, for finishing things that are very low
on hitpoints.
15. Root.
16. Atol's Spectral Shackles.
17. Bonds of Force (less resists than Atol's)

Look at that.  17 spells.  Having to limit myself to 8 definitely
reduces my power during combat.  Therefore, if they raised the limit,
they would be raising my power, and so would have to do a lot of
rebalancing.

>3)  superior combat and visualized combat for tanks.  You can decide
>different attacks that accomplish different things, making fighting a little
>more tactical.

For those who haven't tried DAoC, he's talking about "combat styles".
You hotkey one of your styles, and at the appropriate time, hit that
key, and your next swing will try to use that style.  Styles affect
things like your chance of hitting, damage done, aggro, etc., and
lower your endurance some, and are accomanied with cool animations.

Some styles you can use any time, such as when you need to take down a
mob fast...just use the style on every swing, although you will
quickly run out of endurance that way.

Other styles have openings.  The opening for backstab, for example,
would be a swing that hits the mob in the back, so if your next swing
is going to be from the back, you could hit the backstab style to turn
it into a backstab.  (If the swing ends up not from the back, it will
be an ordinary swing, but will still cost the extra endurance).  Some
style's openings are things that occur during a fight, such as a block
or a parry or a miss.  E.g., there might be a style that is only good
right after the enemy blocks you, so you would watch the combat text
looking for a block (or listening...you can hear a block), and then
you could hit that style.  The most intersting opening is a previous
style.  There are chains, where the opening for one style is the
successful use of a specific other style on the previous swing.

>4) when logging on, you can log on decidedly faster, and also pick a char
>right from the opening screen if the char is already created.

Didn't they add something like this with SoL?

>5) guild system is more advanced / customizable.  Each guild structure can
>be unique, and titles and priviledges can vary greatly.  Appeared to have a
>guild bank either in place or prepared to be in place in the future.  (For
>instance you could have a slot for people wanting to be members who could
>only hear guild talk, but couldn't talk in it. )

Guilds have two chat channels in DAoC, one for members and one for
officers.  Guilds have 10 ranks of membership.  You can set for each
rank whether or not members of that rank can do the following (going
from memory here):

1. Have the guild tag.
2. Wear the guild emblem.
3. Invite or remove members of lower rank.
4. Promote or demote members of lower rank.
5. Read guild chat.
6. Write guild chat. (I think write implies read).
7. Read officer chat.
8. Write officer chat.

Some of these would be nice for EQ, but remember, DAoC is aiming
toward large scale RvR combat...it is more likely a guild in DAoC
would want or need a multi-level organization.  In EQ, just adding a
separate guild officer chat would probably be good enough.  The
ability to have someone in the guild without allowing them to have the
guild tag would be nice, too, I suppose...if your guild has a
probationary period to check out new members, might as well keep the
tag off them.

Speaking of chat channels, DAoC has chat groups.  "/cg invite Soandso"
invites Soandso into a chat group.  You can be in a chat group in
addition to being in a normal group for XP.  You don't have to be near
someone to invite them into a chat group.  When playing at the same
time as friends, but not grouping with them, you can form a chat group
to talk to them.  Chat groups would be a useful addition to EQ.

--Tim Smith


