From -6709649638244262846
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4675293d188b201e
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-24 07:15:24 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <fa07fe87e26a791e24321245874e8a6b@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!fu-berlin.de!peer01.cox.net!cox.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Fri, 24 Oct 2003 14:11:36 GMT
Lines: 255
From: "Graefaxe" <Graefaxe@hotZZZmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <a699pvcs2b3qlvoreu61psacljgpg72ejm@4ax.com> <Xns941B4760E4AFFrichardrapiernetscap@130.133.1.4> <KLadnUIvY-xF-wiiRVn-jw@comcast.com> <ju7bpv08osbdvjh6fefn14u52chmgc1qkb@4ax.com> <AO6dnenRgbb0hAuiRVn-sg@comcast.com> <lt8dpvged6u2b56hfgoth5iji619iblug3@4ax.com> <Xns941D6D5B3B72Ahostlbuddhapostmaste@130.133.1.4> <1bb05beddacfac3a70d099e5efd44414@news.teranews.com> <ig9gpv8egv9bfd19ajuj7duemtm4boi6os@4ax.com> <dc460371b88f7f87f688478568c0e0e0@news.teranews.com> <p0vhpvcui3t46qe4iibfrc06m9e0r1qi9h@4ax.com> <272b8044454959f02862f128597d6577@news.teranews.com>
Subject: Re: EverChad
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4807.1700
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4807.1700
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:4247


"Graefaxe" <Graefaxe@hotZZZmail.com> wrote in message
news:272b8044454959f02862f128597d6577@news.teranews.com...
:
: "Robb Nunya" <robb969@hotmail.com> wrote in message
: news:p0vhpvcui3t46qe4iibfrc06m9e0r1qi9h@4ax.com...
: :
: : So a Lie to congress under oath is unimportant to you. And please show
: : me 1 Lie (I want a cite now... don't just make something up) that Bush
: : has made.
: :
:
: "When the Nation goes to war, the people deserve the truth."  He has yet
to
: tell the truth about the real reasons for going to war.  Oh, he may have
: told the Haliburton executives that are making out like bandits (as are
the
: Veep and the Bush Klan).
:
: You may want to read http://www.spinsanity.org/.

From that site, here's an example of tuely "Fair and Balanced" reportage...

Did the President tell the truth in the State of the Union?

At this point, the answer is simply unclear. First, let's review what
President Bush actually said: "The British government has learned that
Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from
Africa." Many have criticized the president because it appears that this
statement originated with forged documents indicating Iraq attempted to
obtain uranium from Niger. The International Atomic Energy Agency revealed
in March 2003 that these documents were phony. Since then, we have learned
that the Bush administration had previously heard from multiple sources who
questioned those claims, including an investigation by former Ambassador
Joseph Wilson and doubts raised by the State Department and CIA.

News reports based on interviews with administration officials and
Congressional testimony have indicated that the sourcing of the claim to
British intelligence and the broader citation of Africa, rather than Niger,
originated with a conversation between Alan Foley, a CIA official, and a
National Security Council staffer named Robert G. Joseph reviewing a draft
of the speech. Foley reportedly objected to a claim in the draft stating
that Iraq had attempted to obtain uranium from Niger, apparently based
largely on the discredited documents. Joseph is then said to have proposed
citing published British intelligence claims about alleged Iraqi attempts to
obtain uranium in Africa, rather than from Niger specifically, and the
speech was revised accordingly. (Joseph has denied doing so through third
parties.)

The Bush administration has since said that the statement, based as it was
on an unverified claim from another country's intelligence service, "did not
rise to the level of certainty which should be required for Presidential
speeches," in the words of CIA director George Tenet (who accepted some
responsibility for allowing the error to be included in the speech).
However, Vice President Dick Cheney, Tenet and others have also maintained
that the statement is factually correct since it is sourced to the British
government, which stands behind the claim, asserting that its intelligence
is not based on the forged Niger documents. British Foreign Secretary Jack
Straw recently stated that "the dossier's statement was based on reliable
intelligence which we had not shared with the U.S." He added that "the JIC's
(Joint Intelligence Committee) assessment of Iraq's efforts to reconstitute
its nuclear program did not rest on the attempted acquisition of yellowcake
alone." Only if and when we find out whether the British intelligence was
factual will we know whether President Bush's statement was accurate.

It is true, as some critics point out, that the phrase "British intelligence
has learned" implies certainty that the claim is true. In this regard, the
President's statement was indisputably misleading given the lack of
confidence within and outside the US government about the accuracy of the
claim. However, since the British intelligence is still secret, we simply
can't know whether there is other evidence indicating that Iraq attempted to
obtain uranium from Niger or other African countries.

Have President Bush's critics and news reports on the controversy been fair
and accurate?

Many have not, going beyond what is actually known to make false or
misleading claims about the President's statement.

As we previously observed, the Democratic National Committee is running an
ad saying that what Bush said was "proven to be false." Moreover, the ad
simply omits the portion of the President's statement citing the British,
pretending that the revelations about Niger have fully discredited his
claim.

A number of commentators and political figures have similarly distorted the
truth in describing the controversy. The hit parade of those who have called
the claim false without proof, implied that British intelligence was based
on the Niger documents, or both includes a large number of prominent
commentators from the national media (note - much of this list was assembled
by Bob Somerby in recent Daily Howler columns):
-Los Angeles Times columnist Robert Scheer wrote in a July 8 column that
"What the President did not say was that the British were relying on their
intelligence white paper, which was based on the same false information that
Wilson and the US ambassador to Niger had already debunked."
-CNN "Crossfire" co-host Paul Begala claimed the administration "knew" the
information about Iraq seeking uranium from Africa "was false when Mr. Bush
made that claim in his State of the Union address" on July 9. He then called
it a "false claim" on July 11 and 14 and a "false statement" on July 18.
-Slate columnist Tim Noah wrote that Bush "stated the Niger connection as
fact in this year's State of the Union address" on July 10.
-MSNBC "Buchanan & Press" co-host Bill Press called it a "false statement in
the State of the Union about Iraq trying to buy uranium from Niger" on July
11.
-Democratic presidential contender Howard Dean, the former governor of
Vermont, slammed "the insertion of false information in the speech" on NBC's
"Saturday Today" on July 12.
-A July 12 New York Times editorial called it a "false accusation."
-MSNBC "Hardball" host Chris Matthews said on his July 14 show that "When
President Bush saw on his script-in his speech for the State of the
Union-that Iraq had attempted or had, in fact, bought nuclear materials from
the governor of Niger in Africa, did he ask anybody how do we know this?"
-On July 15, Noah described Bush's claim as being "based almost entirely on
documents that the CIA and the White House knew to be false."
-New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof wrote on the same day about the
"Niger uranium hoax in the State of the Union address" as if Bush had
directly cited Niger.
-Washington Post columnist Harold Meyerson bashed "the president's baseless
assertion in his State of the Union address that Iraq had sought to acquire
"yellowcake" uranium from Niger" on July 17.
-Post columnist William Raspberry attacked a straw man on July 21,
condemning a "falsehood about uranium purchases from Niger" in Bush's
speech.
-On the same day, Time columnist Joe Klein railed at Bush for a "false claim
in his State of the Union message that Iraq had recently sought to buy
uranium in Africa."
-In a Hearst Newspapers column first published on July 26, Helen Thomas
described Bush's statement as a "bogus uranium report" and stated that it
was based on a "crude forgery."

In addition, many reporters and news organizations have claimed that the
President's statement was inaccurate, demonstrating a characteristic rush to
judgment on information that has not been proven to be true or false:
-"CBS Evening News" host John Roberts summarized the controversy on July 10
as "President Bush's false claim about Iraqi weapons; he made it despite a
CIA warning the intelligence was bad." The "false claim" description was
repeated by CBS reporter David Martin on the July 10 broadcast, CBS
"Saturday Early Show" correspondent Mark Knoller on July 12 and "CBS Morning
News" anchor Melissa McDermott on July 15.
-ABC "World News Tonight" anchor Peter Jennings called Bush's statement
"false claims" and reporter Martha Raddatz called it "false information" on
July 11.
-CNN "Newsnight" host Daryn Kagan called it a "false claim" on July 11, as
did CNN anchor Anderson Cooper and PBS "Newshour" host Ray Suarez.
-The Chicago Tribune also called it a "false claim" and an "erroneous claim"
on July 12, stating that "Bush cited the supposed attempt to buy uranium
from the African nation of Niger as part of his depiction of Iraq as a major
threat to the United States."
-The New York Daily News called it a "false claim" on July 12 , as did NBC
"Saturday Today" co-host Kelly O'Donnell on July 12 and the Christian
Science Monitor on July 14 and 17.
-National Public Radio "All Things Considered" host Steve Inskeep said Bush
"made what turned out to be false statements" on July 13.
-A July 13 cover story in Time Magazine describes Bush's claim as a "false
assertion," as did a July 12 Knight Ridder story and a July 20 report in the
Washington Times.
-The Associated Press called it a "false assertion" and "false information"
in separate stories on July 16.
-NBC "Today" anchor Ann Curry and NBC "Saturday Today" anchor Carl
Quintanilla called it a "false statement" on July 17 and 19, respectively.
-On July 22, an error-plagued MSNBC report described "intelligence claims
that Iraq was seeking to buy uranium in Africa" as "an allegation since
proven false that President Bush trumpeted in his State of the Union address
three months later." The story includes a graphic that describes Bush's
statement as a "false claim in his State of the Union speech that Iraq tried
to buy uranium in Africa" and states that "his claim about Saddam Hussein's
efforts to purchase nuclear materials from Niger [was] based on false
information."
-A July 23 report in the New York Daily News called it a "false claim."
-Somerby also notes a July 24 Washington Post Style piece that claims the
president used "incorrect information about Iraq in his State of the Union
address."

Have Bush and his aides been honest in their defense?

The White House's response to these charges has been inconsistent and
frequently disingenuous. Former press secretary Ari Fleischer originally
stated that the statement was "based and predicated on the yellow cake from
Niger," but then contradicted that claim by asserting that the President's
statement was based on "additional reporting from the CIA, separate and
apart from Niger, naming other countries where they believed it was possible
that Saddam was seeking uranium." In addition, Fleischer and Rice denied
White House knowledge of questions about the evidence against the Niger
claim, but evidence has since emerged documenting that such evidence had
been provided -- principally, Deputy National Security Advisor Stephen
Hadley's admission that he received two CIA memos and a phone call from
Tenet about the issue prior to Bush's October 2002 speech about Iraq in
Cincinnati, which were ultimately successful in persuading him to remove a
statement from the text alleging Iraqi efforts to obtain uranium from Niger.

Furthermore, National Security Advisor Condoleeza Rice has dissembled about
the intelligence debate that took place over the claims Iraq attempted to
obtain uranium from Africa. As the Washington Post observed on July 26, Rice
said on July 11 that, ""[W]hat INR [the State Department's Bureau of
Intelligence and Research] did not take a footnote to is the consensus view
that the Iraqis were actively trying to pursue a nuclear weapons program,
reconstituting and so forth." She was referring to the National Intelligence
Estimate [NIE], an October document that combined all of the government's
intelligence on Iraq into a single prewar assessment of its weapons
programs. However, as the Post points out, in its key judgments as described
in the NIE, the INR said the government was "lacking persuasive evidence
that Baghdad has launched a coherent effort to reconstitute its nuclear
weapons program."

And finally, in a briefing with the press following a meeting with United
Nations Secretary General Kofi Annan on July 14, Bush said the following in
an attempt to divert the issue from Iraq and Niger: "The larger point is,
and the fundamental question is, did Saddam Hussein have a weapons program?
And the answer is, absolutely. And we gave him a chance to allow the
inspectors in, and he wouldn't let them in." As many have pointed out, this
is blatantly untrue. Saddam did let UN weapons inspectors into Iraq in late
2002 and they remained there until soon before the war began. The
administration disputed the Iraqi regime's cooperation with the inspectors
and its compliance with its commitments to disarm, not its willingness to
admit inspectors.

Have some defenders of the President crossed the line in their efforts to
fend off critics?

Several have done exactly that. Syndicated columnist Frank J. Gaffney Jr.
was first, asserting that those criticizing the President on this issue are
supporting Saddam Hussein, perhaps intentionally. "Somewhere, probably in
Iraq, Saddam Hussein is gloating. He can only be gratified by the feeding
frenzy of recriminations, second-guessing and political power-plays that are
currently assailing his nemeses: President George W. Bush and British Prime
Minister Tony Blair." At the end of his piece, he reiterates this point,
stating, "Scurrilous attacks on George W. Bush's case for war may gratify
his partisan foes even as they make Saddam Hussein's day." This is a
gruesome attempt to connect legitimate democratic debate with the agenda of
an enemy of the United States.

New York Times columnist William Safire also accused critics of the
President of supporting Saddam. In a list of details of what he supposes to
be the deposed leader's current strategy, Safire includes the nasty claim
that:

He [Saddam] presumes that British and American journalists, after the
obligatory mention that the world is better off with Saddam gone, would - by
their investigative and oppositionist nature - sustain the credibility
firestorm. By insisting that Bush deliberately lied about his reasons for
pre-emption, and gave no thought to the cost of occupation, critics would
erode his poll support and encourage political opponents - eager to portray
victory as defeat -to put forward a leave-Iraq-to-the-Iraqis candidate.
Most recently, in a column in Washington's The Hill newspaper, columnist
Dick Morris claims the media is harping on the story in an attempt to
distract the nation from the war on terrorism. "Having sought to distract
the nation from its unity of purpose in opposing terror ever since Sept. 11,
our pernicious national media have, at last, found traction in the
accusation that we were misled by accusations that Saddam was harboring
weapons of mass destruction."







