From -4849609088570702026
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c802b84491dd43c1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-12-23 08:47:59 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!newsfeed2.dallas1.level3.net!news.level3.com!crtntx1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!newsfeed1.easynews.com!easynews.com!easynews!easynews-local!news.easynews.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: Lewzephyr <lewiszephyr@clotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Upcoming Updates January and beyond
Message-ID: <kdsguvggm0ifa1p0do49lhotclcohcqbko@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.91/32.564
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 62
X-Complaints-To: abuse@easynews.com
Organization: EasyNews, UseNet made Easy!
X-Complaints-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly.
Date: Tue, 23 Dec 2003 16:47:58 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:13054

http://eqlive.station.sony.com/updates/upcoming_updates.jsp

January and Beyond
Upcoming for January and February 2004

We want to wish everyone a happy holiday season and thank you for
continuing to be a part of EverQuest.  We have some exciting times
ahead with our 7th expansion in the works, www.gatesofdiscord.com, and
there are many more exciting things to come.  Here are a few of the
new features on the EQ team's large and busy schedule.

 Melee Enhancement, part 2

Melee classes are currently enjoying the first part of the improved
Melee system and the feedback we are receiving has been great.  Early
in 2004 we plan to move forward with the rest of the melee
enhancement, the reaction abilities.  The enhancement gives Monks,
Rogues and Warriors the ability to use special skills in response to a
mistake made by their opponent or an exceptional move of their own.
This enhancement will be in addition to the existing system, allowing
players to use the skills for more involved game-play and to improve
the abilities of their characters.
 
A more detailed explanation and the transcript of a chat with the EQ
Live team about the system can be found on the Developers Corner.

Graveyard Zone

Tired of losing your corpse?  The current EQ system removes corpses
from the game after a week to reduce clutter and potential video lag.
But we know there are times when your character dies and you just
can't get it right away.  Next thing you know a day turns into a week
and BAM!  Your corpse is gone.  Since we can't leave the corpses
sitting in game indefinitely, some inventive folks here have come up
with another option.

We plan to create a "graveyard" zone that will only work if your
corpse has decayed and disappeared.  If you have lost your corpse due
to decay in other parts of Norrath, you will be allowed to enter this
zone and reclaim it.

Tradeskill Interface Upgrade

 Tired of all the clicking and dragging needed just to make a type 1
wood arrow?  We know that the current tradeskill interface is
cumbersome, so the UI guys have come up with some new ideas.

Opening a tradeskill container will now open a new user interface.  In
the window you will find an area that has all recipes that are
currently available to you.  This includes recipes that are at your
skill level as well as some above it.  Clicking on a recipe will
display what items are necessary for its completion.  Clicking the
"combine" button will extract those required items from the player's
inventory, and perform the recipe combine, placing the results on the
player's cursor.  The new system is nice and neat, with no dragging
and dropping unless you want to try a combine that is way out of your
league, which uses the old style of combination.

These are just a few of the things slated to come out of the EQ Live
laboratory.  Watch for other exciting announcements in the weeks
ahead.



