From -5378003960539722802
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9e2fe930581c4aff,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-04 04:54:39 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <c0d654294a48442bdb84d2ec44f65cd1@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!in.100proofnews.com!in.100proofnews.com!cycny01.gnilink.net!cyclone1.gnilink.net!peer01.cox.net!cox.net!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Tue, 04 Nov 2003 12:49:51 GMT
Lines: 145
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 12: Darkness and Light
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:5721

Chapter 12: Darkness and Light

The departure of their apostle gave the priests of Tunare a small break 
from their normal bickering and arguing about the coming of the dark 
ages and the sins of the local tavern, Tovonia's Venom, next door. Young 
Loral had been with them for seven years, having come to them as an 
orphan at the age of 10. They knew he wouldn't stay with them forever. 
His path led out into the world of Norrath, spreading the word of 
Tunare. The young lad had the sparkle of adventure in his eyes, and it 
was hard not to feel the same wanderlust when looking at his shining 
dwarven mail tunic and his worn leather backpack, gifts from the 
mysterious Ciric Azilebane. Yeolarn Bronzeleaf smiled at Loral as he 
shook his hand and bowed to the young adventurer, but inside his heart 
sank. The world held dangers that many couldn't even comprehend, much 
less survive. He gave Loral one chance in five of returning to them 
alive. Allia Moondancer, Loral's teacher of the arts, gave Loral a kiss 
on the cheek and whispered a prayer of safety upon him. Loral blushed, 
stood up straight and walked out the doors. Yeolarn whispered a prayer 
himself, hoping it would not be the last time he saw young Loral alive.

It was. The figure that stepped back into the Church of Tunare was no 
longer the young acolyte of Tunare. Loral stepped into the room with 
swirling lavender boots forged in worlds of darkness. His green robe 
shifted and shimmered with a life of it's own. His skin had been 
hardened by the heat of Kunark and the icy winds of Velious, but no part 
of him was as hardened as his eyes. One gaze gave Yeolarn a view of the 
horrors and wonders that had passed before Loral. One look was all that 
was needed for both men to understand the depths of what had happened in 
the past years. Loral kneeled to the clerics of the church, and tears 
began flowing from his eyes. Yeolarn's eyes too began to tear. He had 
hoped that this day would come, that he would see Loral alive again. But 
after seeing those eyes, he felt that perhaps this fate was the less 
merciful alternative.

A storm was blowing over the ancient arena. Clouds moved across the sky 
faster than the wolves of the Karanas, while lightening struck the 
ground near by. Many warriors had fought and died in the Arena, and 
Loral knew that this day would be no different. His preparations for the 
summoning of Innoruuk were almost complete. While battles raged around 
him, the focus of hate burning in his chest kept him thinking of the 
confrontation he would soon face. No spells or blades could stop Loral 
from seeking the revenge he had sought his whole adult life. One hand 
held the ancient book of Obulus open to the pages of summoning, the 
other held the burning black mace of Kithicor, which glowed with a black 
light. The summoning was almost complete. Then a figure stood in his 
way. Dressed in the white gowns of a young cleric of Tunare, Idoru, a 
fellow Healer in his guild and apostle of the Mother stood fast. "Don't 
do this, Loral. You are under the influence of Innoruuk. Stop this now." 
Loral looked into her blue eyes, knowing she was right. His heart ached 
and tears welled up in his eyes. He reached out a hand to her, 
whispering a prayer to Tunare...and killed her.

Loral woke with a jolt. That same dream had followed him every night 
since it took place, weeks earlier. And like it did every morning, his 
hand burned and he felt the loss of the dark mace, even though its evil 
had been destroyed that same day. The darkness of its curse still had 
not left him, but he hoped that it would this day. He sat up on the cold 
stone, not refreshed, but rested for the coming battle. While he became 
aware of his dark surroundings, the unnatural stone walls of Innoruuks 
outer halls of the Plane of hate, the sound of scraping metal sent a 
shiver through his bones. Loral looked up at Boldog, the large barbarian 
warrior, sharpening his blade. He watched the barbarian's one good eye, 
the other cut through from some past battle. He watched and knew the man 
would soon be dead. Seeing the look in Boldog's eye as he sharpened his 
huge sword, he knew that the warrior knew it as well. Only a few might 
survive their battles with the demon-god. More than likely none would. 
But the warrior knew that the stronger he fought, the more likely he 
would be killed, for if any gets the attention of Innoruuk, they die.

A half hour later, Loral was staring at that one good eye again, this 
time lifeless. He was walking among the wounded of the horrific battle, 
healing those who could be healed and offering the last rights of Tunare 
to those he couldn't. Then he came across the body of Boldog and had to 
stop. He sat there, regaining his strength, but weary of heart. So many 
dead, so much loss. Then the impact of their accomplishment woke him 
from this trance. Behind the fighter, lay the corpse of Innoruuk. They 
had defeated the Lord of Hate. Loral remembered the battle in bits in 
pieces. He remembered hearing Innoruuk chanting the names of those in 
the war party, tearing into their souls and stripping them of their 
lives. "AILEN...VAGE...SOMNUS...WADEN...BOLDOG". One by one the 
adventurers fell. While wizards unleashed their powerful spells and 
warriors cut with magical blades, Innoruuk continued to chant. 
"SOLRAK...RAIZZE...TALTHAR...RAICA." When the mobs of warriors became 
too thick, he raised his hands and sent the remaining adventurers flying 
through the air, smashing up against walls and sliding hundreds of feet 
across the floor. The adventurers quickly regained their footing and 
rushed the Lord of Hate again. Then, when all appeared lost, Innoruuk 
stumbled and fell. The blades and spells of the mighty party had finally 
cut him down.

The sheer scope of what Loral had done took a long time to sink in. 
Sitting there, looking at the corpse of the dark god, Loral thought 
about what this meant. His whole adult life he had sought this moment. 
Since the day his father was taken by the Maestro of Rancor, Loral vowed 
revenge. Now the Maestro lay dead in the hallway after attempting to 
defend his master, and Innoruuk was killed shortly there after within 
his own inner chambers. Loral had his revenge. But instead feeling the 
thrill of victory, he only felt emptiness. He had spent his entire life 
as a vehicle for revenge under Tunare's name. Innoruuk had used Loral's 
hate against him and he had almost released the demon-god on all of 
Norrath under the notion that he might possibly defeat him in a duel. 
Innoruuk had done far worse than simply kill his father. Innoruuk had 
stolen his soul and used him as a tool of war. Loral claimed to have 
followed the will of Tunare, but had killed one of Tunare's most noble 
and pure clerics, all in the name of revenge. And even now, after having 
defeated Innoruuk on his home ground, now he had nothing left.

In his early years as an adventurer, Loral had dreams of finding his 
father in the outerworld prisons of Hate. Those dreams were shattered 
when he realized just how insignificant he and his father were to 
Innoruuk. All that he had to show for his life of vengeance was the 
black scar on his hand from the black mace, and the sadness of knowing 
he had used the name of his goddess to murder an innocent. He wasn't 
sure what would become of his life now. But he knew one thing. He must 
ask for forgiveness. He would seek out the clerics of Felwithe and 
apologize for his actions in their name. He would then seek out Tunare 
herself and accept whatever fate she would have for his sins. His only 
hope was to once again be her hand on Norrath. If not, he would do his 
best to spread her faith and her love, even if he was doomed by the acts 
of his past.

It was a beautiful autumn day in Felwithe. Loral couldn't decide which 
was warmer. The summer sun overhead or the smile of his father when he 
pulled up the large bass out of the clear river that ran outside their 
home. Talien the Jeweler patted his young son on the back, sharing in 
the joy of the catch. While there were times when Loral became bored of 
the constant haggling between his father and a customer, the Sunday 
fishing trips were the times Loral really look forward to. Loral would 
sit and watch the fish through the clear stream while his father would 
tell him stories of the far away cities of Kaladim, Kelethin and even 
Ak'Anon, land of the curious gnomes. Loral would imagine the strange 
cities of fiery forges and giant machines while his father spoke. Other 
times, Talien would tell Loral of his mother, and although sometimes 
they made him sad, he more often felt the happiness that her memory 
brought to his father. Those fishing trips meant everything to Loral. 
They were the best moments of his life.

-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



