From 5691399721314860701
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b0b094ccf6493fb8
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-21 09:08:12 PST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.news.rcn.net!rcn!news.voicenet.com!yellow.newsread.com!bad-news.newsread.com!netaxs.com!newsread.com!news.jtan.com!gordon
From: John Gordon <gordon@jtan.com>
Subject: Re: SoV Faction Explaination
User-Agent: nn/6.6.2
Sender: news@news.jtan.com (news)
Organization: j tan()
Message-ID: <Grw6qu.4t6.0.sinope@news.jtan.com>
References: <3C6CDA29.AF865383@eso.org> <3C736945.D23E34BF@eso.org>
X-Nntp-Posting-Host: callisto.jtan.com
Date: Thu, 21 Feb 2002 16:49:42 GMT
Lines: 71
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:168385

Stephen Johnston <sjohnsto@eso.org> writes:

> > A while back someone posted an excellent explaination of the varios
> > SoV | Giant | Coldain faction issue.
> > 
> > If someone has this would they mind reposting please

here's an article i saved a while back:

--------------------------------------------------------------------

 From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
 Subject: Re: velious faction question
 Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
 Message-ID: <h6fost08r5ih9gjhaolmsuvq6emvjqjaae@4ax.com>
 References: <3BCBB41A.CD11ABC9@unico.com.au>
 Date: Tue, 16 Oct 2001 14:17:25 GMT

 Basically velious is designed for you to be enemies of the giants and
 in good with skyshrine and coldain. Those who take the route of being
 in bad with both and in good with giants instead are doing so for the
 kael quest armor which drops in ToV or some of the good kael quests.
 Its only prudent to lock yourself into that if you are in a guild or
 going to be in a guild getting those kael quest armor quests done via
 Tov. They also have it harder by being more KOS velious wide where it
 counts such as the wakening land ring.. in western wastes on the way
 to ToV, In tov on the way to doing their area and they only have the
 use of one city which has no where near the vendor resources that
 Thurg has for trades and such.

 On my server most guilds are skyshrine/coldain friendly and do those
 tov quests while the one or two who are kael friendly have that part
 of Tov always open to them. We manage to do fine by having many
 europeans so most of our tov raids are in the early morning or at 11
 am or noon eastern time.

 My guild has found we can be allied to thurg and skyshrine and dragons
 while we kill dragons in western wastes, north tov and the outdoor
 ones like woushi, since we also always raid kael for statue, vindi and
 tormax (BIGGG faction giants) I was warmly from much North Tov doing
 then got to ally again fast to complete a couple skyshrine quests
 while on a tormax raid. So I think that is the most flexible way to
 go, but Much of it depends on knowing what the guild you are in will
 be doing. We did not know when we started. Basically you can be allied
 to dragon/skyshrine faction most of the time as long as you don't kill
 the big original brood wurms, otherwise as long as you are raiding
 nameds in kael (as we do constantly, especially when server up) you
 can go crazy a bonkers on dragons and still be allied most of the
 time. 

 You can even kill dwarves in icewell keep for that armor which drops
 there (quite good for plate wearing classes.. especially twinks ;)  )
 and still remain allied with the dwarves in thurg once your faction is
 maxxed. Of course your dain faction will go down but that is only a
 concern if you will be doing the ring quest and killing big nameds in
 kael is a big dain plus also. We had one guy in our guild still kinda
 stuck being pro giant after he raised it and he helped a bunch of us
 get coldain boots and gloves via a kael quest by killing some dwarves
 in thurg. When done I was still allied to coldain and still glower
 dubious to the dain.

 Meanwhile you can't really be pro giant and have the same freedom. You
 can't go killing statue, vindi, tormax when pro giant. Giant hits are
 huge and there are several factions to be concerned about while
 dragons are ONLY claws of veeshan for all practical purposes. You can
 move ALL OVER skyshrine and do the armor quests even if your yelinek
 faction is quite bad, all that matters is claws of veeshan. Of course
 yelinek faction matters for turning in tormaxs head actually TO
 yelinek and I think some people are working on that. Of course being
 pro giant you can kill original brood and such and yelinek without
 worry.


