From -1931489022950874326
X-Google-Thread: fb739,9595aa458ae3eb1c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!postnews1.google.com!z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com!not-for-mail
From: "Mike Shea" <mshea01@gmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Mobhunter: Interview with Scott Adams
Date: 8 Oct 2004 06:36:17 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 170
Message-ID: <1097242577.408443.219690@z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.80.55.74
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset="iso-8859-1"
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1097242581 6905 127.0.0.1 (8 Oct 2004 13:36:21 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 8 Oct 2004 13:36:21 +0000 (UTC)
User-Agent: G2/0.2
Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
Injection-Info: z14g2000cwz.googlegroups.com; posting-host=192.80.55.74;
   posting-account=WDcinhMAAADcvkKBmXXfehYblo0NN7Cr_KfkHiVTV22R7IgxdvF6Yg
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:18899

Interview with Scott Adams

by Loral on October 08, 2004

This week I am honored to introduce Scott Adams. Scott agreed to sit
down with Mobhunter for a short interview. Scott is a long-time
Everquest player and a major icon in the computer gaming community. Let
us begin the questions:

Mobhunter: For those who have yet to figure out the gnomish technology
of "Google" could you please introduce yourself and your background?

Scott Adams: I am credited with starting the Personal Computer Gaming
industry in 1978 with the publication of Adventureland. I am also
called the father of computer gaming. (Should be grandfather now, hehe)
My company Adenture International was in business til aprox 1985
publishing primarily computer games for the micro computers of that
era.

I had actually been writing computer games before this. I remember
writing computer games at a radar station I worked at and using the
radar monitors to play the games on. I later had a homebrew system my
brother build from CPU bit slices that I wrote a simple arcade style
shooter for. I had to entirely hand assemble and link it. Later I had a
Sphere computer (kit computer) which I wrote an elaborate arcade tank
war game complete with home made controllers. It won Sphere's first
annual "What do I use my Sphere Computer for" contest. With the advent
of "appliance" computers (that is what we homebrewers called them back
then) such as TRS-80 and Apple I saw my chance to write for a larger
audience.

I understand I have inspired many of today's game designers and
programmers. I still get allot of fan mail from the nice folks who tell
me that my games were the reason they got into computers as a career. I
am always happy to hear from folks like that and have made many new
friends over the years because of it.

Mobhunter: How do you feel about the direction computer games took
since you started the field?

Scott Adams: I am actually very happy with modern day computer games.
One of the reasons I started my writing computer games was there were
none around to play. Now there is a wonderful surfeit of great games. I
watch them evolve over the years from the simple single man generated
effort to the small team built games to the industrial strength mega
efforts of today.

Mobhunter: How long have you played EQ?

Scott Adams: I started playing EQ in April 2001. I had heard about the
game before when it launched but had the impression it was some sort of
glorified chat room with folks pretending they were medieval people.
Sort of like a Medieval reenactment world. Certainly nothing a real
computer game player would ever be interested in.

Then a friend of mine told me he played and what it was really about. I
decided to give a try and rolled up a halfling druid. I was instantly
hooked.

Mobhunter: What characters, classes, and levels do you play?

Scott Adams: I have played almost all the classes and characters. My
highest char is only 48 and is a druid. I have allot of 30-40 level
characters as I would roll them up and play them to see how well they
fit into my hydra.

You can see my current set and my others here:
http://www.msadams.com/magelo.htm

Mobhunter: Could you explain your Hydra?

Scott Adams: I play 5 chars at one time. I use 5 discreet computers to
do this. My center machine I run my Paladin. On my left is my
enchanter, to my right is my druid. These machines are all on the same
desktop. On a rolling cart to my left is my Bard and another cart on my
right has my cleric.

I have many in game macros setup to assist me. For example when I bring
in a mob I hit the 5 key on my setups. This will then do the assist the
puller and start whatever normal attack its. The cleric will do a
celestial heal and the bard will auto follow the puller to get in place
then assist and melee attack.

My bard uses a keyboard macro to allow him twist 3-4 songs at time,
normally he is using amplify and a manna song.

I remapped the F1-F8 keys to be the spell gems, so I can instantly fire
off spells as needed on any of my characters. My 1-0 keys are all
mapped to the normal hotkeys. I have an emergency bail out on the 8 key
on all my chars. The druid has a Crucible of Escape and this on the 8
key, the other casters all have gate on 8.

I also use a 4rd party utility called EQ Watcher www.eqwatcher.com
which reads the log files out loud. I have my own custom scripts I have
written for it so I can be kept informed at all times what is going on
my other chars. This one utility more than anything else makes my hydra
MX5 possible!

http://www.msadams.com/EQWatcher/

Mobhunter: What other MMOGs do you play and what do you think of them?

Scott Adams: I have played all the major MOGS and many of the minors
ones too. Dark Age of Camelot, Anarchy Online, Neocron, Eve,
Underlight, A Tale in the Desert are some examples of the MOGs I have
played. Right now the only two I am playing are EQ and City of Heroes.

CoH is a MOG lite. Basically a pure fighting game with nothing added to
get in the way of the fast furious battles. I have currently been in
CoH since its launch this April.

Of all the MOGs I play EQ is the only one that I keep coming back to, I
usually play a MOG for 2 to 4 months then return to EQ.

I am also beta testing EQ2 and will be in that big time when it
launches. I won't play a hydra there. I also do not play a hydra in
CoH, the game is way to fast and furious to really allow it.

Mobhunter: What are some of the things you like about EQ?

Scott Adams: Big world and lots of utility spells. The co-operative
aspect of the game where it is you and friends against a hostile
environment. The abilities you get at higher levels to teleport around
quickly. The excitement of the drops and not knowing what may turn up.

I love the bazaar system and all the updates they did recently to
improve it. No other game has anything even close to this. A one stop
shopping mall is SO much better than tiny shops scattered over the
whole game world.

Mobhunter: What sorts of things would you like to see improved in the
existing EQ world?

Scott Adams: Quests. You really have no way to know if a quest is
doable or not, what the reward might be and if it is worth even trying,
maybe times the reward is simply not even usable. I, like many others,
use the 3rd party web sites to determine which quests are even worth
bothering with. This really stinks.

Content for non raiders. I don't raid and don't want to, but I want to
see interesting sites and fight interesting mobs.

In game email. Some way to communicate with EQ only friends. My other
mogs have this feature and it makes a big difference.

Sidekicking. This feature in City of Heroes allows one to play their
friends no matter their levels. You can either choose to raise some
else level to you or decrease yours to theirs. This alone would make an
incredible difference in EQ to allow folks to join up.

Improved graphics. The current Luclin era character models certainly
need work as do most of the old world zones.

Group oriented task system. The OOW task system should be expanded to
allow groups to get them together and all reap the rewards. This is
then like an outdoor LDoN spread across Norrath. Would be great fun.
Currently I do tasks with my hydra but not all members of the hydra can
always get the same tasks.

The ability to do LFG across zones. CoH just put that in and its a
phenomenal idea. This way folks can invite others no matter where they
are currently looking for group!

Mobhunter: Thank you for your time Scott! You can read more about Scott
Adams at his website and download some of Scott's Grand Adventures.

Interview conducted by Loral Ciriclight
7 October 2004
loral@loralciriclight.com



