From 8410213508684776569
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,322a7c560af86485,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-13 07:49:09 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!elnk-pas-nf1!newsfeed.earthlink.net!pd7cy1no!pd7cy2so!shaw.ca!news-out1.nntp.be!propagator2-sterling!propagator2-SanJose!news-in-sterling.newsfeed.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To:  emporer@dejazzd.com
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: 52 and holding
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 166
Message-ID: <ESNsb.2703$y5.172366@nnrp1.ptd.net>
Date: Thu, 13 Nov 2003 15:58:28 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.232.177
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1068739108 66.109.232.177 (Thu, 13 Nov 2003 10:58:28 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 13 Nov 2003 10:58:28 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7215

Got an invite out of the blue (well no, out of the LFG tool of course) 
to join a group for LDoN yesterday.  We managed to form up a pretty 
decent 6 man with a paladin, cleric, bard, shaman, druid and me, lowbie 
51 mage (so very low that there was no blue at all showing)

Went in to a Mistmore dungeon, started killing, racked up about a blue 
of exp and boom, LD.  Logged back in to find myself in LFay and other 
members of my group and of other groups there or popping.  All exp 
accumulated was gone, as reportedly (and fairly credibly, its not as 
though it was worth a fortune) all loot... a bit later I discovered
that changes I'd made to my memmed spells setup were also wiped... I'd
put Lava Bolt in where Burst of Flame resides when I'm soloing lowbie
mobs for cash, and Burst was back... imagine my surprise when my 
900point nuke kept hitting for 5 damage, think of the Resists on those 
mobs!  Checking altV showed no mission outstanding, checking stats 
didnt' show a fail.

Well we sent the druid back to BB to get another mission, which took 
minimal time between gate (bound at BB) port to Steamfont, and running 
on what was left of 2 minute selo and SOW when that ran out.  Back in, 
we got steaming along pretty well again when Boom, it happened again. 
LD, back in LFay.  This time no roll back, my blue and a half of exp was 
there as was reportedly our tiny amount of loot.  But AltV again showed 
no mission.  Well, time to give up on that for the day, we decided (it 
wasn't just us, again, three or four other groups unceremoniously 
deposited outside the dungeon entrance... and it wasn't just one 
dungeon, as we went thru the LFay crypt entrance for the first and thru 
the hole in the ground for the second)

Bard decided to leave us at that point, but everyone else was up for 
POInnovation.   We managed to replace the bard with a rogue at this 
point while people were picking up KEI's; I had one fresh already so I 
didn't bother, making me first in zone.

POI entrance had a group already, which was happy to pull just the left 
passage, leaving the right to us.  Out of fear of trains the group 
decided to move down the passage a bit... to me this is out of the 
frying pan into the oven, but I guess its less reliant on the skills of 
others; the fact that respawns happen behind you meant to -me- pretty 
much constant danger of "trains" adding in.  But its not that big a 
deal, just have to keep on top of it.

Some mobs were non lullable, we took care of that by root pull; root one 
and kill the other.  One, the Archaic Model, was unslowable, we took 
care of that by burning it with flat out DD production, this was my 
first real use of pet canni; I burned from FM to OOM on that one mob, 
and then was back up to FM while the group killed one without me.  Other 
than this one incedent, with KEI and my mount I never ran low on mana, 
just sending pet, casting Malosi (necessary so the shaman could slow 
reliably) dropping one or two nukes per mob, keeping pet in Burnout III 
and the paladin in DS, and occaisionally summoning a Mod Rod for the 
cleric.  A decent if not impressive camp, most fun part of it for me was 
my monster summon II pet, a robospider... just the sort of pet a gnome 
mage SHOULD have!  Group didn't want an earth pet, so instead of my 51 I 
was using my 50.

This really didn't go on all that long though, I got to about 4 blue, 
before we called for a rest break; shaman needed a bio break, and action 
was non stop with the respawns and not something  we could handle 
without a slower.  Paladin took advantage of the time  off to go rez a 
buddy in Rivervale (how do you die there?), and then ended up having to 
log for RL reasons.

Well, no way we are going to be able to do POI without a tank.  Looking 
around for a couple minutes, though, the cleric finds a level 65 
beastlord guildmate who's willing to come help her finish her level... 
so we head for POJ.  Knowing a bit about the zone, I suggest we do Death 
Row instead of the exit camp they had in mind.  The shaman decides to 
leave for some reason, I think because the 65 is too high and will eat 
all the experience.  Crazy shaman.

Another group is just leaving "Jail" (as they call it on FV) as we come 
in, so its already cleared when we get there.  The tunnel is clear but 
the actual punisher/enforcer hallway is fully popped.  We start in on 
the first one and boom, pop behind grabs me and kills me pretty fast. 
They finish off the mob, rez me... I carefully summon a mod rod before 
accepting, and am FM and pet up (well, ok, 80M and pet up... I was FM 
but the pet itself plus its Burnout III cost mana) before the next two 
mobs are dead...I'm contributing just as much to the fight as ever 
before my rez button starts to flash.

With the beastlord to haste and slow and tank, we easily chew thru the 
mobs down to the far end, then all run in and preflag for trials (just 
in case sometime we decide to do one), back out and down to the other 
end to do the tunnel... when I again get aggro from a repop we aren't 
expecting (This is the hell of coming in on someone else's broken camp, 
you don't know what they were thinking!) and of course die.  Again, rez 
me, I do pet canni and am back in fighting trim in minimal time.  Now 
that we have the pattern down we adjust it a bit, I burn heavy on the 
right side mobs and not at all on the left side mobs, so the next run 
thru we don't have to lull split the pairs.  Its good to see that even 
in a group where I'm the lowest member, and with a 65 beastlord, that I 
can seriously affect the kill rate enough to break the spawn up.

Some time later, after many runs thru the hall, I get aggro a third 
time, this time from the Wraith... but finally I manage to get my pet 
off the original target and defending me before my HP drop far enough 
for low HP aggro.. then my pet tanks the wraith for a good six rounds 
before someone turns to take care of it; in fact with full mana I'm 
reasonably sure I could solo one... hard part would be getting just one! 
  At any rate, I take some ribbing about going for the hat trick of 
three deaths, I riposte by saying that third time's the charm, after 
going thru 50 pets I've finally found one willing to protect me!

I also explain that I'm going for my honorary ranger merit badge... and 
they tell me "only 8 more deaths to go"

After a couple more hours down there the cleric dings, having finished 
off the last 35% of getting to level 58.  I've been in a race with her, 
and lose by Two mobs, we finish the room off before leaving and I ding 
on the last one!  I got 4 and a half yellow worth of getting to 52 even 
with two deaths while she got her 35%.  All with a 65 in the group 
"soaking up too much of the exp" as that hapless shaman who left put it, 
how wrong he was!

Everyone ended up with a Weighty Polearm, which looks like a great 
weapon to me, but its lore, very common and checking bazaar later 
retails for about 20pp... or maybe it doesn't even fetch that much as 
there are a dozen or so available.  The reccomended level of 50 doesn't 
help much, I'll have to see if Lenny wants it or already has bettter.

Cash split on the other hand is hands down the best I've ever seen in 
any group, any zone, any level.  1250pp EACH, for not a whole lot of 
work.  Oh, and an ethereal parchment each and one more I lost the roll 
on.  Thats selling all diamonds and blue diamonds and such to vendors, 
by the way, I'm not sure that you couldnt' get more in bazaar, once upon 
a time you could get a Kpp for the BDs but perhaps they aren't in demand 
anymore.

Finally, I got my usual evening LDoN group (although its odd since I 
used to be the low man at 44, and now am the high level at 52!), we did 
two runs without getting the weird crash bug.  Exp was much slower, and 
the loot numbered in the hundred pp range per run, but successes got me 
15 points each instead of the 5 points I was getting ten levels ago with 
the same group.... and of course they are lots of fun.  We take whatever 
comes up first, in this case  an assasination and a rescue.

The assassination was a real treat, we went without our usual cleric, 
and our replacement was shakey about lulling so we were using mez 
instead.  We only had 5 people; warrior, cleric, chanter, ranger, mage, 
and about a third of the way in the ranger sat down without saying a 
word and went "LD" (logged out, we figure).  So just the four of us did 
the rest of the run.  When we got to the assasination target, it was a 
cleric boss mob with two cleric buddies; we did lull pull him out from 
between the two of them and back out of heal/assist range down the empty 
tunnel.  Started in fighting him, chanter got his pet involved, but 
neitehr chanter nor cleric were worth warm spit when it came to stun 
interrupt job, the boss got not one but two Cheals off.  Then to add to 
the fun, the warrior fell under the world and popped at entrance, had to 
run all the way back while the chanter pet played MT (root seems to 
prevent my pet from retaining aggro).  The warrior showed back up, we 
got the mob down low and I used the bit of mana I'd managed to med up to 
finally get a decently timed nuke in that hit while the mob was low 
enough on HP to be killed before his Cheal landed.

For the rescue, I turned on AA to 100%; I'm tired of leveling past all 
my friends, and Run 3 isn't a bad thing for any character, much less a 
mage who's basically made out of paper mache

I am, however, finally starting to consider looking for a guild; pickup 
groups slowed down dramatically when I passed 50, and seem to be 
nonexistant insofar as projects like getting chardok faction so I can be 
COH whore.

Splendid One, 52 Gnomelementalist, Firiona Vie



