From 1828008568564974994
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,8794b521f253ffa6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-09-15 23:08:24 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!feed2.news.rcn.net!rcn!newsfeed1.earthlink.net!newsfeed.earthlink.net!newsmaster1.prod.itd.earthlink.net!newsread2.prod.itd.earthlink.net.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: matuse73@yahoo.spam.me.not.com (Matt Frisch)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Velious Factions
Message-ID: <3ba4338a.36998917@news.earthlink.net>
References: <tq51eubcl6eedc@corp.supernews.com> <urf6qtgsnl56m17tn86p1e60eb2gms631j@4ax.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Free Agent 1.11/32.235
Lines: 172
Date: Sun, 16 Sep 2001 06:08:24 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 158.252.215.38
X-Complaints-To: abuse@earthlink.net
X-Trace: newsread2.prod.itd.earthlink.net 1000620504 158.252.215.38 (Sat, 15 Sep 2001 23:08:24 PDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 15 Sep 2001 23:08:24 PDT
Organization: EarthLink Inc. -- http://www.EarthLink.net
X-Received-Date: Sat, 15 Sep 2001 23:05:07 PDT (newsmaster1.prod.itd.earthlink.net)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:118317

On Sat, 15 Sep 2001 12:22:32 GMT, dstep <dstep@babaloo.com> scribed into
the ether:

>On Fri, 14 Sep 2001 17:29:28 -0500, "Ray Miller"
><kaynekayne@bigfoot.removethis.com> wrote:
>
>>I know that faction is very important on the velious continent (moreso than
>>anywhere else in the game).  But I'm having trouble finding information on
>>it.  I've hesitating adventuring much there because I'm not sure who I
>>should and should not attack and for what reasons.  Can anyone point me in
>>the direction of some good solid information on Velious factions and/or give
>>me a rundown?
.
>The immediate factions you encounter are frost giants. You kill them
>and lose faction with various giants (of velious, specifically frost
>type)

Killing frost giants hurts faction with Frost (kromriff) and Storm
(kromzek) giants, which only applies to velious. The hit is larger with
frost than storm. Killing storm giants lowers all 3 giant factions
(kingtormax being the third).

> and gain faction with the coldain dwarves (of thurg, mostly
>blanket faction) and Claws of veeshan ( dragons of skyfire mostly
>blanket faction.. also the outdoor dragons of velious such as Woushi
>in Wakening lands)

Killing frost giants does NOT raise Claws of Veeshan faction. Only Storms.
Although I believe there is a quest through skyshrine for frost giant heads
that will raise your CoV faction...

And there is no dragon in skyfire (or anywhere else in kunark) that is on
the CoV faction. Kunark dragons are on RingofScale. The residents of
skyfire (with the exception of Talendor) are on MinionsofScale. There is
only 1 dragon I'm aware of in Velious that is on RingOfScale faction, which
is Escorpa of the Ring, who lives in the west wastes. Might be others, but
Escorpa is the only one I'm familiar with.

>What I mean by "mostly blanket faction" is that one faction nearly
>covers it for all practical purposes. Both claws of veeshan and the
>coldain are pretty much that way. 

The only velious dragon/dragon minion who is on the Yelinak faction is
Yelinak himself, as far as I know. All others are either on CoV, or one of
the two unraisable-and-KOS-to-everybody dragon factions, which are in North
ToV/Halls of Testing, and in Sleeper's Tomb.

There are only a handful of coldain who are on the DainFrostreaverIV
faction. The dain, the chamberlain, the seneschel, the huntsman, and the
scribe...maybe a couple of others. All Dain faction mobs are in Icewell
keep, in any event.  All other velious dwarves are on Coldain. The
exception are the dwarves living inside Crystal Caverns, who are on their
own faction, called "DwarvesofFroststone" or something similar. This is
another unraisable faction, but unlike GuardiansOfVeeshan, they start out
dubious to pretty much everyone...I've heard that dwarf characters are
indifferent there.

>So you can see that really raising and keeping giant high is the most
>challenging AND you will obliterate your faction in the other two
>cities to do so. Meanwhile you can be allied to skyshrine and to the
>coldain and use those cities while ONLY being kos to the giant city.

It *is* possible to be ally in Kael, and still maintain your dwarf faction.
It is an enourmous pain in the ass, and takes forever, but it can be done.

1) Kill lots of dragons and dragon allies in skyshrine/west waste to get
your Kromzek (storm giant) faction up to at least apprehensive.
2) Go to the thurgadin mines and slaughter all of the goos, bats, and
whatever that lives down there. They will seldomly drop coldain heads. You
can turn in these coldain heads to Captain Bvellos in the main Kael bank,
which gives HUGE boosts to all 3 Giant factions, lowers CoV, and doesn't
touch Coldain at all. I have also heard that the dwarves inside CC drop
heads, so if you don't mind nuking your Froststone faction, this is another
way to collect heads. A secondary head-collecting character would also
work.

>Because the drops for the dragon and kael armor quests drop in Temple
>of Veeshan, guilds are always wanting to do it. More guilds, on my
>server at least, want to do the quests for the tov drops (halls of
>testing) so there is often a line or its already being done. For the
>giant quests, at least on my server, the area is often open and not
>being done. So depending on your server your uber guild may decide to
>go giant quest just so they can do TOV more.

The thing is, the giant-allied people have FAR FAR better options about
what to do. Yes, they will lose Skyshrine and Thurgadin as usable cities,
but most Kael quests yield FAR superior items, and not caring about Dragon
faction (in particular) lets you raid North ToV, where the best items in
the game drop. Dragon factioned people cannot hunt here, because despite
NToV being KOS to everybody, the dragons there produce MASSIVE faction hits
to CoV.

Advantage to being giant ally:

Ability to travel through Kael unmolested.

Not having to worry about the Kromrif Death Squads that terrorize East
Wastes.

Kael quest armor has the highest AC of all 3 cities, and good stats on top
of it.

Largest hunting areas possible...thurgadin and skyshrine are exceptionally
nice places to hunt...skyshrine has some jaw-dropping items. West Waste
dragon armor/talisman drops are fun for everybody.

Kael quests (not the armor quests) are generally superior to anything
offered in the other two cities. Frostbringer, barbed dragonscale boots,
kellsen's prismatic trinket, girdle of reflection, mask of war, coldain
skin gloves/boots, gauntlets of dragon slaying, belt of dwarf slaying, etc,
etc.

Easiest access to sleeper's tomb keys.

The ability to hunt in any of the 3 halls of ToV for the drops. Dragon
allies are limited to the halls of testing only.

Access to the Plane of Mischief the "right" way, rather than relying on a
monk dragging a CoH mage corpse and a Vox rez stick to try and pull people
through North ToV.

>The skyshrine armor is really the best for druids and casters, having
>the best stats that they use and (especially for druids) the best
>resistences they are often missing. The kael armor may be more desired
>by tanks since it is higher armor class. The difference in AC is not
>that big though, many guilds agree that all the way around the
>skyshrine stuff is the best but its a matter of preference (and again,
>how many uber guilds on your server are already skyshrine and tripping
>over each other in tov)

Advantage to being a dragon/coldain ally:

Access to the shawl/ring quests, which yield several best-in-game level
items (the #10 ring in particular).

Access to the "benevolence" quests from skyshrine, which have some amazing
rewards for all class types.

Easier access to items with the flowing thought effect.

Safe travel to Cobalt Scar via porting

Ability to go through West Wastes without being molested (except by any
giants that happen to be there ;) ).

Thurgadin is the most complete city in the game, able to fully support all
tradeskills and player supplies. As an example, there is nowhere in Kael to
buy bandages, but Thurgadin has them.

Access to the Thurgadin gate potion, a nodrop/lore potion which teleports
you to the entry bridge in thurgadin. Highly effective way for
non-druid/wizards to get to Velious quickly. Only requires pottery, which
is one of the cheapest tradeskills in the game to raise.

Thurgadin quest armors are the easiest to get, but have far inferior stats
to Kael/Skyshrine versions. Also looks like plain rygorr on chain classes.
Ugh.

Skyshrine armors have the best "fluff" stats (str/dex/agi), useful stats
(sta/int/wis), and resists of all the three sets.

Tunare worshippers can complete their various PoG quests, most of which
require extensive hunting in Kael.

Able to hunt some of the nicer drops in Kael...gladiator chain items,
vindicator/statue of rallos/AoW drops, defiance, and a bunch of other
stuff.

Access to the ToV halls of testing quests...nice if you got there first,
but since Dozekar is the only source for tears, is hard to kill, doesn't
drop many, and lots of people fight over his spawn, the chances of actually
completing one of these quests is remote at best.


