From 6032760367649211220
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ab76251bf78c5727
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-05-15 06:44:00 PST
Path: archiver1.sj.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed.slurp.net!not-for-mail
Message-ID: <3B0132C4.9051217A@serv.net>
From: Gregory Gadow <techbear@serv.net>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.72 [en] (Win98; I)
X-Accept-Language: en,pdf
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: What trade skill is good to learn
References: <9dps2e$nem$1@sshuraab-i-1.production.compuserve.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Organization: Ye 'Ol Disorganized NNTPCache groupie
Cache-Post-Path: dns2.serv.net!unknown@205.153.152.104
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.4.0b2 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
Lines: 95
Date: Tue, 15 May 2001 06:44:37 -0700
NNTP-Posting-Host: 199.201.191.2
X-Trace: newsfeed.slurp.net 989934089 199.201.191.2 (Tue, 15 May 2001 08:41:29 CDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 15 May 2001 08:41:29 CDT
Xref: archiver1.sj.google.com alt.games.everquest:74341

Tod Hosaka wrote:

> I'm a 6th level Cleric Dwarf.  What is a good Trade Skill to learn?

Fletching: No. Since you are a cleric, you can not use arrows. Being
able to make bows at higher skill is nice, but you will spend LOTS of
plat getting there, and you will find it very difficult to sell the
arrows which are your practice. This is a skill best left to Rangers
(who pretty much NEED to develop it) and other warrior types.

Jewelrymaking: NO. An enchanter is needed to magic the metals and you
will likely have to pay her a premium on each stack. The gems are very
pricey. Realistically, only an enchanter with a stinking rich sugar
daddy should even try this craft.

Brewing: Perhaps. As a dwarf, it would be great roleplaying, but as a
pure caster, developing alcohol tolerance would not be worth the time
(drinking will drastically drop your wisdom, leaving you with much less
mana and a much higher chance of failure.) Still, you might find it
easier to group with tanks if you hand out "samples" of Ol' Tijum's
Fierce Brew.

Pottery: Yes. There are two groups that benefit from higher end
pottery: rogues and wisdom casters. Rogues will want to save money by
making their own poison vials while clerics, druids and shamen will
want the ability to make their own small deities. Three small deities
currently exist in the game: the protection deity (3 AC), the
resistance deity (2 vs magic and 2 vs poison, I believe) and the holy
grail, the wisdom deity (2 Wis). These can net a nice profit, as they
go in the range slot, which is mostly unused by Wis casters unless you
want to spend 1k+ to buy a rare, mob-dropped-only totem. And they can
be profitable: I sell the protection deities for 20pp and the wisdom
deities for up to 150pp. Pottery is (at the moment) easy and fairly
inexpensive to master, and is the easiest way to get the pots and pans
for....

Baking: YES. A story line appears to be developing where famine will
sweep accross Norrath, leading to food shortages and resulting high
prices. If you have already developed the skills to turn otherwise
wasted items in to food, you will save yourself and your group/guild a
lot of money. In addition, you can take direct advantage of the new
baking changes like beer braised bear (+2 STR, -1 INT) and fish rolls
(banquet sized meal, will last almost 3 times as long as a regular
meal.) Selling these items can be done for a small profit, too (and DO
try some dwarf chops. Yes, I know, but who can say no to +2 STR and +2
STA?)

Fishing: Yes. With the likely food shortage, being able to sit down and
pull food out of any body of water will be very handy. Fishing poles do
not weigh much and bait is pretty cheap.

Tailoring: Yes, and at your level, YES. A small sewing kit is the
second thing I buy all of my new characters (only a backpack takes
precedence.) At beginning skill, you will be able to combine those
non-stacking spiderling silks into silk threads (combine two silks.)
Before too long, you can take those ruined wolf, cat and bear skins and
combine them with a pattern to make patchwork armor. Even if you do not
need it yourself, you can give it away or sell it. For low level
characters, you can even buy everything (patterns: ~6sp, ruined skins
from a merchant, ~2sp) and still sell the patchwork back for a small
profit (a bit more than a gold, with decent faction and charisma.) A
tattered mask weight much, much less than a whole skin. Once you get a
large (ie 10 slot) sewing kit and patchwork becomes trivial (about 28,
I think), you can start making bags with a silk cord (three non-stacked
silk threads combined in a sewing kit) and a low quality pelt. Got a
friend who is a non-twinked monk? Make him a tailored large bag (LQ
bear skin and silk cord; 6 slots, 10% weight reduction, weighs only
0.8) and watch him grow silly in his thanks :-) You don't need to go
any higher than bags, although you might want to stay at it until you
can make leather padding (LQ skin and silk thread) for...

Smithing: Probably. As a dwarf, you get some pretty nifty cultural
smithying, and as a cleric, you can make imbued stuff. Be warned,
though, that smithying is difficult to master (you will need not only
the highest wisdom you can get, but also the highest strength),
expensive to do and the fine plate and culturals have a VERY high
failure rate. Culturals also require ingredients that are very
difficult to obtain. If you are serious about pottery or tailoring,
some smithing knowledge is necessary (metal bits are used with pottery
to make cookware, and the studs and boning for higher end leather
tailoring are only available from PC smiths) but it is easy and pretty
inexpensive to get to the 58 skill or so that (mostly) guarantees
success in making these things.

Hope this helps.
--
Gregory Gadow
Email: techbear@serv.net

"All truth comes in three stages.
First, it is ridiculed.
Second, it is violently opposed.
Third, it is accepted as being self-evident."




