From 5197590689350400501
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,6ef9851776defa4c
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2004-04-29 18:14:48 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!news.glorb.com!border1.nntp.ash.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local1.nntp.ash.giganews.com!nntp.comcast.com!news.comcast.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 29 Apr 2004 20:14:47 -0500
Date: Thu, 29 Apr 2004 21:14:44 -0400
From: Dennis Francis Heffernan <hefferman@comcast.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla Thunderbird 0.5 (Windows/20040207)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: So Why Did Star Wars Galaxies Flop?
References: <dontbother-CC4B06.01052229042004@news-40.sjc.giganews.com> <Yo7kc.54566$G_.20544@nwrddc02.gnilink.net>
In-Reply-To: <Yo7kc.54566$G_.20544@nwrddc02.gnilink.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <vuednec_7qMaNQzd4p2dnA@comcast.com>
Lines: 76
NNTP-Posting-Host: 68.36.193.235
X-Trace: sv3-02slfsvysDAxEsBoZaMOikRxE8x9VUJ2m8fKVZOTQqQSiFS4S4iNGqRATxRark7idpO+iiEJwayadDj!c+Xi64Xk4lnJBOl5HYHkbeJiWesKQVTXIG1RhhZtoKutskm3iTxC1KX2QwCIYA==
X-Complaints-To: abuse@comcast.net
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: dmca@comcast.net
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.1
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:29928

Andy Pear wrote:

> I have never played the game.  The idea of a futuristic MMORPG didn't appeal
> to me immediately, but I figured I would give it a go if the game seemed
> nice. I read VNBoard's SWG general discussion board for several months after
> the release (it seemed to get a lot of posts) and occasionally stop by there
> currently.   I don't know that SWG is dead, but people have been complaining
> about a lack of content, bugs (my impression - imagine the EQ DX9 bugs on
> steroids), and poor combat system since the game got started.  If the boards
> are an indication (and I accept that they may not be), interest in the game
> has flatlined or dropped, but they garnered such a large subscriber base
> shortly after release that it's still probably hugely successful compared to
> other MMORPG's.  The Space expansion is due out sometime this year.  I
> figure it will be a buggy mess for quite awhile.  Maybe sometime in 2004
> I'll give the game a try, but I have a feeling the price is going to be too
> high for the basic game plus the Space expansion.  I don't want to plunk
> down $50 (probably more) for a game that just gathers dust in my bookcase.

	I've been playing since August, mainly to stay in touch with gaming 
acquaintances.  They're worth hanging out with enough to put up with SWG, a 
game which well and truly expands the concept of "suck" in new and unique ways.

	They are just now starting to add real content to the game, an effort 
hampered by the fact that the entire combat system is hopelessly broken and is 
being redesigned from Word One.  No exaggeration -- they're starting by 
redefining what PC attributes do.

	Thanks to design flaws and duping bugs, the economy has gone completely 
nonlinear.  There are some PCs who can barely meet their expenses, and there 
are others with millions and millions of credits (for the record, I fall into 
the latter catagory).  The few decent loot items in the game are all bought 
and sold for millions as a result, so despite the fact that SWG was supposed 
to avoid EQ-style loot camping and such, either you go out and stand in line 
for your stuff or odds are you're not going to see it.  Because of the way the 
resource system works, crafters who were able to stockpile (and/or dupe) 
high-quality resources can still crank out far better products than crafters 
starting today, so there's an entrenched old guard on most servers that no one 
can compete with.  The established crafters have the capital to buy any new 
quality resources that appear too, so even if good stuff does spawn the 
younger crafters are limited to what they can harvest themselves.  In terms of 
creature resources the less wealthy crafters are just screwed, since most of 
them don't have the combat skills to harvest it in quantity themselves, and 
hunters (like my character) aren't going to sell to them for 20 credits/unit 
when others are offering 100.

	The game is quickly becoming overrun with Jedi.  There are more Jedi on most 
servers than Master Rangers, though that's also a testament to how broken the 
Ranger profession is.  (I was a Master Ranger for about six months, and just a 
few weeks ago finally got disgusted enough to drop the Master box and the two 
most useless skill lines for more combat skills.)  Most players consider 
opening their "force sensitive character slot" to be the goal of the game. 
This contributes even more to the economic issues, as professions are overrun 
by people "grinding" through them for their FSCS, and as "grinders" offer 
insane prices for resources and/or sell their items at below cost just to 
recoup some of their investment.  Grinders have completely destroyed the 
Entertainer professions -- the only cantinas in the game that ever have 
Entertainers in them are Theed, Coronet and sometimes Bestine, and all of the 
Entertainers in them are AFK running elaborate recursive macros.  Yes, the 
designers were stupid enough to write a macro scripting language that allows 
looping.  No, I don't know what they were smoking or where you can get some.

	With the space expansion ("Jump to Lightspeed") now announced and scheduled, 
I don't expect things to get better any time soon.  The PR flack just posted a 
list of answers to questions from the "profession correspondants", and the 
answers basically translated as "please stay on the line.  Your call is 
important to us."  I expect that their programmers are going to be tied up on 
the new product for quite a while.  JtL is going to be twitch-based, too, so 
if you're past puberty expect to get pwned in space combat.

	The game might be worth a look after JtL comes out.  For now, skip it.

-- 
Dennis F. Heffernan      EQ: Venture Fletcher(E'ci)   hefferman@comcast.net
#include <disclaim.h>   SWG: Venture (Corbantis)                ICQ:9154048
"And I say now these kittens, they do not get trained/As we did in the days
when Victoria reigned!" -- T.S. Eliot, "Gus, the Theatre Cat"


