From -1245524079643057695
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7c7bdcc636ba115,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-03-18 17:47:37 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!supernews.com!62.24.128.9.MISMATCH!news-1.opaltelecom.net!lon1-news.nildram.net!newsfeed.freenet.de!newsfeed.wirehub.nl!news-hub.siol.net!zur.uu.net!ash.uu.net!wn3feed!worldnet.att.net!204.127.198.203!attbi_feed3!attbi.com!sccrnsc02.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: "Paul Botts" <prb25@attbispamthis.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: EQ changes, from an "outside" perspective
Lines: 126
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <XMwl8.64520$702.19051@sccrnsc02>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 12.250.113.159
X-Complaints-To: abuse@attbi.com
X-Trace: sccrnsc02 1016502455 12.250.113.159 (Tue, 19 Mar 2002 01:47:35 GMT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 19 Mar 2002 01:47:35 GMT
Organization: AT&T Broadband
Date: Tue, 19 Mar 2002 01:47:35 GMT
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:176890

As I read about the changes being made in EQ, and the discussion
here over the weekend, it seems apparent that Verant's target
here is not the longtime dedicated "Evercrack" addict. Certainly
they hope to "do no harm" to your interest in the game, but their
primary concern here is the more casual gamer -- both attracting
them and keeping them.

Which means, frankly, me. I got EQ about a year ago, and was
quite impressed with it. I know a couple of real hard-core
players who got me interested in it, and I have enjoyed it quite
a bit. I played maybe 5 to 10 hours per week typically, and my
dwarf cleric "Chinetter" on the Saryrn server had gotten to level
34, and I'd joined a congenial guild. Meanwhile my 9-year-old son
was enjoying the game too, he likes to try new characters and
usually runs out of steam around level 6, but he loves exploring
the beautiful and rich gameworld, and whacking beasties.

Yet I regretfully cancelled my account some weeks ago. I was in
fact about to give DAOC a try when I learned of the EQ changes
coming in.

I did some reading about DAOC, and talked to a couple of people
who had tried it, and there are some ways in which EQ seems
clearly superior. Still, I was about to jump, for reasons which
basically can be summed up as: EQ had gotten to feel like a job,
not a game -- and I already have a job. The program is great, its
got a lot going for it, but it feels too much like a job.

Also, those of us who want to play for an hour at a time or less
really aren't welcomed by EQ (and are predictably scorned here by
the more heavy-duty players).

I think there are many EQ players, largely not represented in the
newsgroup traffic, who feel much the same way, and I think we are
the primary target of Verant's changes now. With that in mind,
I'll run through the list of changes and think about whether they
make me more or less likely to come back, and to enjoy EQ more:

a) Elimination of spellbook during medding for casting classes.

Not actually a huge deal for me, even though most of my
experience has been as a cleric. While medding, I could chat; and
I'd be following the group's fighting by watching the health
bars, anyway. For me, the issue was the _amount_ of time I had to
just sit, not what was on the screen while I did it.

b) Faster exp progress through levels 1-9.

This will make players like me (and my son) more likely to play
EQ, yes. It will make playing the different classes more
different sooner (in hours of play time) -- the first X hours of
play for all classes is more or less the same, and now X will get
smaller, which is good.

c) Characters through 9 leave nothing on their corpse when they
die.

This is will also encourage newer and more-casual players.
However if this also means that dying through level 9 costs no
experience (I'm not clear on that), then they've gone too far.
Well my son would love it, but he don't pay the credit card
bill....If dying costs literally _nothing_, then any game becomes
pointless, that turns the first 9 levels into a tutorial. Casual
players over the age of 10 will soon realize that and lose
interest.

d) Greater experience in dungeons.

Very positive change from my angle. Perhaps EQ's greatest
strength is the richness and variety of its gameworld, but right
now its too difficult to really take advantage of that. The game
really requires grouping, and getting a group together to explore
Dalnir or whatever takes a lot of trouble and time. Those of us
not able to spend 5 or 8 hours at a time online end up doing the
same old zones over and over because that's where we can find
groups quickly. Which is a vicious circle, because that makes OT
or GF so heavily populated, so that's where to find a fast group,
so....

e) Certain spell lines being strengthened or made available
earlier.

I can only speak of the cleric lines, but this is a wise move. I
haven't seen the details yet but it doesn't sound like it will
create any uberclasses, and it will encourage certain classes to
play less defensively in the low/mid levels. Might mean that the
mix of classes gets more even, which would mean that if I
resurrect my cleric I'll see less demand for my grouping
services, but that's okay, the game needs some tweaking here and
more variety of classes being played is an improvement overall.

f) Hell levels evened out (eliminated).

Finally! My first experience with a hell level nearly knocked me
right out of the game, and the idea of slogging through several
more....that's where it really starts to be a job instead of a
game.
I do think Verant should listen to the points made on here about
all levels not being exactly the same as the last, but that can
be dealt with in other ways that don't turn certain levels into
arbitrary endurance tests. Special quests at certain levels, and
other things.

g) Global chat channels, raid chat channels, etc.

Good ideas and welcome, will add to the experience for all gamers
casual and serious alike.

h) Cleaning up the zoning effects.

Never a big issue for me, but worthwhile. Won't make a big
difference to the casual player.


IN SUM, I'll wait and see how the patching works out, but these
changes will probably get me to give EQ at least another try. I'm
not sure they completely "get it" yet from my perspective, which
means they may still lose people like me -- but at any rate I'm
not signing for DAOC for now.

--
=============
This post was from Paul Botts: prb25@spamlessattbi.com





