From -2146138484335027219
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,328b13116c175a57,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-10-24 05:34:28 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Naked Newbie Necro Tactics
Date: Wed, 24 Oct 2001 08:32:49 -0400
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3BD6B4F1.7424F705@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 51
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:129043

(Nice alliteration, eh? <g>)

Ok.. my efforts in fear kiting have been ... errr .... "not optimal".
The first time I tried it right before logging off for the evening a
couple days ago, it worked, amazingly. (It was a yellow rattlesnake in
EC. Probably the lowest level variety, in retrospect. We're talking
about a buck naked level 4  human necro with nothing but a cracked
staff, but the pet at that time was level 5 with a rusty two hander and
dishing out about 18 dmg per shot.)

Since then, (even since making level 5) I've been getting slaughtered
regularly when I try this on yellow mobs. As long as I fight blues and
use the pet as a "partner" in a "dynamic duo" melee attack I seem to be
undefeatable. I send in the pet and let him tank a little while I cast
disease cloud and maybe poison bolt if it's an even con, then I jump in
before pet's health gets too low and I tank it a bit, meleeing with my
staff and lifetapping it to keep the damage to a minimum. There's no
blue or white mobs we've failed to take this way, and the xp flows in at
an acceptable rate.

But I'm keen to explore the faster xp world of soloing some yellows with
all my new skills/spells and doing this "fear kiting" that all the
experienced necros here rave about. So, I try pulling a bigger mob with
clinging darkness (usually works) then /pet attack, poison bolt, fear,
and hope to follow along with the pet whacking the mob as it runs away
snared. Problem is, that combination of spells has pretty much wiped out
my mana entirely. Neither fear nor darkness seem to last long enough to
get the mob down far enough, and when it turns, the yellows can often
take out my pet before too long, leaving me basically OOM and facing an
angry yellow mob with little more than a broom handle. This is not
conducive to necro longevity as I have proved repeatedly.

So am I doing something wrong? Or is level five just to early to be
trying this and I should just be sticking with the dynamic duo melee
strategy for a few more levels?  I know I could probably improve my odds
if I just went ahead and twinked the hell out of him, but I'm trying to
hold off on that. First of all, I don't feel like losing a bunch of
expensive gear on a fast rotting lvl 5 corpse, but also, I'd like to
learn all the basics of how to properly play the class under adverse
circumstances, rather than relying on full flayed skin armor, some great
robe, a harvester, and 200+ INT jewelry to do my work for me.

What are the basic fighting strategies for a boy and his skeleton at
these four to ten levels? 
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
"Television is the first truly democratic culture -- the first culture
available to everyone and entirely governed by what the people want. The
most terrifying thing is what people do want." 
-- Clive Barnes


