From -3392677788602390021
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,959f248559af8e32,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
Path: controlnews3.google.com!postnews1.google.com!not-for-mail
From: mike@mikeshea.net (Mike Shea)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 38: Xuzl
Date: 1 Jun 2004 13:26:30 -0700
Organization: http://groups.google.com
Lines: 109
Message-ID: <f4b815e0.0406011226.a4a30d0@posting.google.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: 192.160.51.70
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 8bit
X-Trace: posting.google.com 1086121591 32094 127.0.0.1 (1 Jun 2004 20:26:31 GMT)
X-Complaints-To: groups-abuse@google.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 1 Jun 2004 20:26:31 +0000 (UTC)
Xref: controlnews3.google.com alt.games.everquest:4485

Tales of Loral
Chapter 38: Xuzl

The room was small, no more than twelve feet across, with a desk, a
rug, and a bed. On a chair opposite the door was the artifact, covered
with a black cloth. Loral's eyes never left the object as he closed
and bolted the door. Loral couldn't help but wonder if it was the last
time he would ever see the outside world again.

With a small knife, Loral carved runes of protection into the wood of
the door and into the supporting beams. He used the dust of crushed
peridots and globes of summoned water to make a shimmering paste that
he filled into the carved runes. A prayer to his goddess and a wave of
his hand made the runes shine with an internal light. Loral prayed
again, this time surrounding his body with a magical shell of
protection from both physical, mental, and elemental attacks. He did
not know what he might face in this encounter, it was best to be
prepared. With his protection spells in place, Loral was ready.

Loral pulled back the cloth and revealed the circular shield. It
appeared dull and scarred from thousands of battles. It was an
artifact of the Plane of Fire, a shield that held magical powers
beyond the understanding of mortals. It had been forged before the
existence of man or elf, a weapon of power in a war long past. There
was something deeper, however. During its last battle the shield had
captured a piece of the spirit it once protected. Loral closed his
eyes and began to speak.

"Awaken, Xuzl." Loral felt a flash of heat as the shield came alive.
Loral imagined the shield expanding into a gateway, its oily surface
appearing as a black liquid. A red claw extended out. A blast of hot
sulphuric air blew Loral's hair back. He could feel the beast enter
the room, over two thousand pounds of muscled hatred and fire.

Loral heard the thud of Xuzl's hoof hitting the wooden floor. He felt
the mass of the beast all around him. The floor seemed to sink under
the demon's weight. Loral heard leather wings unfold around him,
filling the entire room. He could smell the beast's burning breath
beating down on him. Through his closed eye lids he could see the
burning green eyes of Solusek's guardian. In a basement of a bar in
Felwithe Loral sat in front of one of the most dangerous creatures
ever to step foot upon Norrath.

Xuzl's voice boomed. "At last we speak, elf. I wondered when this
moment would occur." Xuzl laughed, a sound mixed of screaming children
and steel scratching on stone. Loral could feel Xuzl's mind probing
into Loral's, seeking control.

"Stand down, Xuzl." Loral spoke, putting as much strength into his
voice as he could. "I know what you are and I have seen your powers
before. You shall not have control over me." Loral held his hand up
revealing the black oval scar on his palm - a scar it the shape of an
eye. "I have been possessed before, demon. I have tasted the breath of
evil from my own mouth and I shall not taste it again."

Xuzl considered the scar for a moment. "A beast of Innoruuk gave you
this," the demon spoke with a voice both deep and gratingly sharp.
"The Prince of Hate never had much patience. Your resistance to me is
no concern. In time, priest, you will feel the strength I can give to
you and perhaps you will see things differently."

"Perhaps I should toss you into the pits of Lavastorm."

Xuzl laughed. "Perhaps some red-skinned goblin would find me there.
Perhaps his mind would not be as strong as your own and perhaps I
would be released faster than I thought." Loral felt his heart sink at
the demon's logic.

"I am a patient one, priest." Xuzl continued, "I have many powers to
give and many tales to tell. I will not lie to you as Innoruuk's fiend
did. It is far more entertaining to watch you burn by your own twisted
truth."

"And what truth is that?"

"The truth that you do more to damage your world than you do to
protect it. Do you think you've saved Norrath by killing Fennin Ro? Do
you think no one will take the throne? Can you not see the great
imbalance you have created? The Planes are a scale, pasty elf, and you
just took all of the weight off of one side. It is only a matter of
time before the world crumbles around you." Again came the
steel-scraping laugh.

"I have tasted the blood of your grandfather, elf." Xuzl's heat grew
as he spoke. "I heard him scream out to a goddess that would not
listen when I ripped him in half and crushed his skull in my teeth. A
thousand of your kind I have killed, but your own self destruction may
be the most entertaining death I have seen."

"Perhaps, demon. But for now you will serve the will of Tunare. You
will serve as my hand, as I serve as hers. And when your time of
service is up, I will return you to your fiery pits with the other
vermin that infest your world."

Loral opened his eyes. The room felt no different than it had when he
first entered. The demon was gone. The scarred shield sat quietly
across from him. Loral picked it up and slipped it onto his arm,
feeling its warmth.

Loral considered the danger of such an item. To have the voice of one
so versed in the ways of the outer planes was a benefit beyond
measure, even if the voice was so foul as Xuzl's. If the will of
Tunare is served and the protection of the elves is sound, the methods
may not be questioned. It would not be the first time Loral had fought
next to the hand of darkness in order to serve the greater good and it
would not be the last.

Loral climbed up the steps of the bar's basement and into the city of
Felwithe. The demon sat comfortably on his arm.


