From 6093201225902031231
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ca41369cf50c8b87
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-12-05 15:27:31 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Could IBM have done it to me again???
Date: Wed, 05 Dec 2001 18:28:42 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C0EADAA.1DE708C7@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <3C0E957E.68913685@stny.rr.com> <9um7vm02rda@drn.newsguy.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 88
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:142506

Handy Solo wrote:
> For the life of me, I can't visualize this.  Heh - don't suppose you have a
> digital camera handy...  I've been in a lot of IBM, Dell, Gateway machines over
> the years...

Sadly, no. I don't keep one around here. But I can certainly give a
better description than I did before. My "thingie" description was
mostly to demonstrate that any wiser heads answering were talking to a
relative newbie in hardware upgrades and not to assume too much in
answers. Here's something a little better:

In the left side of the case, towards the back, the mobo has an AGP slot
with the current video card in it. It's a Matrox Millenium G400
(English). It's *not* some IBM proprietary card. I've shopped around on
the net and you can get Matrox Milleniums for about the price of dog
crap. The thing is, that the Matrox is alligned such that when you plug
it into the AGP slot on the mobo (on the "floor) of the case, the port
lines up at the top of the card. This is where the video cable from the
monitor plugs in. (And it's the same video cable connector as the rest,
same as my wife's Gateway, et. three rows of five pins, offsetting.) The
weird thing is that the card, on the lower (towards the mobo) side at
the back has a "cutout" so that it will fit around the dustcover where
the sound cabled connect to a small adaptor box that is hardwired into
the mobo. This means that you can't juryrig it in with the connector
lower down. In order for the card to fit, the connector *has* to be at
the top of the card, near the top of the case. Sorry if that's muddy,
but it's as clear as I can make it. The new Geforce II card's I ordered
have the connector at the bottom (i.e closest to the fins where it plugs
into the AGI slot.) This won't work in this IBM configuration, though it
worked like a champ replacing the nVidia TNT in my wife's Gateway which
is now running EQ like a bad boy.
 
> So.. the 'thingy' that the monitor plugs into in the IBM - that's a card, right?

Yes. It's the male portion of the connector that the female connector on
the cable from the monitor plugs into. There's a silver metal dust cover
"box" that surrounds it.

> When you hold your new AGP super-duper card next to it, do they even look
> related?  Do the slots line up?

The holes on the AGP slot where you plug the card line up fine. However,
the "back end" of the card (the part facing the back of the case where
the video cable would plug into it) are very different. My current one
has a cut-out (as mentioned above) to make room for where the audio
cables plug in. The new geforce cards I ordered for both machines are
rectangular in shape and have no such cutout to allow for the audio
input stuff. In fact, the connector where I would need to plug my
monitor cable into is at the *bottom*of the card where the audio stuff
is. It does not fit. Same adapter and slot sections, though. If I could
rip out my audio connectors and cables, I could fudge it right in. 
 
> Is the monitor out on a different edge in the IBM?!?

Same edge of the video card. (The back edge.) But it's on the "top"
(relative to the case) where the current one is on the bottom.
Strangely, on the Gateway it was also on the opposite edge, but nothing
was blocking me from installing the new one (which has the dust cover
attachment with the hole on the opposite side) and I plugged it in and
it ran fine. Mine likely would too if it weren't for the annoying audio
plug in bits blocking this option. They are hardwired to the mobo,
apparently, and I can't move them.
 
> Better yet (and I'm sure you've done this before...) want to post the model
> number(s) of your machine (most likely again)?  I'd cheerfully go look it up.
> I'm quite curious.

No problem. It's an IBM Intellistation E Pro 6867-12U. It came with
original 128 MB RDRAMM (RIMM) [since upgraded to 512] Windows 98 SE, the
aforementioned Matrox Millenium video card, P3-600 processor, DirectX
7.0 [since upgraded to 8.1 successfully]. Not much else to say about it
off the top of my head.

> >Has IBM fucked me again? Is this some proprietary hardware bullshit
> >again? Off to open up the Gateway machine where I"m sure one of these
> >new cards will fit marvelously. Any input appreciated.
> 
> Dunno.  I could see you have the video on the motherboard in the IBM - that
> wouldn't be all that unusual.  But a 'weird' card just sounds... err... 'weird'!

Don't know if it's "weird" but it's not on the motherboard. Sound is,
but that hasn't become an issue yet. (cross fingers)
-- 
jaZZ md
*******
"You've been an idiot all your life but I bet the people around you
aren't asking for a refund of the time you wasted."
- - Lokari


