From 8528941602914163091
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,4580d83f98863f56,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-03-23 15:10:32 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Scott T. Jensen" <stj@charter.net>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Suggestions please for how to deal with a camp-stealing group
Date: Sun, 23 Mar 2003 17:10:55 -0600
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Message-ID: <v7sfn8d4840921@corp.supernews.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2800.1106
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2800.1106
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 99
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:273250

4:17 pm cst
Server: Tunare

I just got off of EQ and I'm seeking some advice on what, if anything can be
done about the following group of players.

I was in a group in KC at the DT camp.  We got trained and wiped out.  I
wouldn't be surprised it was accidental and by someone trying to bring a
corpse for me to rez as I was the only cleric in the zone that was 56+.
Anyway...

When I reappeared in Nexus, I ran to the Kunarks pad.  Lucky me, it
activated within a few seconds after I arrived at them.  When I appeared at
the DL spires, I get a tell from Cappadonna Kenafin <Emerald Stars> that if
I turn over the DT camp to her/his group, s/he'll rez me.  I told her/him
that we were just wiped out and on our way back.  S/he then said that the
camp is theirs and then didn't rez me.  I proceeded to tell her/him that we
had just been wiped out by a train and that we were all coming back to the
camp.  S/he said that once no living PC was at a camp that it was free for
any to take.  I pointed out that s/he can see all the dead fully-equipped
corpses around there and obviously it just happened.  Nothing I said
persuaded her/him from doing what I felt was the right thing to do and leave
the camp for my group to retake.  After making no headway in convincing
her/him, I'd said I'd be reporting this to her/his guild and s/he laughed
and told me s/he was one of her/his guild's officers.

As I'm having this conversation, we're reassembling and one of the group is
running to the tunnel to hand me a sow potion to enable me to more quickly
and safely get back.

When I get back, our rogue has pulled all the corpses to the zone and I rez
my group and then myself.  I then go to the DT camp and write down all the
names in the camp-stealing group and their guilds.  The group starts
verbally abusing me as I do this.  As I leave, I tell them in /say what
their cleric did, that we had the camp, that we were just wiped out, that we
were assembling again to take it back, and that they were wrong for stealing
the camp.  I also said that they've all been added to my No Rez list and
that I'll be contacting their guild officers about this incident.  Again, I
said this all in /say.  I then left.  Cappadonna then /shouts "SCREW YOU
SUNBREEZE!".  Before I continue, let me state who was in that camp-stealing
group and their guilds.

Cappadonna Kenafin <Emerald Stars>
Daerthe Vaderr <Dreamweavers>
Stormynight Soulslasher <Emerald Stars>
Adary Lefare <Children of a Burning Heart>
Countach <no guild>

Cappadonna, Daerthe, and Stormynight then show their true colors by
attacking me in /shout and /ooc.  I tell the zone in /ooc exactly what the
group did and this just makes that group attack me more.

During all this verbal abuse, Adary privately sends me a tell and says s/he
told the group that they should give up the camp, that they were wrong, and
I was right.  I then exchanged polite tells with Adary and told her/him that
this is a social game and reputation is important ... especially the higher
you level in the game.  I tell her/him that if a group does something wrong
that you object to, one should say so and if the group doesn't do the right
thing, one should leave the group. At first, s/he wouldn't because s/he
didn't feel s/he did anything wrong.  When I pointed out that by staying
with the group, you're condoning the group's behavior and that even though
you don't participate in the rude /ooc's and /shout's that staying clearly
states where you stand on the issue.  Eventually, s/he agrees and tells me
that s/he has left the group.  Personally, I'd like to believe Adary and
have removed her/him from my No Rez list and won't be contacting her/his
guild.  I however had asked her to state her position to the zone, but she
wouldn't.  I informed her I was talking with those in the zone and that by
doing so, s/he can make everyone in the zone aware of her/his position.
Again, s/he didn't.

Because all the camps in KC were taken, our group disbanded and most camped.
While talking in private tells to people in the zone that sent me tells
asking what was going on, the camp-stealing group gets wiped out.  They then
move their corpses to the zone line where I am talking to others in the zone
about them.  I'm not sure, but I think another group purposely trained the
camp-stealing group for what they did.  Regardless, Cappadonna, Daerthe, and
Stormynight see me at the zone line and continue their verbal attacks in
/say.  I don't return in kind, but am amused because some of the people that
I'm privately talking to are also standing right there and they tell me the
group is just a bunch of jerks and I should report them to their guilds.

Now the guild I'm about to join didn't have any officers online at this time
so I came here to ask how do I contact the Emerald Stars and Dreamweavers
guilds to make their officers aware of the conduct of their members?  Am I
correct that this wasn't something that I should have petitioned a gm/guide
over?  And besides reporting this incident to the guild I'm about to join,
reporting the players to their guild, and putting them on my No Rez list, is
there anything else I can do?  I don't think so but maybe there is.  In all
my 56 levels, I've never come across such a group of jerks and I hope I
never do again.

Scott Jensen
a.k.a. Sunbreeze, 56 lvl cleric, Tunare server
--
Like a cure for A.I.D.S, Alzheimer, Parkinson, & Mad Cow Disease?
Volunteer your computer for folding-protein research for when it's idle.
Go to http://www.distributedfolding.org/ to sign up your computer.




