From 9204421645042235451
X-Google-Thread: fb739,ab21e995121a7fba
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public,usenet
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news2.google.com!border1.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.giganews.com!local01.nntp.dca.giganews.com!nntp.dejazzd.com!news.dejazzd.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 02 Jul 2007 07:53:37 -0500
Date: Mon, 02 Jul 2007 08:53:32 -0400
From: Lance Berg <emporer@NOSPAM.dejazzd.com>
User-Agent: Thunderbird 1.5.0.12 (Windows/20070509)
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Bard's Melody
References: <LqmdnZCAgYa0mhjbnZ2dnUVZ_r-onZ2d@dejazzd.com>
In-Reply-To: <LqmdnZCAgYa0mhjbnZ2dnUVZ_r-onZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=ISO-8859-1; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Message-ID: <Eb-dnXEwJ9HMaBXbnZ2dnUVZ_sapnZ2d@dejazzd.com>
Lines: 184
X-Usenet-Provider: http://www.giganews.com
NNTP-Posting-Host: 72.25.55.237
X-Trace: sv3-WJQc1E34wvtnLl16A69SIECIH9rkeayMWUt+HUJohYKO5ImXlIntCS9cCNJtuRWcYEV5uKI2+7EPChO!imJZpCLxnJ0gkLE7X4AcASjbZOmcqG19toHLSjGbYFEf48Azp3R42bw4VxOVS6TLrIZ2VD+Lo3Yd!bektLN0UcZo=
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-DMCA-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Please be sure to forward a copy of ALL headers
X-Abuse-and-DMCA-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Postfilter: 1.3.35
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:11511


Helping out on one of the 1.5 epics (rogue?  Bard?  ranger?  I wasn't 
clear) we had to kill a pair of Marsingers at the GFay Nexus portal. 
Fun fight, one of the pair runs at selos speed, and apparantly will flee 
if melee'd (we didn't confirm this), so he has to be killed by pets. At 
any rate he does have a 750 a tic DOT and a 1500 DD.  So we used pets 
and ranged attacks to take him out.  Funny thing was, he drops some 
temporary gear, Stefan's, all magic, temporary, no trade, bard only, all 
bard races.  I couldn't resist making up a wood elf bard quick and 
running him down to loot up.  Actually, 23 minute timer on the body, 
quick wasn't really necessary.

Stefan's Breastplate AC 54
Stefan's Vambraces AC 29
Stefan's Bracer AC 21
Stefan's Bracer AC 21
Stefan's Greaves AC 36
Stefan's Gauntlets AC 21
Stefan's Boots AC 25

Its a coppery red in appearance, plate look.

Camped out, reentered into the Tutorial, and punched out 6 levels, 
bleary as I was, so I could AE Dot a guard and die, leaving a good 
looking corpse.

Then I went out to POK, took the GFay book, and went and bought a hand 
drum, lute, wooden flute, and horn.  At 6 I don't have any wind or brass 
songs yet, but what the heck, I was there.  I left the comp overnight 
with me standing there drumming selos, came back in the morning with 
that maxed at 35/35.

Camped out, back in to the tutorial, off to have some fun.  My body is 
indeed still there, with its mix of uber no rent and crappy quest 
burlap, funny.  I set up my next melody bar.  Now I'm playing a 3 twist, 
chant, COD, Hymn... I'm a real bard, buffing, DOTTing and healing, thats 
the basics.  Of course this presents a dilemna, as it means I need a 
group or I need to start juggling, or I'll have to use sing only; from 
long experience I know that although the instruments go in secondary 
slot, they prevent using the primary slot.  But HOLD THE PHONE

My weapon, which I looted, is in my primary slot, while my drum is still 
in my secondary.  I swap in the lute, no problem.

WOW what a huge change.

Some brief experiemtnts prove to me that yes, the instruments function, 
my heal size goes up when the lute is in, DoT size too, my stats go up 
more when the drum is in.

I build a simple juggle setup; drag secondary slot and one inventory 
slot to my hotbar.  Now I can pick an instrument up on my cursor, and 
drop it in to my hand on the beat, and back for the next beat.  Of 
course in all honesty, I'm too lazy to do that for the slight benefit 
for most fights, chant of battle isn't making that much of a difference 
when soloing.  But the ease with which its accomplished, and the fact 
that I don't need to worry about giving up some weapon damage while 
doing it, is fantastic.  Heck, the fact that I can just leave an 
instrument in and use a weapon is astonishing on its own.  Big upgrade 
to the class, can't think why nobody has mentioned it.  Probably years old.

The addition of instruments and hymn is a big improvement, I solo the 
Queen without going below 95% hp,while at level 5 she killed me before I 
got her to 60%.

Completing the spider quests I move on to Kobolds which are no more 
challenging.  I do get interupted in some fights, a stun breaks my 
melody so I keep having to restart it.  No big deal at first, but I 
level up to 7 and go after the Captains, they interrupt me a lot more. 
I'm using a 4 part melody, but I'm now considering making a three part, 
dropping Chant of Battle, because the restarts are making it hard to 
keep Hymn running, which is the most important part.  Wait, simple 
solution, twist should be hymn warsong COD Chant.  This way, restarts 
will go first with my priority song, and only get around to chant if I'm 
not interrupted at all.

I develop a rudimentary strategy; I watch my melody run around, and make 
my attack as my COD is about to land.  This way the fight starts with 
the DOT going on right away, the buffs are all constantly there anyway.

ANother discovery, I try sitting down with melody playing... when the 
melody finishes the song it was on when I sat, I autostand back up to 
start the next.  Funny.  OK, thats fair, I make a button for just 
Hymn... cause the Captains are tougher than the Queen, and after 4 of 
them plus some sundry warriors, I'm at 25%.  OOC med plus hymn takes 
care of that quicker than I can type it.

My earlier bard was a Vah Shir, this one is a wood elf... another 
discovery, I can forage while melody is playing.  Not while attacking, 
but I can click off attack, forage, click it back on.  Not that this is 
a huge deal, since the skill is capped at 50, but I will probably tie 
forage to my left turn arrow so as to pick up rare junk or just keep 
myself fed while I play.

Strings go up slow.  Despite playing them constantly, I'm about to ding 
8 and still only at 19. Overlord Gnikan plus one warrior kicks my 
woodelf butt, in part by chain interrupting my melody, I keep having to 
restart, he's rarely got a DOT on and I can't even keep Hymn running 
reliably.

Here's some fun, unrelated to bard as such.  I respawn at the default 
bind spot.. unable to move.  Someone else is standing there, afk, and 
I'm trapped.  Ducking, jumping, nothing seems to work.  I hit Rewind and 
boom, I'm back at the Overlord, getting killed again!  Naked it doesn't 
take long, and I'm back stuck again.  Luckily I can sit, so I log out 
and use enter tutorial button to log back in.   That puts me in a 
different spot, and I'm free to move.  This doesn't normally happen 
because soulbinders and PC's casting bind affinity will bind you where 
you stand, and odds are very low thats exactly the same spot as someone 
else who happens to be dead and standing where you are.  I use the 
Soulbinder to prevent this happening again.  Corpse Summoner, I'm back 
in business.

Ding 8, the song for this level is lull, no need to build a new melody. 
  Thus far, no need to worry about the inability of the system to pull 
off a 5 twist, since there's still no more than 4 songs I'll want to 
sing at once.  No thats not true, outdoors I guess I might want to twist 
in selos for some reason, maybe if fear kiting with an SK buddy or 
something.  I try out lull, and find it works about 2/3rds of the time. 
  On tutorial mobs, when it works it works amazingly well, I can walk so 
close I think our shoulders are touching; I use it principaly as invis 
light, there aren't many spots where I'm worried about getting more than 
one mob.

Ding 9, two spells, one that lets me turn melee weapons into magical 
ones for the purposes of wisps and ghouls et al.  I won't mem that much.
The other is Elemental Rhythms, which is a resist booster... and which I 
also won't mem much, don't expect I'll be hitting mobs with spells I 
care about for quite some time to come.  Only 8 slots in the lineup, I 
don't even bother unmemming one and subbing one of these in, and I'm 
still relying on 6 7 2 1 for my combat purposes; hymn, warsong, COD, Chant

I experiment again with potions; both the celestial heal and the HOT 
ones at this level are insta cast, and definitely do not interrupt my 
melody.

Ding 10, now I get Anthem de Arms, thats group haste and strength.  I 
kill Jig o Vigor, which has no known use at this time (it used to 
refresh stamina, but apparantly doesn't do so for the Endurance bar that 
replaced it.  I should experiment to see if thats true)  Its sung, 
rather than instruments, I get more str out of it than I do Chant of 
Battle without a drum, but the haste doesn't stack with warsong, and 
Chant buffs dex and AC in addition to Str, plus if I do juggle in the 
drum it is actually a bigger increase in Str.  Anthem and CoB don't 
stack.  I make a new melody button which doesn't have CoB and does have 
Anthem, switching the order around to 6 3 2 7 as hasting the group 
should be more important than hasting me.  Solo, I'm still better off 
with my first mix.

Experimenting, I find that I can get skill ups in both Strings and 
Singing by putting on a melody of hymn and anthem with strings in hand. 
  Since Anthem is singing, this counts as using that "instrument".

I get a partner to kill the Overlord, along with adds cause I'm sloppy. 
  I notice something interesting, when I'm stunned at one point, I get 
not one but 4 messages saying I can't cast while stunned.  Excited, I 
later make a new melody to experiment with, 6 7 2 1 6 7 2 1 6 7 2 1 all 
the way across the line.  My hope is that since the stun interrupts are 
very brief, if I'm hit early in a melody, perhaps the melody will skip 
11 attempts and kick back in.  Another indicator that this might work is 
that I've successfully looted bodies, if I do it quickly enough, without 
interrupting my melody, while if I linger over the looting, it stops. 
Doesn't work though, sadly, I never get stunned messages and continue 
melody.

Finish up all the quests, my shaman partner leaves.  Still buffed for 
Pit Fiend, I go back and try overlord again.  Lull one warrior, lull 
overlord, run past Spiritweaver to aggro him and into the chest room. 
Sadly, the overlord comes along, so much for my perfect plan.  But the 
spiritweaver dies fairly rapidly, and the overlord, while still tough, 
isn't that bad alone.  I take him down while dropping only to 50%.  He 
drops the 10% haste ranged item for me, so I'm a happy camper.

Finish up this note, and I'm going to leave the bard running with Chant 
playing and a drum in hand, to max out my Percussion skill which has 
sadly not progressed for several levels, as I'm too lazy to juggle the 
drum in for the slight benefit of boosted chant stats on all but the 
hardest fights.  Strings literally doubles my hymn and COD effects... 
but adding an extra 3 points of str and sundry other stats doesn't mean 
so much to me.

Songberg, 10 Bard, Combine




