From 3179072527236579893
X-Google-Thread: fb739,864b5eb8ba35b4c6
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!news.glorb.com!newsfeed2.telusplanet.net!newsfeed.telusplanet.net!newsfeed.telus.net!clgrps13.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "James Grahame" <jamesgrahame@shaw.ca>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: <csm8aq0n8f@news1.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: Monual's New Server
Lines: 97
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Response
Message-ID: <htUHd.132456$KO5.56020@clgrps13>
Date: Thu, 20 Jan 2005 20:25:49 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 64.180.97.29
X-Trace: clgrps13 1106252749 64.180.97.29 (Thu, 20 Jan 2005 13:25:49 MST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 20 Jan 2005 13:25:49 MST
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:30007


"Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com> wrote in message 
news:csm8aq0n8f@news1.newsguy.com...
>  I asked the recruiter, a cleric

    He's also the GL. :-)

> if there was a cleric channel.  He told they had a channel that all 
> healers spammed heal messages into, and a channel strictly for the 
> Complete Heal Chain.  I joined both while trying my best to heal.  We had 
> stopped spamming heals long ago in my old guild and I actually had no heal 
> hotkeys anymore except for my CHC hotkey.  I decided against creating them 
> right there because Phase 3 of Time is hectic enough as it is.

    Get those keys made if they aren't already, using the templates from the 
cleric section of the web site. No healing messages from you, combined with 
your later joke about not healing, could give people the wrong impression. 
;-)

> We began, and the CHC is sloppy.

    It really burns my bottom how bad some of the new folks are at such a 
simple task. One of them can't handle a CH chain without using /pause - he 
just can't do it. You tell them, "Four clerics, no recast delay, count it 
out to make sure you're still spaced right." What you get is all sorts of 
craziness. But when your server has had one third of its accounts cancelled, 
what do you do?

> The recruit has actually never been in a raid before and struggles with 
> the CHC.  One cleric takes a few rotations to actually participate. 
> Despite all that, the Main Tank stays alive the entire fight and we win.

    Level 70 and exceptional gear for the win! :-) We're lucky that the 
warriors that quit, by and large, were the ones with weaker gear. Warriors 
like Tera are darned near unkillable, which is good thing given the healing!

> Plus, of course, as a recruit I'm certain it will be quite a while before 
> I qualify for loot.

    No, actually you could expect it pretty soon if you go for some of the 
more common stuff. Our new people have spent themselves into massive holes 
gearing up, and the older people don't want/need stuff. So, for example, 
you'd have an awesome shot at pretty much any Qvic piece you wanted. If you 
wanted something that the older players wanted, though, you'd have a very 
small chance.

> I also find out that there's a raid channel they forgot to invite me into, 
> and that I've been missing the instructions (and, incidentally, the loot 
> drops) that have been sent to that channel.  I wonder why they need a raid 
> channel when they could simply use /raidsay, but decide it's not in my 
> best interests to ask.

    /rsay isn't moderated, and it tends to get spammed. You can tell people 
not to do it, but eventually an officer will forget and send something 
chatty/inappropriate there and the problem starts up all over again. The 
raid channel we set up is moderated, so only important things should appear 
there.

> They begin to clean up all the adds that Saryn spawns during the fight, 
> when suddenly a *ton* of mobs from Phase 5 suddenly appear.
> I flee from the battle.  The other clerics die quickly, followed by the 
> rest of the raid.  I've never seen Phase 5 mobs add into a Phase 4 battle 
> before and comment about that in the group.  Another cleric says it 
> happens to them quite a bit.  I wonder if it's because of the order they 
> do the mobs - my old guild always did TT and Saryn first, then TZ and VZ.

    Historically, we did the Zeks first so if we had major issues with wipes 
on them and had to re-clear to phase four, we'd have the easiest gods to 
clear with a low time limit. Since returning to Time post-WoW, we've had the 
warping issue - never prior. It would be smart to start with the non-Zeks 
first, but old habits die hard. ;-) If you're fast, you can do what I did 
the last time it happened to us and save the raid: get outside the Saryrn 
area, target a bard (since those poor fools WILL get aggro when stuff 
warps), and as soon as the warp happens drop a big, fast heal on him. You 
will get aggro on every mob there, and you kite them in circles around the 
centre table. As long as you have Run 5 or faster speed, you're fine. Just 
be sure to remind the special people in guild to NOT damage the mobs before 
getting firm aggro on them, as they summon and getting the kiter summoned 
and killed is most unwise.

> Another cleric, who paradoxically is roleplaying in /ooc, compliments me 
> for my altruism.  This cleric is evidently well-known for this and lots of 
> people respond in /ooc. There's lot's for me to learn about the people on 
> this server, but I'm looking forward to it.

    OOC roleplaying could be one of two people. The cleric is Loral, who 
posts here as Mike Shea and who is a writer for Mobhunter. He comes with us 
on the odd raid (old friend of LC), so you should get to meet him 
eventually. The other is a paladin, Penroc, or Penny (she's a she), GL of a 
very old guild, Council of Arcana. She goes around the server buffing and 
aiding people all the time, and is a very well-known and loved player. I 
made her a suit of magnetic armour for free, and "free" isn't something a 
dwarf does often!

    James 




