From 1449773621860212984
X-Google-Thread: fb739,c23a5c4ba07d3734,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!pln-e!spln!rex!extra.newsguy.com!newsp.newsguy.com!news4
From: "Richard Lawson" <nouma@msn.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Monual's DoN adventures
Date: Thu, 2 Jun 2005 15:54:05 -0500
Organization: http://newsguy.com
Lines: 167
Message-ID: <d7nrld02ah@news4.newsguy.com>
NNTP-Posting-Host: p-820.newsdawg.com
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2527
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2527
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:35959

Well, after taking a three-month break, I've begun to get back into 
EverQuest again.

I had a IM conversation with my former guildleader, who was now part of a 
guild on Povar.  Since all the guilds I had joined on Quellious had died, I 
put in a movelog to Povar.  I was worried that I wouldn't get there since I 
had recently x-servered from Drinal to Quellious, but one day I logged in 
and Monual was no longer on Quellious.  I quickly renamed all my ini files 
and loaded him up on Povar.  Yay.

I immediately put in an app with the high-end guild there.  They just as 
immediately turned me down.  Seems they require all the signets needed for 
Anguish access.  I have all the signets from "normal" zones, but I don't 
have any from the instanced zones in Dranik's Scar and Ruined City of 
Dranik.  Drat.

I got the names of a few people who would similarly be farming signets, so I 
added them to my /note.  In the meantime, I was alone and guildless on 
Povar.

I eased my way into introductions by offering free Convictions / Virtues / 
Temperance.  I began to learn some of the new terminology.  I had only 
thought of one bank in PoK, as the other is slightly hidden.  However, with 
the Dragons of Norrath expansion, that other bank is closer to the guild 
lobby than the larger standalone bank.  This has led to the new terminology: 
"Stone" or "Main" bank, and "Wood" bank, reflecting what the walls of each 
bank are made of.

There was also a raging debate one evening in /ooc over whether KEI was "C3" 
or not.  I myself am firmly in the "KEI" camp, but hey, it doesn't really 
matter so long as it's understood.  I drew some chuckles by offering free 
buffs of "Aego2" and "Aego3".

After a couple of days of this, I put up LFG.  I almost instantly got the 
tell "DoN?"

I had stopped playing almost as soon as DoN came out.  So I knew absolutely 
nothing about DoN or what was entailed.  So I responded, "Sure.  This will 
be my first one, though."  I was told, "Get to camp."  "What camp?"  "In 
LS."

So I took a PoK stone to Neriak and zoned into Lavastorm.  Wow, has *this* 
zone changed.  My very first character, a Dark Elf wizard I stopped playing 
at level 12, spent a lot of time in this zone years ago.  The new Lavastorm 
is a lot smoother and has a lot nicer texture to it.  I opened up the map, 
trying to figure out where the camp was.  I asked for directions, and was 
told to go to the Bloodfield zone.  I examine the map thoroughly, then reply 
that I don't see a zone to Bloodfield, just an entrance to something called 
the Broodlands.  "Er, yeah, that's what I meant" is the sheepish reply.

I invis myself, probably an unnecessary precaution as everything here is 
green, and run across the fields of lava.  I find the camp in short order. 
I join the group and we zone into the Broodlands, which is very similar to 
the new Lavastorm except it has a lake.  We found our instanced adventure 
and zoned in.

We were doing something called "the Creator".  I again warned everyone how 
new this was to me, and they told me not to worry, it was pretty simple. 
And indeed it was; we cleared to a couple of places, killed a few mobs, 
collected a few key items, then formed up on a bridge to take down the 
Creator.  He died in relatively short order and I got a token and 40 radiant 
crystals.

The group broke up.  I went back to camp and, after some inquiries, was told 
to hand the token in to one of the Wayfarers.  I got lots of faction 
adjustment - negative Lanys, positive Fironia.  Cool.  I also got positive 
faction with the "good" camp here, although I was still apprehensive to 
everyone and they wouldn't speak to me.

I checked out what I could buy with my crystals.  Some very LDoN-like 
augments and items, and oh - a new spell, Ward of Vengeance.  I looked it 
up - hmm, a kind of defensive proc, where mobs would hit me and take 
occasional damage.  Interesting.

I decided I wanted this, and over the next couple of days did more DoN's. 
All of them were the same - the Creator.  Must be a relatively easy 
adventure.  I soon had enough crystals to buy my new spell.

I loaded it up and decided to take on one of the guards at the "evil" camp. 
I loaded up my solo spell set, cast the ward, and attacked.  And wow - with 
about every third hit, the guard took 405 points of damage.  Like, wow.  The 
guard had a ton of hitpoints so killing him took a long time.  But at the 
end I got some more good faction and the feeling that, perhaps, I could solo 
a little better than I could before.

After a few more DoN's, my faction was adjusted enough so that I was 
indifferent to the good camp.  I spoke with the NPC's there, and now they 
would talk to me and gave me three tasks.  Basically, kill mobs in some 
zones and loot some no-drop items.

The first one was easy: spiders in Lavaspinner's Lair.  These mobs were 
green or light blue, and I found a nice empty spot to pull the spiders too. 
I killed them quickly and easily, and after I got all the drop I instantly 
got good faction and 200pp.

Excited, I went to Stillmoon Temple to kill Stillmoon Laborers.  There, I 
was reminded of my shortcomings as a soloer.  The area was crawling with 
mobs, making getting singles very difficult, especially since there were 
lots of shaman mobs casting SoW all around.  And darn it, they'd run after 
20%, and despite having my fastest root up they'd get far enough to aggro a 
few more.  I died once trying to figure out how to zone out (should have 
done that first) and gave up after killing three of the eleven laborers 
required.

Darn it, I need snare.  I checked Allakhazam to see if there were any new 
snare items, but nope.  The only known source for human clerics was the 
Fungusbeast Gland from the caller event in Fungus Grove.  I decided to give 
it a try with my new Ward of Vengeance.  I found my way to FG, found the 
merchant, bought the trigger item, found the caller, gave him the trigger, 
followed him to an empty passage, and began killing mobs three at a time. 
With Pious Elixir I was able to stay ahead of the game healthwise, and with 
Mark of Retribution and Ward of Vengeance, the mobs were taking significant 
damage hitting me.  Alas, they too would run, but only slowly and there were 
no nearby mobs to aggro, giving me plenty of time to finish them off.

The Caller event lasts as long as you want it to, and I gave it a good two 
hours.  I got lots of minor loot but no snare glands.  I finally gave up. 
Despite the failure to get the drop I needed, I felt much better about my 
soloing abilities.  If only I had Mark of the Blameless, too.

I went back to Stillmoon temple.  This time I found a level 70 chanter who 
was also doing the same quest.  I grouped with her and suddenly it was much 
easier.  She could mez the adds I'd bring, and she could stun, mez, and root 
the mob when it tried to run.  I loaded up three stuns of my own, and while 
killing laborers still wasn't pleasant - we often had to zone out to clear 
multiple aggro - we made progress.  I got my eleven, and a few minutes later 
she had hers.

We talked for a bit, too.  When she brought forth her steadfast servant, we 
talked about the new Veteran AA's.  I had five, reflecting that I was born 
in 2001.  She had all six, having been born in 1999.  However, she had a lot 
fewer /played days, so she didn't near the equipment and spells you'd expect 
of someone who'd been playing for that long.  (Neither do I, come to think 
of it, but nevermind.)

We also talked about guilds.  I have been getting at least one tell a day 
asking why I was unguilded and being recruited into various guilds.  While I 
found this flattering, I didn't want to start all over - just the though of 
going through Ikkiniz trials makes my shoulders sag.  I wanted to be in a 
high-end guild, so I politely declined all the offers.

She had to log so I bid her farewell and headed over to Tirranun's Delve.  I 
found the goblins I needed to kill close to zone-in.  With the way the 
roamers were pathing, I couldn't avoid pulling two goblins at a time, but 
with my new Ward that was fine.  With the chanter slowing, my DPS actually 
went down, so I was just as happy to fight two unslowed mobs at once. 
Again, Pious Elixir kept even with the damage, and when these mobs ran, they 
ran slowly giving my ample time to root and kill.  It took me half an hour 
to get the five goblin teeth I needed.

That finished the first part of the DoN quests.  The next quest is a 
one-group adventure to kill some named goblin in Stillmoon.  I'll have to 
put together a group for that.  The reward seems nice - a permanent +10 to 
my stats cap.

In the meantime, I keep trying to find groups to do signet farming in the 
instanced zones.  So far no luck.  For now, I'm guildless, but having met 
quite a few people through DoN and buffing, I'm no longer quite so alone on 
the server.  =)

-Richard

Monual Lifegiver
Prelate of Rodcet Nife
Povar server 




