From 8143866403868366058
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,d2bd09575348d351
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-07-13 05:40:01 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news-spur1.maxwell.syr.edu!news.maxwell.syr.edu!howland.erols.net!cyclone2.usenetserver.com!dca6-feed1.news.digex.net!jfk3-feed1.news.digex.net!intermedia!news1.bms.com!not-for-mail
From: Jason Burgoyne <jason.burgoyne@bms.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: First Planes Raid
Date: Fri, 13 Jul 2001 08:37:45 -0400
Organization: Bristol-Myers Squibb Company
Lines: 121
Message-ID: <3B4EEB99.2E6C4382@bms.com>
References: <anB37.2564$l%.1920865@typhoon2.gnilink.net>
NNTP-Posting-Host: newsreader-hpw1.net.bms.com
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.72 [en]C-BMY  (WinNT; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
Cache-Post-Path: newsreader-hpw1.net.bms.com!unknown@krishra.nbr.pgr.bms.com
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.3.3 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:94959

First off let me say congradualtions, I'm happy to hear that spark of new
adventure from someone.  There are different rules for different planes, I have
never been to hate but I will tell you some of the rules that apply to any raid
hoping this will help.

Breaking the plane, much easier in Hate than in Fear.  From what I understand
you zone in into a house on the first floor.  From there you are either, camping
out or running to a safespot and logging out.  With the size of your raid i'm
going to assume you are running ot the safe spot.  While running to the safe
spot, if you get attacked, stop drop and roll.  In other words die right there.
Don't run, you will form nasty trains and could possibly get others killed too
(and if one is a cleric...)  That is a rule whenever you are not with the
raiding group, there are times when you might get split up and if you get
attacked, ask your group leader what to do.

I think there are 2 rules for a successful raid

1) Plan on dieing.
2) Have fun.

If you go in knowing you will die, you will have a much more successful raid.
Why?  You will not do something that will have a chance of getting the group
killed and you will take down things that you probably would not have before.

Also know that on most raids there is a difference between Camp and CAMP.  Camp
generally means the main rezzing Cleric and a Monk camp.  The raid I was on had
a Monk camp with the cleric so the Monk could clear the area for the Cleric.
CAMP means Everyone camp.  This generally excludes T1 (your primary tank group)
They are to keep the mob(s) busy for 30 seconds.

Find out which mob(s) you will be attacking and try to get resist gear for
them.  Even at the sacrifice of mana and ac.  Ubbermobs kill the group with
magic and one annoying person with hits.  As you are level 46 you will never be
that annoying person.  Keep all your normal gear on, but when the pull group
tells you they are going after X, change your gear and get ready for your Resist
X buff.  I was level 47 on my first Fear raid, we pulled I think it was Terror
that has an AE cold spell.  My cold just happened to be 81 unbuffed (I love
imbuned ivory jewellry) and I live much longer than the tanks did, I even got to
hit him with 5DD spells, too bad most of our group dropped in about 45 seconds.

Look up the special abilities of each mob, print them out and keep them next to
you at your computer.  (In hate there is an imp that will teleport you to a
random spot in the zone if you really make it mad).  You want to know what to
expect when the mobs come in, expecially which mobs cancel magic, so you can
plan your attack better.  There are some mobs that casters will start to pelt
almost right away, because they have low hps and their attacks are too vicious
to let them live too long.  (There was nothing like watching 4 wizzies cast Ice
Commet on the imp at once).

Also as you are only level 46 you will probably not have a raid role, but only a
group role.  What I mean by this is there is normally a group that will consist
of buffers that will go around (or people will come to them) to get buffed.
Know your role in each group you are in.  Sometimes if you are low you get stuck
in the Misc group.  These groups are still very necessary but here is an example
of knowing your role.

I was leader of misc group 1, my group was me 47 Shaman (in charge of slowing
every mob), 49 Monk, 47 War, 48 Cleric.  The Cleric sat on his rear almost the
entire raid waiting for the monk or warrior to get hurt, that isn't going to
happen, asside from the occasional AE.  The Cleric should have chain stunned
every mob (I tried to tell him this, but of course right after I said this our
pull group pulled two things and when I slowed one, the other came and started
pounding me, cleric says, arn't you happy I had mana...)  Anyway point is, you
have to find a way to contribute to every encounter, and yes sometimes medding
through an encounter is more helpful than one or two DD.

Only the group leaders will use either Shout or OOC, do not use this one
yourself, but make sure you are not filtering it.

Turn server side filters on.

Turn others hits off

Turn PC spells off

Probably want to turn spell effects off (unless you want to just watch flashing
lights for a battle).

Some raids will not use pets during the plane breaking, find out your raids
policy.

Have fun
Expect to die
Take pictures
Be ready for your night to fly by.  The raid will probably last 8 to 12 hours
and after the first 2 the next 6 to 10 will move like nothing you have ever seen
before.


"Anita L." wrote:

> Okay, after WAY too much EQ time I was able to get to 46 in time for the
> Hate raid my guild is hosting tonight. I'm taking a half day off from work
> to get at least halfway into 46 before the raid starts. Yeah, 47 would be
> better, but 45 was dreadful, and it took much longer than I expected to get
> through.
>
> Any tips for newbie planar people? I know I need to follow directions, and
> try not to get killed too often, but other than that I have no idea. This is
> a big raid (7 or 8 groups) and apparently they are even going to try for
> Innoruuk if it doesn't get too late. Luckily my guild leader has done many
> Hate raids, and I know it will be well run and organized.
>
> BTW, being in the right guild makes SO much difference in EQ. I was in a
> mediocre guild before - nice group of people for the most part, but little
> leadership, and too much infighting. I left them in May, and joined my
> current guild just about 1 month ago. What an amazing difference!  Most of
> the people in guild are 50+ so it's been a big motivation for me to level
> (whereas before I didn't see the point). They are also VERY nice and
> helpful - I've gotten some nice gear, lots of encouragement and last night I
> even got my Sebilis key! Woot!  (yeah, I'm really too low, but they are
> planning a guild "raid" and wanted as many people to come as possible)
>
> Anyhow, any "Hate for Dummies" tips out there? :-)
>
> Anita
>
> Kshaiku
> 46 Iksar Monk
> Lanys T'Vyl



