From 5924921394271246720
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,b5b2b02c21a4079c,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-22 16:35:12 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!c03.atl99!sjc70.webusenet.com!news.webusenet.com!pd7cy2so!shaw.ca!news-out.superfeed.net!propagator2-maxim!feed-maxim.newsfeeds.com!ptdnetS!newsgate.ptd.net!nnrp1.ptd.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: Lance Berg <emporer@dejazzd.com>
Reply-To:  emporer@dejazzd.com
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.4) Gecko/20030624 Netscape/7.1 (ax)
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Dragonslayers, or a Splendid Mess
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 156
Message-ID: <XqTvb.3848$y5.237712@nnrp1.ptd.net>
Date: Sun, 23 Nov 2003 00:45:43 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 66.109.253.64
X-Complaints-To: abuse@dejazzd.com
X-Trace: nnrp1.ptd.net 1069548343 66.109.253.64 (Sat, 22 Nov 2003 19:45:43 EST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 22 Nov 2003 19:45:43 EST
Organization: D&E Communications http://www.decommunications.com
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:8762

I spent the morning wandering around POK not doing anything useful, 
playing around with my spells and summons gear to figure out how best to 
monkey my saves up and get as many dummy buffs up as I could.

Got a tell from someone on the naggy raid list (I'd printed out all the 
names) so I joined the raid channel and started talking.  We were to 
meet in SolB, so I started heading that way, immediately got a  tell 
from a paladin who needed a guide.

How can you not know where Sol B is?  But no worries, I met him at the 
Neriak stone, leved him with a ring, and off we went.  He had SOW so was 
able to keep up with my little run 3 speed, so we made it to Lava and 
then Sol B easily (levitation meant I didn't have to worry about 
dropping him over a cliff or into some lava)

In we went, and immediately had to deal with aggro at the zone line, got 
a pet up and DS'd him and that went easily.  Then we started roaming 
around, picking up stragglers, and moving sort of towards the giants... 
without really remembering the route, the LOY map still wasn't hard to 
decipher, much easier than previous visits using a EQ atlas printout, 
since the current position and direction is right there.

BUT we didn't make it, because we got called back to the zone to form a 
giant killer group.

All along I was handing out blankets and elemental defenders right and 
left, and getting tells from people outside the raid for them as well.

I got put into the giant killing crew, and at the same time was asked to 
got to druid rings to hand out blankets.  Contradictory orders, and 
which one is more fun?  So I told em I'd hand out blankets while the 
buffing was going on, seemed sensible to me.

As is typical in a raid, and particularly in a low level raid and even 
more so in an open raid, things were pretty muddled for a while, but 
gradually we finally got the giant killing groups under weigh; moved 
with ease to the giants, then started pulling em down with a 60 monk.  I 
tried to offer as much help as I could, scouting with eye, but it was 
largely ignored... thats not unexpected, people aren't used to working 
with an eye scout, and I'm not great with it anyway, but I kept at it 
because I've been in some LDoN groups recently where the leader Was 
familiar with the idea, and it has come in very handy.  Eye can see 
around corners and so forth without aggroing, designating potential lull 
targets and so forth that can be hard to spot.

Playing with it here, I also learned that it could be very handy for a 
FD pull routine by telling the puller what was coming for him and when 
the stuff he's trying to ditch has returned to its spawn site.  Could 
be, mind you, if the monk was of a mind to take advice from some 
whippersnapper of a 52 mage.  As a cleric I recall many close 
relationships with puller monks, and just as many who didn't want 
anything to do with the idea of talking to someone directly about when 
to heal them and so forth.  Same situation here I'm thinking.

Well we had the usual messes, multiple pulls, people falling in lava, 
people getting aggro who just shouldn't, that sort of thing.  Took me a 
while to realize that the advice that you must be in melee range to land 
spells didn't just apply to Naggy, but also to the fire giants... this 
is something I'd vaguely known but as my only character to actually face 
them down before was a cleric, not something that I'd really had 
experience with.  Once I figured out that they weren't all immune to 
Malosi and Shock of Blades after all I had more fun... but frankly the 
two groups including several people in the 53 to 65 range had no real 
trouble with or without my help, the people dying weren't doing so 
because the mobs were too much, rather, because they weren't being 
careful enough.

Then the fun part: we got up to the area before the actual lair, and 
someone moved too close while the monk was FD splitting: 5 giants in 
camp, one of them some kind of named (he and Trannix, who we'd killed 
earlier were level 52, all the rest were blue to me).  This was a mess, 
monk kept yelling for the 65 chanter to mezz, which isn't a possibility, 
and there was a bit of slaughter before things got under control, 
chanter charmed one mob and had it going after the named, but no giant 
was hitting any pet since we were all packed in around them and there 
was always a PC in melee range instead.  I blew out 60% of my mana bar 
on this fight, first time I'd gone under 80M the whole run.

But wait, now for the really fun part.  I looked around Naggy's lair 
with the eye, two giants right at his door, plus the Magus wandering 
around near Naggy, and the dragon himself, looking like an indoor 
Ragefire.  Monk tries to pull one while I'm watching... and poof, he's 
zoning.  Not dead, kicked out.  Runs back and tries it a second time, 
trying to get his target from me and my eye spotting... but doing it 
wrong, waiting till he's up next to them instead of while down at the 
camp where I actually am.  Anyway he tries again, booted again.

Now I step up to the batter's box.  After a discussion with the giant 
killer team I give it my shot: I already have one of the giants 
targetted, so I go up near the doors, send pet to attack, and run back 
to the camp.  Giants kill my pet, then come after me, just as planned. 
At first I'm thinking its going better than I'd hoped, the group 
actually manages to stop them both before they get to me.  But thats 
short lived, like whoever stopped them, one of them apparantly kills 
that speed bump and then comes and makes just as short a work of me.

But thats ok by me, I knew I'd probably die... no, I'd have been proud 
to take one for the team here.  Sadly, thats not how it works out, 
apparantly after I died, Naggy and the Magus both came streaming out and 
joined the fight.  Both groups wiped to the man, shortly before 
Winterfury and some of the rest of the raid made it up to us.

I got rezzed, pet cannied back up, everyone else got back on their feet 
and we joined the main raid, which was showing up at last.  A lot of 
time passed here with inane chatter, more people dying on the way, all 
the usual.

Finally, the high level group went in and used a lower level monk/sk 
plan to split the two guard giants out; first time they wiped but we 
managed somehow to get one of the pair to the main body without Naggy, 
and killed him.  Second time was more smooth, I think only one person 
died, and that was the end of the second giant, leaving only Naggy and 
the Magus.

After more discussion, the idea of splitting the Magus out was abandoned 
as too time consuming and difficult.  Instead, buffing began, 
instructions were given, one group was designated to hold Magus down 
while the rest of us killed Naggy.

At the two minute warning, I slapped my fire based DS on everyone, and 
bard fired up her resist songs; I ended up with a 385 MR and 260 FR 
going in.  Positioning was awful, Naggy pivoted around a lot, I landed 
no more than half the nukes I cast as he'd get scooted out of range 
between the time I started casting and finished... but the bard stayed 
in close proximity as planned, and I didn't take one fear, and only 
minimal damage, I got down to 92% hp

Dragon down, we almost wiped because the Magus group was having some 
trouble and everyone else was busy obliviously cheering... but then we 
realized the trouble and he fell in just a tic or two.

Nothing he dropped was No Drop (FV?  Or is it always thus?)  so off we 
went to Nexus to split it all up.  Warriors won both scales, which of 
course torqued bards as the bard epic is still great while the warrior 
epic doesn't seem to be worth the effort anymore, better buyable in the 
bazaar.  Then a druid rolled and won on an item which wasn't druid 
equippable, and complained bitterly when he was denied it on the "NBG" 
plan.  I'm sympathetic, really, I'd bet that whoever won whatever it was 
wasn't really going to use it... but NBG was the annouced policy, and I 
didn't roll on a thing, as none of it was something I'd use.

Couldn't talk them into going after Vox as well, and like Winterfury I 
may give up on that part of the tourism plan, after all there are lots 
more dragons to slay, and I've killed the lady many times in the past.

This run was all I'd expected, the mess, the arguement, the deaths, the 
wasted time... it was glorious!  Better, I myself managed to majorly 
screw up, but not by mistake, rather, by not knowing what might happen! 
  I was convinced that Naggy wouldn't follow me out of his room, which 
apparantly has long since been changed... so now I know something I 
didn't.  So I carefully and deliberately trained the hell out of half 
the raid.  I couldn't be happier.

Splendid One, Dragonslayer, Firiona Vie




