From 8330213063196038067
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7bdf521de6822880,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-11-14 06:39:40 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <d1d803eaad4601278835d312661e4e3d@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!c03.atl99!chi1.webusenet.com!news.webusenet.com!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Fri, 14 Nov 2003 14:34:24 GMT
Lines: 145
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 20: Vindication
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:7392


Tales of Loral
Chapter 20: Vindication

A warm breeze glided through the quiet tree limbs, rustling leaves and 
sending a wave through the tall grass of the grove. Loral sat at the top 
of a small hill looking down at the wonders that only the presence of 
the Mother could create. Four tall white unicorns gently grazed upon the 
thick grass. Their wise and patient eyes beheld Loral as they chewed and 
for a moment all of Loral's past troubles left him. For a second he felt 
the true beauty of this place. He placed his hand on the earth below him 
and felt the energy of life that spread out from the tower, gateway to 
the Plane of Growth a short distance away. The energy spread through him 
and he exhaled feeling his tention flow out through him. Loral hadn't 
felt such peace in years. The sights, the sounds, the feelings, all 
blended together into one perfect experience.

The far away clash of metal against metal brought him out of his trance 
and he remembered why he was here. A short few kelometers away, the 
Frost Giant war machine was in full production, preparing for a war with 
the minions of the Plane of Growth. Loral had scouted the area a few 
days earlier and had seen the enormous structures and great outposts 
that were being built. He knew that action had to come soon if the war 
was to be stopped.

A half hour later, Loral stood outside of the eastern doorway to Kael 
Drakkal. Two guards stood outside the great stone cavern, their large 
weapons resting against the walls. Loral's thoughts turned around his 
plan for defeating the enormous foes, no easy task by himself, when he 
noticed a number of scarlet lines down the neck of one of the guards and 
a large dark puddle around it's feet. Taking out his gnomish scryer, he 
zoomed in on the giant's and saw the source of those trails. Dozens of 
arrows had the giant pinned to the wall behind him, it's lifeblood spilt 
to the ground below. Knowing the carefully planned deception would not 
last long, Loral hurried into the city.

There was a great commotion just inside the city gates. Adventurers from 
all the great cities in Norrath stood ready, donned in the most 
spectacular armor and brandishing the greatest weapons in Norrath's 
history. Though the races of the hunters ranged from tiny gnomes to huge 
orgres, they all shared a symbol of a white flower upon their breasts. 
Loral recognized the symbol for the Cult of the Lotus, a powerful guild 
of hunters. Loral had battled beside them when their paths had crossed 
before and knew their great strength in such matters. The skill with 
which the giant guards had been slain was no longer a surprise to him.

As Loral passed through them, he spotted Azile, dressed in the red robes 
of the Icicle, talking to a sharp eyed gnome mage. Azile turned and 
smiled at Loral. Loral suddenly felt the sting of a blade jabbed into 
his side. Turning quickly he beheld the slender figure and wide smile of 
Aleustria the Ranger. With a shout of excitement he embraced his old 
friend having not seen her since their travels in the lands of Kunark 
many seasons earlier. From the incredibly fine chain armor and the 
glowing blades in her hands, it was obvious that life had been good for 
her since joining the Cult. Before they could spend any more time 
reminiscing. The attack began.

Loral had never witnessed such an attack. Giants were confronted and 
slaughtered before he had time to speak one prayer. Kromrif guards burst 
into ash from the powerful spells of the great wizards. Within minutes, 
the team stood outside the northern arena of Kael, lair of the great 
Clerics of Zek and pathway to the Church of the war god. With little 
delay the clerics that had caused Loral such concern were dragged out 
into the courtyard and cut down. They were of little concern to the 
Lotus Cult who had only two targets in mind for this attack.

An agile monk of the party, known for his ability to draw out attackers 
from any position using many arts of deception ran to the north down a 
long icy bridge. The warriors stood ready, their healers behind them 
prepared to heal the great wounds they would soon face. Seconds later 
the monk returned and on his heel was the sole guardian of Zek himself, 
Derekor the Vindicator.

Three weeks later, Loral was back in Felwithe in the chambers of his 
teacher, Yeloaren. Loral described the fall of not only the priests of 
Zek and even the mighty Vindicator, but also of the very king of Kael 
himself, King Vlantious Tormax. The Vindicator was only half of the goal 
of Lotus Cult that day, Loral explained. In one single attack, the 
entire political structure of Kael from both the religious sect and the 
royal court had fallen. Thurgadin was safe and the war against Growth 
had been quickly forgotten.

"This is a great victory, my friend. It is these selfless actions you 
have taken that has led to this day. Tunare has smiled upon you and upon 
us all. It is your action in these matters that has led the Church and 
the Court of Felwithe to ask once again for your service in another 
matter." Yeolaren spoke carefully, Loral noticed. "The wizard Al'Kabor 
has released a gateway to the moon of Luclin. As we speak, agents of all 
known empires are traveling to these unknown lands. The Court is 
concerned with what may be found up there and what may find us should it 
choose to travel back down. We need those faithful to the Church to 
learn more of these lands. Your skills in the matters of Velious show 
you to be the perfect choice."

Loral knew there was more not being said. While his victory in defending 
the Plane of Growth was not in doubt, his past actions had placed them 
in an uncomfortable situation. The Court of Felwithe was never 
comfortable with his alliance with the Claws of Veeshan and the Church 
of Tunare had not forgotten the death of Idoru and his fall into the 
hands of Innoruuk. Sending him so far away was a perfect situation for 
them. They stood much to gain from the new world and little to lose 
should he fail.

Loral quickly dismissed much of these thoughts when he remembered his 
reason for being here. Had Felwith thought so little of him there is no 
way they would give him the gift he was about to receive. Should he 
still be dark to Tunare's eye, She would simply not allow it. He took in 
a deep breath to reduce his nervousness as he and Yeloaren walked down 
into the main halls of the Church of Felwithe. Together they stood at 
the large oak doors that lead to the first church of Tunare. Yeloaren 
put a hand on his shoulder, as he had done decades earlier when Loral 
first swore his oath to Tunare and became an acolite in her service. The 
door opened and at the head of the church stood the council of the 
Church, the chancellor of the Court of Paladins and King Tearis Thex 
himself. Loral stood straight and prepared himself to swear his oath 
again, this time as a High Priest of Tunare.

Cold ice blew against the cliff that overlooked Cobalt Scar. On a large 
rock nearby, the sorceress Azile mediated. Loral, holding his cloaks 
tight against him from the chilling wind, climbed the rock and sat next 
to her. She wore a golden robe this day, adorned with the symbol of a 
white lotus. Though somewhat concerned by the unknown motives of the 
Cult of the Lotus, Loral was still happy for Azile's acceptance into the 
selective group. Likewise, Azile smiled when she saw the symbol of a 
High Priest of Tunare that hung around Loral's neck next to the tooth of 
Trakanon. The brightness of the moon of Luclin above them seemed to grab 
their attention at the same time and they both turned to gaze upon it.

"The world will never be the same now," Azile said coldly. "Who knows 
what evils that meddling megalomaniac Al'Kabor has done to us."

Even with her distaste for the well known wizard, Loral could feel her 
excitment of exploring whatever wonders were unveiled within that alien 
land. In a few short days, they would travel to the Nexus for the first 
time, and as Azile had stated, the world would never be the same.


-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



