From 2846002518513711081
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,115291cb6b84d5ea
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-02-25 04:42:53 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!news.tele.dk!small.news.tele.dk!212.43.194.69!fr.clara.net!heighliner.fr.clara.net!isdnet!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: How do you find a guild?
Date: Mon, 25 Feb 2002 07:41:31 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3C7A30FB.659A6CB9@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win95; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
References: <ke3j7ukmg9la8hf9b4aet8424pt5ip3gi0@4ax.com>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 58
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:169282

Linda wrote:
> 
> Hi ,
>  I was reading the thread about whether or not guilds are overrated. I
> have been considering joining a guild, I am a lvl 34 Druid on E' Marr.
> I want one that is kind of laid back and friendly. Serious players,
> but not really too serious. Anyway , how would I go about this? Ask in
> game for guild leaders of various people I see around?

First of all, be careful. You're a druid. Are you a solo druid or a
grouping druid? (Fuck, I sound like a scene from the Wizard of Oz...
"Are you a good witch or a bad witch?")  If you are a soloist, it may
not be worth your while unless you're really just doing it to make
friends to chat with, or if you have non-druid alts that would *need* a
guild structure. If you are bringing up alts, you may want to have your
foot in the door with your druid early on, so that could help.

However, if you only solo, you may wind up finding you are just a guild
"port bitch" while getting nothing beneficial out of the guild for
yourself.  If you are group oriented person, however, a guild is a great
way to get access to groups faster. And of course, you can get anywhere
in the world to join your guildies quickly, so it's a big boon. Just be
sure to politely but firmly inform them that you are <not> a port bitch.
You'll be happy to help guildies out with a port once in a while if it's
not a huge inconvenience to you, but that's not your whole reason for
existance in the game.

As to which guild and how to get in? Which one doesnt' really matter. As
has been pointed out, you can always quit. And at your level, you won't
be staying in whatever guild you join for the long run, most likely. Any
guild taking you at that level is probably not one that's going to get
you into the end game, so someday you'll likely wind up having to leave
and move up to a tier one or tier two guild anyway.

To find a good one, just start grouping where ever you can, and watching
the guild tags. When you find a group of people from some particular
guild that you really like playing with, ask about their recruitment
policies and about talking to an officer. Every guild is different, and
there' as many recruitment policies as there are guilds.

Things to be wary of: (Some of this has been pointed out but it bears
repeating.)
Be VERY skeptical of joining any guild that has people running around
the zone yelling "Elite Godlike Mothers of Wrath seeking new members!
Send tells for invite!" etc.  If that's how they recruit, it's likely
full of idiots.
Watch out for guilds that demand "dues" to be paid to some guild bank. A
good guild doesn't need that, at least not till higher levels. 
Just use common sense. If it sounds stupid, hokey, suspicious, like a
ripoff, etc. etc. etc. then don't join. If it's just some friends that
group together and (hoepfully) raid together, give it a try. If it
doesn't work, then quit and look for a new one.
Good luck.
-- 
jaZZ md
- - - -
Braellaen: "Does anyone know the approx hit points of a rhino?"
Kirstin: "7. But they're *big* HP."


