From 8495167814871565809
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7c8e4d4e88acf196
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-04-11 20:10:20 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!logbridge.uoregon.edu!arclight.uoregon.edu!enews.sgi.com!news-out.spamkiller.net!propagator2-maxim!propagator3-maxim!news-in.superfeed.net!newsfeed.frii.net!newsfeed.frii.net!news-out.nuthinbutnews.com!propagator2-sterling!propagator2-SanJose!in.nntp.be!news.dizum.com!sewer-output!mail2news
From: Nomen Nescio <nobody@dizum.com>
Comments: This message did not originate from the Sender address above.
	It was remailed automatically by anonymizing remailer software.
	Please report problems or inappropriate use to the
	remailer administrator at <abuse@dizum.com>.
Subject: Re: Burn her! or That's what you get for sharing your art :P
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
References: Xns935A8B81EEF5Aemptiedoutcom@216.168.3.50
User-Agent: Vi - the editor for the 90's!
X-random: You're REALLY reading these headers, are you?  Wow!
Message-ID: <fdae0ab4d0dd9d4d57b4214e1d7ca92e@dizum.com>
Date: Sat, 12 Apr 2003 05:10:05 +0200 (CEST)
Mail-To-News-Contact: abuse@dizum.com
Organization: mail2news@dizum.com
Lines: 83
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:276786

Disclaimer: I am no professional in interpreting legalese, so any and
all interpretations expressed herein may or may not be valid
interpretations of the U.S. copyright law. If you want actual valid
interpretations, please do consult a copyright lawyer!

That said, sometimes the EULA and what the legal department of SOE
says may fly against the face of the actual law, so careful attention
is neccessary :)


>> FAn art for Star Trek might show Captain Picard, whilst fan art for
>> Everquest shows Venerable Cherryblossom Smilesalot.  Does SOE have a
>> copyright on Cherryblossom Smilesalot?  I don't believe so, though the
>> bit in their EULA makes me wonder what they believe.
>
>They do if she is holding a leafblower :D
 
That /could/ perhaps be slightly debatable :)

The copyright law is quite specific in that it protects specific
visual presentations, of which the leafblower in Everquest is one.
However, the law is also quite specific in that it does not protect
ideas or concepts, i.e. the concept of a leafblower is *not*
copyrighted, just the exact presentation you'll see in Everquest. It
would be somewhat difficult to copyright a scimitar, and the concept
of leaves coming out of a scimitar is uncopyrightable.

The way I read the law, unless the drawing of a leafblower is an exact
duplication of the one in Everquest to the smallest detail, the
copyright claims might be unenforceable. Whether they're enforceable
even if the leafblower is an exact duplicate is a bit muddier.. not
clear by far.


<snip>

>You are defining the game as the medium and the character as the creative 
>work, which is an interesting viewpoint.

Heh heh, it gets better :)

The copyright law is quite specific that an idea or a concept - such
as the idea of a character - can't be copyrighted, but the actual
character would and is copyrighted as soon as it is transfered to a
tangible medium (as set forth in Chapter 17 of U.S. Code). The
question, henceforth, that comes to mind is who is the creator of the
character? When you press that "Create" button in the character
selection screen, you are creating a specific copyrightable entity
that did not exist before, out of a non-copyrightable concept. Now, is
this character a derivative work from the Game and thus the
intellectual property of SOE, or is it your original work of art in a
medium provided by SOE? Furthermore, let's for a moment suppose it is
the former, by creating and representing this character are you
already in copyright infringement unless the EULA /specifically/
grants you a non-exclusive right to this derivative work? Assuming the
latter is the case, however, the character is an original work of art
and any further reproduction, such as drawings et al. are derivative
works from your work. I think SOE is counting on the former, though I
seem to recall there being a precedent where the courts leaned towards
the latter?

An interesting twist to this issue is whether SOE can use your
specific characters, their likenesses, their actions, and so forth in
their marketing or content without your permission?

As an aside and rhetorical musing, where are the visual
representations of our characters actually created? SOE designers
certainly designed the models, however they're essentially stored in
mathematical equations and the final creation happens in your very
computer. The copyright law is specific only about actual
machine-readable content, such as bitmaps, being protected while
mathematical formulas are specifically excluded from protection. All
this musing has got me wondering, y'see, on who owns the copyright on
a screenshot that you take in-game :)

The law is anything but clear on these issues. I really wish the
courts would set a clear precedent on how the copyright laws pertain
to MMORPGs.


An Anonymous Dude
Who Really Needs To Fix The Remailer Chains..



