From 6897910405047020298
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,20843e270696b64d
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-08-30 18:21:25 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-06!sn-post-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!corp.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: Tim Smith <reply_in_group@mouse-potato.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: God this game is boring.
Date: Sat, 31 Aug 2002 01:17:19 -0000
Organization: Institute of Lawsonomy, Department of Suction and Pressure
Message-ID: <slrnan068u.8a8.reply_in_group@tzs.net>
References: <Xns927984CBF6C99stile@216.148.53.100> <onGb9.25890$MC2.80841@news-server.bigpond.net.au> <umv5kpckm86u84@news.supernews.com>
User-Agent: slrn/0.9.7.4 (Linux)
Cache-Post-Path: tzs.net!unknown@tzs.net
X-Cache: nntpcache 2.3.3 (see http://www.nntpcache.org/)
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 78
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:227480

>> Faction is questionable too. Why should me killing a monster off by
>> itself with no other mobs around, suddenly become globally known by all
>> others on its faction. Who told them it was me? maybe they have some form
>> of group telepathy, and of course photagraphic memory since they can all
>> remember it was me after years of play. /laugh

At least faction just affects you.  If they really wanted to do it right,
when you do something bad to a faction group, not only should you take a
faction hit (if someone sees you), but everyone of your race and class
should take a small faction hit.  A single Human Warrior slaughtering Orcs
is going to make Orcs like ALL Humans a little less.  Furthermore, a Human
who wants good Orc faction should be able to kill you, and bring something
like your head to the Orcs as proof of your death, and offer an aplogy on
behalf of all Humans, and get a big faction boost.

A full PvP game with realistic faction would be...interesting.

One of the "Games Programming Gems" books had a chapter on this kind of
thing, I seem to recall, so at least one game company has thought about it.
One problem, I think, is storage.  If each mob has to keep track of how it
feels about each player, that's a lot of data to store.

I suppose one could just keep track of the last N events that had faction
consequences for each player, and when the player encounters a mob, check
that list for events that the mob would care about, and computer the faction
response then.  This would mean that things that happened longer than N
events ago would no longer matter, but that could be good...it could
simulate the mobs forgetting your past over time.  Or, events that get
pushed off the list could go into an exponentially decaying weighted average
that changes the base faction with an entire group.

Speaking of faction, I kind of like the system that people used to think EQ
used.  This was back before they fixed the bug where something that was
supposed to give more than one faction hit would give no hits if any of the
factions were maxed out.  That puzzled people, and in trying to figure that
out, someone came up with this system:

    1. Instead of being stored as one number, faction is stored as three
    numbers: your base faction, your total faction gains, and your total
    faction losses.  Your current faction is the sum of these three.

    2. There could be caps on the total gain and total loss.

The neat thing about that system is that if the caps are set right, you can
hurt a faction and repair it, but only a limited number of times.  E.g.,
suppose the cap on losses is 1000, and the cap on gains is 200, and the base
was 0.  If you hurt the faction by 100, and then find you need to get back
to 0, that is still doable.  Then, if you hurt it by 100 again, and decide
you need to get back to 0, you *still* can.  However, you can never go above
0 now, because you stand at 0 (base) + 200 - 200, and you've hit the 200 cap
on gains.  So, if you hurt the faction by 100 again, you are stuck.

BTW, the mobs don't need photographic memory to remember you.  Your name is
floating over your head.

In article <umv5kpckm86u84@news.supernews.com>, John M Clancy wrote:
> You are asking questions like that in a game filled with dragons and
> magic? LOL
> 
> Hell what about the bank system? Why are there no bathrooms anywhere?

Well, if we have to explain banks, I figure they use some kind of
extradimensional bags.  There is precedent for those in FRP gaming.  In D&D,
for example, there is a spell that makes a chest that you can put things in,
and then send to another dimension at will, and summon back at will.  I
figure that the banks works like that in Norrath, except that the storage
dimension is only accesible from places where special magic was used.  The
ancients used that special magic where the banks are now, and that magic has
been lost, so now we only have banks in a few locations.

> Why doesn't anything sleep? Teleporting from the planet to the moon?

One that bugs me is respawning.  At least in big outdoor zones that aren't
packed full of players, why can't the server respawn things away from
players, and have them wander to wherever they are supposed to be (for those
mobs that belong in particular areas)?

--Tim Smith


