From -5484311278724185054
X-Google-Thread: fb739,7a888f199f16d930
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-12!sn-xit-01!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: EQ2: Combat
Date: Sun, 24 Oct 2004 15:28:38 -0700
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10noav3rk86aga4@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <10nmqd4ljd9u061@news.supernews.com> <3khnn01dn82eb0sardgq3v5a3h66eaqhkm@4ax.com> <G6Qed.911$Qs6.88250@news20.bellglobal.com> <10no1n814nr4q3a@news.supernews.com> <xXUed.1169$rs5.125951@news20.bellglobal.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Response
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 150
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:20659


"KDragon" <nospam.for.me.please@nospam.net> wrote in message 
news:xXUed.1169$rs5.125951@news20.bellglobal.com...

> More skillful in the sense that because you actually practiced the skill, 
> you reduced fizzles during a fight. Nothing is more annoying than seeing a 
> member of a pickup group fizzle time and again because they never 
> practiced a skill.

True, there is the fizzle factor. That went away pretty quickly after you 
started using the spell a while, that seemed pretty baseline to me, but 
you're right that it separated the good players from the bad.  I never 
worried too much about fizzles because I used a macro that /cast my spell 2 
or even 3 times. Didn't have to spend any AA's to reduce fizzling that way 
and there was little to no downside of casting once a cast was already 
underway. Lots of different ways to introduce skill. ;-)

>
> I find EQ2 has a distinct lack of spells. In EQLive, I have many spellsets 
> based on the type of fight I'm going into. In EQ2, so far that is, I have 
> few spells, and use one only once due to it often getting interrupted due 
> to it's lengthy casting time. Other than the buff spells, I have very few 
> offensive spells, so it's almost impossible not to reduce combat to a 
> formula. Root, cast 1, cast 2, root breaks, cast 3, cast 3, cast 3, cast 3 
> etc. If the heroic whatever comes up, then it requires only a minor change 
> to get the bonus. 7 times out of 10, no change, as spell 3 is required 
> time and again.

Have you posted on the topic in the forum and complained about this lack of 
variety? I suppose I could make the same complaint about my lineup, but it's 
hard for me to compare vs EQLive. Here's the lineup I have now:

Wailing Haze (Slow)
Contagion (Disease DoT)
Smite (DD)
Minor Healing
Lesser Healing
Lesser Archhealing
Group Archhealing
Minor Regeneration
Minor Ward (targetable)
Spectral Ward (upgrade to Minor)
Eidolic Ward (no cost, no cast-time Ward, long recast timer)
Cure Noxious
Summon Food & Water
Spirit of the Wolf
Distract (significant self-only hate reducer with a long recast timer. <---  
use it often)
Courage (Group HP, Power, AC and STA conc buff)
Daring (upgrade to Courage)
Admonishing Smite (upgrade to Smite)
Revive (rez)
Symbol of somethingorother (HP conc buff)
Phoenix (summons a nodrop feather that can be cast on a target player and 
used to rez a priest)
Auspice (targetable HP/Power pool size conc buff)
Spirit of the Bull (group HP/STR/STA conc buff)
Ursine Elder (bear form, buge HP/Power/AC self conc buff)

I usually Ward the puller before he gets aggro (if he gets aggro before my 
Ward lands, I usually wind up with aggro and /bonk him, particularly if he 
doesn't have a good, upgraded Taunt). Once aggro is established with the 
tank I'll Slow (usually right away with most good tanks) and then if I think 
I'll be able to manage the Power requirements of healing for this encounter, 
I'll Contagion which is almost instant. At that point I'm usually re-casting 
Ward and spot healing in between. All the mobs are typically on the tank so 
we can generally focus on keeping the tank alive, but some will ping pong 
aggro and I'll have to manage that with stray Wards and heals. Dungeons are 
crowded and there are always wanderers and roamers around so AE taunts are 
dangerous and the tank will have to risk it or just get very good with his 
targeting. Still, we get adds and we get ae aggro, so I'm having to watch a 
lot of health bars. The main job is to keep the tank warded and alternate 
spot heals with the Cleric. Re-cast Contagion.

When battles get real sticky and I'm healing down to the wire I will 
sometimes get major aggro on my ass. I can then blow my Distract which will 
take it out of use for about an hour, but it's pretty effective at dropping 
me off the top of the hate list.

As you know, battles are fast and over with fairly quickly at our level. 
This may change in upper levels, but right now I don't have much time during 
an encounter to do much more than the above. If power management for the 
encounter allows, I'll use Smites and Contagions to add DPS and of course 
I'm in there swinging with the rest of the damage dealers.

Comparing this to EQLive isn't very useful right now because we are only in 
our early 20's and haven't experienced much of the game or any raid content. 
When I was raiding in EQLive I did a LOT less than I do here. In simple 
environments like LDoNs, BoT tables, HoH basement, stuff like that, I did a 
lot more and functioned often as main healer, slower, DPS, ghetto CC root 
parker, and even tank. What we have now in our early 20's is kind of like 
what you'd be like in Paludal. I would agree with the sense that there's 
less variability here, I feel that too. Maybe when all the stuff they're 
adding for more character individuality is in place there will be more 
spells too, dunno. I would like to see more.

> To this point, I have never seen a rare, but I see how they can/will make 
> a difference. What I can also see is that if you are of the lucky sort, 
> and there are people born with the proverbial horseshoe up the wazoo, then 
> improvements will depend more on luck than on skill.

Yeah, I don't like this element of gameplay either. I've argued on the 
forums consistently for a change along the lines of giving those of us who 
use the rares a higher chance based on our artisan experience. After all, 
our Mining skills *should* be better than anyone else's after our years of 
experience knowing where they come from, etc. It doesn't make sense and it 
annoys me that a noob right off the boat has an exactly equal chance as I 
have at finding a rare in a rock. Sigh. But I don't think they're going to 
change it for a couple of reasons. First, they want to encourage the 
interdependence of artisans and adventurers, they *want* me to be dependent 
on adventurers to get my rares for me. Second, the issue that I mentioned, 
that rarity breeds specialization, is something they need and they're not 
likely to change that mechanic.

>  At 22 I've barely scratched at the surface of this game, but with no 
> evidence to the contrary, I see not much reason to continue leveling any 
> further. By 22 in EQLive, I knew it was a game I wanted to pursue. Heck I 
> knew it at 10.

Funny how that works for different folks. I tried playing EQ three different 
times (since Phase one beta) and never managed to get past level 21 at my 
highest point, until years later when LDoN came out and I finally forced 
myself to slog through the early levels and got within sight of the midgame 
and many exciting new worlds and then the end game. I wound up e-flagged, 
time-flagged and finally got to the point that I really enjoyed the game 
consistently. This one is much more engaging to me 1-20 and I've actually 
made 4 alts and have fun with each of them on the way up, something I 
*never* did in EQLive, where I put all of my energies into one character. I 
don't know if it will continue to be fun beyond my current levels, that 
remains to be seen.

> I might try going over to the other side, and join Freeport. Anyone done 
> that quest yet? How involved is it?

Haven't done it, but I'm starting to fight in the Crypt of Betrayal now and 
it's a rough zone. That's where I had the one-hit scarab death. From what 
I've heard and what I've seen, the Betrayal quest is very tough. I look 
forward to doing it, which is why I've been scouting around now in CoB.

-- 
Winterfury
Dwarven Mystic & Alchemist
Loyal Citizen of Qeynos

Descendant of the Elder Winterfury Thunderwolf
Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie





