From -2418684858270583175
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,320f4daacfbb8ce1,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2003-10-31 11:26:24 PST
X-Abuse-Report: abuse@teranews.com
Message-ID: <db7cb3dfb6a1b8fe4253af7412363061@news.teranews.com>
Path: archiver1.google.com!news2.google.com!news.maxwell.syr.edu!newsfeed-west.nntpserver.com!hub1.meganetnews.com!newsfeed-east.nntpserver.com!nntpserver.com!news.teranews.com!not-for-mail
Date: Fri, 31 Oct 2003 19:22:08 GMT
Lines: 137
From: Mike Shea <mike@mikeshea.net>
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows; U; Windows NT 5.1; en-US; rv:1.5) Gecko/20031013 Thunderbird/0.3
X-Accept-Language: en-us, en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Tales of Loral, Chapter 8: The City of Mist
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii; format=flowed
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:5358


Chapter 8: The City of Mist

It had been a week since Loral assisted in the battles with General 
V'Ghera and his minions. Azile had convinced Loral to spend a few days 
resting in Felwithe before returning back to his war against the Ring of 
Scale. The return home had partially served its purpose, Loral was 
rested, but far from relaxed.

Loral pulled the large locked chest out from underneath the bed in his 
small apartment. He opened the chest and milled around the contents, not 
really sure what he was looking for. He pushed aside his golden armor, 
rewards from the temple of Solsek Ro. A layer of dust had accumulated on 
it since he packed it away. He now wore a much lighter Jarsath scale 
armor he found on Venril Sather's undead minions in Karnor's Castle. 
Many of his traveling possessions had been replaced with more practical 
items. More practical in battle. The priests of Tunare frowned on this, 
but they never faced the beasts Loral had killed.

Then he saw what he had apparently been looking for. The dusty skull 
smiled at him once again, the grin making Loral's heart sink. He had 
thought the item lost, or sold on one of his many trips to the Oasis 
bazaar, but there it was. Seeing the skull gave Loral an introspective 
view of his life. In his recent days, battling for the freedom of the 
Elven nations and the word of Tunare, all he had seen was death. The 
very city he grew up in seemed foreign compared to the battlefield of 
the Dreadlands. The stink and blood of hundreds of creatures replaced 
the pristine robes he used to wear. While he often reminded himself that 
he was the hand of Tunare, the black empty eyes of the skull showed him 
the raw truth. He was not her hand, he was her fist.

That night nightmares raked through his sleep. Thousands of years ago a 
mighty city of the Iksars was destroyed because of the treachery of one 
of their leaders. While the citizens led their normal daily lives, no 
different than those of Felwithe, one of their elders made a pact with 
demons for nothing other than personal gain. The pact led to the death 
of all of the men, women and children of the city and it became lost for 
a millennia. Their spirits still roamed the city, unable to rest after 
the demons raised them from the earth. This traitor still ruled over the 
city, far above in his tower while the innocent cry for their loss below.

Loral woke staring at the dark battleworn mace he had picked up in 
Kithicor. The screams of children as they are torn apart by black demons 
echoed through his head while he looked at the dull gray aura that 
surrounded it. Once again Tunare sent him on a mission. He must find 
this lost city and avenge the deaths of so many innocents.

His years in Kunark gave Loral a keen knowledge of many of the lost 
monuments to the Iksar's past. It was not long before he found the city, 
following the rumors and lore of those he fought with. He even had 
discovered a group of adventurers also seeking the lost city. There he 
reunited with his friend, Desjardins, the barbarian shaman. Together 
they traveled via spell and by foot through the overgrown Emerald Jungle 
and to the entrance of the city.

Thousands of years ago it had been a mighty city. Giant Iksar statues 
adorned every pillar, guarding the gates with their stone blades. Inside 
the city, a feeling of gloom touched the hearts of the adventurers. A 
true horror had been unleashed here, there was no doubt.

Upon entering the city, they were immediately attacked by the ghosts of 
long dead Iksar. Their icy touch sought to tear the life from the 
adventurers, but the adventurers were strong. Magical blades and 
powerful spells tore the spirits to ethereal shreds. Huge lumbering 
golems, magical creations by some powerful wizards slammed into the 
warriors' line of defense sending them sprawling. Only the mightiest 
casters could blast their clay bodies down.

Further into the city they crept. Past the inns, merchant shops and 
houses of the dead until they reached a courtyard. Here they established 
a battle camp. Scouts would enter further and draw out the horrors that 
laid within.

These horrors came in the shape of giant black constructions, called 
Black Reavers. Their armored skin so black and lifeless that spells were 
simply absorbed into it. No eyes stared at the adventures and no sound 
aside from the slamming of unearthly metal could be heard from within 
the depths of their skin. The casters switched to increasing the 
strength and protection of their warriors who cut, slashed and bashed 
the beasts until they fell, one right after another. Upon cutting down 
the last one, a spirit of an ancient wizard was released from within the 
black vessel and rained fire upon the party before being destroyed by 
the mighty adventurers.

The adventures fought their way into a keep near the back of the city 
battling the unholy Reavers along the way. Inside, they discovered a 
hidden corridor that led to magical translucent ramps. These ramps took 
the adventurers up into the sky above the city. Houses and great halls 
floated above, held up by ancient and powerful magics.

Upon entering one of these halls, the party was ambushed by a team of 
undead warriors and casters. The lord they sought was apparently aware 
of their presence. The battle raged for an hour with both groups using 
magic to bring back their fallen heroes and unleashing the powers of 
gods upon each other. With nearly total losses, the adventures were 
finally victorious, cursing the last wrath that stood in their way.

After bringing back their dead, the party continued, walking carefully 
along the pathways that spanned a kilometer above the city below. 
Finally they reached the lord's tower. It stood untouched and silent 
ready to unleash hell upon the heroes. A thief of the party went in to 
draw out the lord and within seconds, they were attacked by another fist 
of Reavers. Each one fought with the force of an army and did so 
completely without emotion. They were simply constructions built for 
death. Loral felt a chill through him when this thought crossed his 
mind. When the final one fell, Neh'Ashiir, the traitor, raised from the 
remains of the armored hulk. The party felt a new rush, facing this 
demon and unleashed all they had. The lord rained poison and fire upon 
them, dropping many a strong warrior. Wizard's spells were interrupted 
with a choking cloud of noxious gas. Loral feared they would lose. Then 
the magical blades of a dozen fighters cut deep into him and Neh'Ashiir 
fell.

Loral stepped over to the fallen specter, wishing to see the face of 
such a horrid creature. What he saw made him stop short. The face was of 
an old wrinkled Iksar, nothing more. His eyes were gray and sad, no hate 
could be seen in them. Loral could still feel the sting of the 
creature's spells, but he felt no hate. Neh'Ashiir was as much a pawn to 
the dark forces of Norrath as anyone. Loral felt tears come to his eyes.

The rest of the adventurers split the treasure of the tower with one 
another. Ancient artifacts of a long lost culture were given to the 
mightiest adventurers. They quickly regrouped and made the decision to 
continue the battle against the undead of this scarred city. Loral no 
longer wished to continue the battle, he had seen enough pain. He bade 
his friends good will and returned to his home. His home along the 
scorched earth of the Dreadlands.


-- 
Mike Shea
Email: mike@mikeshea.net
About Me: http://mikeshea.net/about/
DVD and Home Theater: http://liquidtheater.com/
Everquest Fan Fiction: http://loralciriclight.com/
Automated Everquest News: http://eqwire.com/



