From 2706561521016564933
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,875cf5ffa2966d9b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-06-30 23:23:39 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!newsfeed.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!newsfeeds.belnet.be!news.belnet.be!newsfeed00.sul.t-online.de!newsfeed01.sul.t-online.de!t-online.de!fu-berlin.de!uni-berlin.de!dsl-64-129-116-145.telocity.COM!not-for-mail
From: "Cursim" <cursim@telocity.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: EQ Fanfic by Cursim, Boy Genius
Date: Sun, 1 Jul 2001 02:26:10 -0400
Lines: 250
Message-ID: <9hmfl9$egihc$1@ID-33640.news.dfncis.de>
NNTP-Posting-Host: dsl-64-129-116-145.telocity.com (64.129.116.145)
X-Trace: fu-berlin.de 993968618 15223340 64.129.116.145 (16 [33640])
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 5.50.4133.2400
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:90531

A friend of mine, who has fun taking fanfics from the internet and ripping
them to shreds a-la Mystery Science Theater 3000 (That sci-fi show where a
guy and 2 robots were forced to watch old, cheesy movies, and  had criticize
them to keep from going insane), recently inspired me to write a fanfic. So,
I wrote about what I was thinking of at the time.  This is turning out to be
quite long, but I think its some of my best stuff. Its incomplete, and
doesn't have a title yet.  Please tell me what you think.
-----
Prologue

Norrath

Norrath is a realm of many different creatures.  Among them are Humans,
elves, Dwarves, Ogres, Trolls, and many others.  It is a realm ruled by many
gods, who created the many races of Norrath
A core characteristic of Norrath is the existence of Magic.  Magic is a
great force which, when harnessed, can accomplish almost anything.  There
are a great many schools of magic within Norrath.  Magicians are the great
summoners, able to create food, weapons, and servants out of nothing.
Wizards are the great offensive batter-mages, able to use magic to deal
tremendous amounts of damage.  Enchanters are the masters of the mind, able
to fool their foes with illusions, and even able to alter the thoughts of an
enemy.  The most feared of all magic users, and by far the vilest, are
another of Innoruuk's creations, the Necromancers.
Necromancers are mages who harness the darker powers of magic, those derived
from injury and death.  They are able to heal themselves while harming
another creature by siphoning its very life force.  They are able to raise
the dead as their minions, charm the undead into doing their bidding, and
inflicting terrible plague on their enemies.
For years, only the evil Dark Elves were bold enough to delve into this
forbidden art.  All other revered it so much that it was not even spoken of.
This displeased Innoruuk.  He wanted this great evil spread to other races.
This is the tale of his dark workings.

Innoruuk - Prince of Hate

The god in this tale is called Innoruuk.  He is known as the Prince of Hate,
and holds a hatred for everything in Norrath.  Innoruuk is an evil and
greedy god.  He wishes to rule all of Norrath, and holds such hatred for
those that oppose him that once he rules, he and his followers believe that
this hatred will destroy it.
In order to spread this burning abhorrence throughout Norrath, Innoruuk
needed beings in the physical realm to do his bidding.  So, he took a group
of pure Elves (this being back before they had split into the magic-wielding
High Elves and the nature-loving Wood Elves), and altered them, changed them
into his own image.  The once proud, peaceful group of elves had become a
darker, malevolent, more evil version of itself. So changed were they, that
their skin had now become a dark blue, and their hair as white as the sun.
These were Innoruuk's children, and they respected their malicious creator.


Chapter One

It was an unusually cold night in Norrath.  So cold, in fact, that it was
snowing in Freeport, an eastern coastal city on the large continent of
Antonica.  Freeport's natives had never seen snow, and were huddling around
fires all throughout the night.  Some thought snow from the Northern
Barbarian City of Halas had somehow blown over them.  Other believed it was
some kind of Druid trick (Druids are masters of nature, and are known to
play jokes on those who mock their "tree hugging" ways).  These opinions
were, however, wrong.
A divine experiment was taking place.  Innoruuk, the prince of hate, was
weary of his worship coming only from his creations, the Dark Elves.  It was
his goal to corrupt all the races of Norrath.  However, the members of the
other races would not go willingly.  They needed one to set the example.
Perhaps, Innoruuk thought, if a human were to follow him, others would
follow.  This was where his experiment was taking place.
A young Dark Elf, a devout follower of the Dark Prince, had just been
killed.  Instead of resurrecting him and sending him on his way, as all gods
do for followers when they meet death, Innoruuk summoned the elf before him.
The young man immediately recognized the image of his god, and dropped to
the floor.  "My liege!  At last you summon me!  What an honor it is to meet
the-"
"Silence Fool!" Innoruuk screamed, as he lifted the worshipper into his
hands.  With a thought, Innoruuk expunged the soul of the young elf, and
held it with his hands.  With a scowl, he tossed the Lifeless body away and
examined the soul.  Now the real fun would begin.
With haste, Innoruuk disguised himself as a human and descended upon
Freeport.  The very presence of such hatred in the physical realm made the
air a bitter cold.  He silently snuck into the house of Abel and Cathadra, a
human merchant family living in East Freeport.  Under a cloak of
invisibility, he watched the family.  Cathadra was pregnant, and was soon
expecting a son.  The birth was expected that cold night.
Erollisi Marr, the Norrathian God of Love, was present in the home to bear
witness to the birth.  With extreme silence, Innoruuk summoned a group of
demons, also invisible to the eyes of the humans, to occupy Erollisi.  The
demons descended upon the house, capturing Erollisi under a cloak of fire.
They dragged her out of the physical realm, and off to Innoruuk's Realm, the
Plane of Hate.  She unleashed her divine crossbow and fired upon the demons.
The first bolt rocketed into the skull of a lowly demon, which immediately
perished under its power.  Seeing this, the cowardly demons unleashed their
unholy magic upon her.  Their power, however, was not strong enough to phase
a god.  She was immune to their attacks, and made quick work of killing all
of them.
These demons were not meant to harm Erollisi.  If Innoruuk wanted to harm
her, he would have to do that himself.  These demons were merely a
distraction, intended to keep Erollisi busy while Innoruuk accomplished his
evil task.  While Erollisi was in the Plane of Hate, Innoruuk destroyed the
defenseless human soul present in the unborn child.  Quickly, he replaced it
with the soul of his deceased follower.  By the time Erollisi escaped the
Plane of Hate, her anger had preoccupied her enough not to notice.  She did
not so much as think about the child.  Her thought was on catching Innoruuk,
who had already fled.
On that Cold night, Tolus was born of Abel and Cathadra.  Little did he or
his parents know of the wicked events that had transpired the night of his
birth.  As far as they knew, it was simply a druid trick that had made the
night cold, and Tolus was simply a happy little child.


Chapter Two

From the time he was aware of himself and his surroundings, Tolus knew he
was an outsider.  He despised worship services at the Temple of Marr,
loathed the children around him, and was uncomfortable with the love his
parents gave him.  His feelings got increasingly stronger as he aged.
One night, when he was 13 years old, he had a strange dream.  In this dream,
a gigantic being appeared before him.  He could feel hatred and greed
emanating from the creature, but felt comfortable around it.  The creature
had pitch black eyes, a hunched back, scowled brow, and was encircled by a
fiery glow.  With a deep, deafening voice, he said to Tolus, "My child, you
have returned at last."
Tolus was confused at this and asked "Great creature, who are you?"
The creature replied "I am Innoruuk, and it was I who created you.  You are
the first of my children to be born of human parents.  You will denounce
your faith in the weak Erollisi Marr, and proclaim the faith in your true
Father.  You will know where to go from there."
With a shock, Tolus awakened from his slumber.  His vision was not a simple
dream.  It was too vivid.  With its end came a new feeling within him.  He
felt the true feelings of evil and greed rising within him, quelled for so
many years to appease his surroundings.  With a smirk, he violently ripped
the symbol of Marr from his neck, and tossed the golden necklace bearing it
into the fire.  He gathered his belongings and left home.
When he reached the gates of West Freeport, a guard stopped him.  "Hey kid!
Get your hide back home!  Its too late and far too dangerous for children
like you to be wanderin' the commonlands! Now, Get back home!"
With that, the guard roughly picked up Tolus by the scruff of his neck and
dragged him back toward his home.  Tolus looked around, and saw, about 20
feet directly in front of him, a gnome proudly waving around a dagger,
boasting of its origins.  When the guard dragged Tolus past the gnome, Tolus
grabbed the dagger by the blade, cutting his own hand, and stole it.
Flipping it in his hand, he stabbed at the faceplate on the guard's plate
mail helm.  With pure luck, and a bit of help from his creator, he managed
to jam the small dagger through one of the breathing slits on the faceplate.
The guard immediately fell to the ground, screaming in agony.  Tolus got up
and moved toward the guard's face.  With no remorse, he yanked the dagger
out of the guard's face and slipped it into his sleeve.  He felt the guard's
warm blood trickle down his arm. It invigorated him and gave him a new,
unnatural energy.
With speed unlike any human had ever achieved, he fled Freeport.  He ran out
of the gate into the fields that lay beyond, and eventually into the dark
forest of the eastern commonlands.

Chapter Three

Tolus rushed through the Eastern Commonlands, looking for someplace to hide
from the Freeport Militia's search party.  He came across one of the many
small inns that littered the commonlands, and entered.  The innkeeper, an
elderly human man who looked to be in his 50's, greeted Tolus warmly.
"Greetings, child!  Welcome the finest inn East of Freeport, now, how can I
help you?" said the innkeeper, in a friendly tone.
"Hide me! Those damned guards are after me! Quickly, give me a place to hide
and tell them you never saw me!" Tolus replied, in between hurried breaths.
"I do not harbor criminals in my inn! Now get ou-"
Before the innkeeper could finish, Tolus removed the bloody dagger from his
sleeve and held the blade up to the old man's neck. He said in an angry tone
"I've already killed one man tonight, and I've no reservations of doing it
again!  Now, I shall give you one chance.  Give me a hiding place, and
quick!  I hear those bastards approaching now!"
The innkeeper, fearing for his life, complied.  He allowed Tolus to hide in
one of the rooms while the guards conducted a hasty and clumsy search.  When
they came to Tolus's room, they quickly scanned inside and left, having not
seen him behind one of the beds.  Soon after, they left the inn and
continued searching the commonlands.
Tolus returned to the front room of the inn.  "You've done well old man," he
said.  He intended to let the man live, as any honorable human would have
done.  However, he was not a human at heart.  His Dark Elven side thirsted
for more blood, and the young child had no choice but indulge it.  "Pity you
won't live to celebrate!" He yelled as he thrust the knife through the man's
chest.  Tolus let out a cackle as he watched the life leave the man's
pitiful eyes.
He removed his protruding dagger from the innkeeper's corpse, and smelled
the blood.  He felt the need for death coursing through his veins.  His need
to learn more about his creator, and his new craving for blood, led him
farther into the Easter Commonlands, until he came to a small opening in one
of the walls on the northern border of the commonlands.  Without thinking,
driven only a lust for blood, he walked through the opening, into an even
darker, denser forest.
Looking around, he couldn't see much.  He felt much at home in the darkness,
even though his poor human vision didn't allow him much visibility.  He felt
as if he had reached his goal for that night, and was quite exhausted from
the running and anxiety of running from the Militia.  Feeling around in the
darkness, he found a soft spot of dirt, and fell asleep for the night.

Chapter Four

When Tolus awoke, he found that the forest was not as dark as it had been.
Clearly it was daytime, but the forest still had an eerie darkness to it.
Even in this brightness it was still quite darker than the commonlands.
Looking around, Tolus saw a beaten path.  He did not know where he was going
or what he would do, but somehow he felt that he was going the right way.
Innoruuk, his creator, was leading him.
He followed the path until he reached a large bridge going across a river.
The other shore was vaguely distinguishable from where he stood. He sat for
a moment, pondering his situation, when he noticed his necklace felt
significantly heavier.  He had torn the Marr symbol from it, but kept the
valuable golden chain.  Now, it felt as if there was another symbol hanging
from it.  Looking down, he saw a new symbol.  It was the symbol of Innoruuk.
Tolus knew nothing of how he obtained it, and credited its appearance to
Innoruuk's power.
He walked across the bridge until he saw people standing guard at the other
side.  They were armored, but their armor did not bear the symbol of
Freeport he had grown so sued to seeing.  Instead, their armor bore the same
symbol as that which was hanging from his neck.  Seeing them, he assumed he
had entered another human town, and approached them.  "Greetings, I am
Tolus," was all he managed to say to them before he was bludgeoned
unconscious.
Tolus awoke in the exact same spot, lying on the ground.  He was disoriented
at first, but soon regained his thoughts.  The guards had now removed their
helms, and it was obvious they were not human.  Their skin was dark blue,
their hair long and white.  Their eyes bore red pupils and they were shorter
in stature than most average humans.  One guard was holding the point if a
sword on Tolus's neck.  "Vile Human!  You have only been spared because you
wear the symbol of our father, Innoruuk!  Reveal why you are here and how
you obtained that amulet, bearing his symbol, and perhaps you will live for
5 more minutes!"
"I am Tolus, and I too am a child of Innoruuk," Tolus replied.  He prepared
to say more, but the Dark Elven guard kicked him in the face (he was still
lying on the ground).
"Liar!  No Human can be a child of Innoruuk!  Only we, , the Dark Elven
race, are created by the Prince of Hate, and everyone knows that!  Speak
your intentions creature, before crush your windpipe with the hilt of my
sword!"
--------------

Sorry about the lack of Paragraph breaks....I pasted it from word and OE
didn't keep all the formatting. When it is complete I will post it on a web
page with all the formating.

Thanks!

--
Cursim
Im too cool to have a sig
...
...
D'OH!






