From -359080699395169383
X-Google-Thread: fb739,22ac99bcaf886127
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
Path: g2news1.google.com!news3.google.com!sn-xit-04!sn-xit-06!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Three reasons to stay in EQ1
Date: Mon, 29 Nov 2004 16:50:20 -0800
Organization: PlanetPerez Productions
Message-ID: <10qngo29ort3gcc@news.supernews.com>
Reply-To: "Bob Perez" <myfirstname@thecomdomaincalledSHADOWPIKE>
References: <3e397d54.0411291310.430a5ee6@posting.google.com>
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2900.2180
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2900.2180
X-RFC2646: Format=Flowed; Original
X-Complaints-To: abuse@supernews.com
Lines: 84
Xref: g2news1.google.com alt.games.everquest:25293


"Dennis" <spliffeh@hotmail.com> wrote in message 
news:3e397d54.0411291310.430a5ee6@posting.google.com..

>  Leveling up your guild involves killing grey cons
> ENDLESSLY. This gives you no XP, no challenge, and NO FUN. I'm
> insulted that at level 21 sony forces me to run around the newbie
> zones doing newbie quests like kill 10 young kodiaks.

First, it sounds like you're not doing this as efficiently as possible. For 
one thing, you don't have to accept the particular quests given to you by 
the NPCs, you can refuse them until you get the ones you want. So, for 
example, when my guild goes out to do City Tasks, we all get exactly the 
same four quests and we get the ones that involve the same four groups of 
mobs, groups that contain two of the types of mobs that we need, so that we 
only have to find two different types of groups. Names of the specific 
quests: Darkpaw Encroachment, Darkpaw Defilers, Pestilence and Ripe for the 
Picking. If everyone in your group takes these four, then all of you will be 
killing exactly the same mobs, all of which (Soldiers, Mystics, Youths and 
Shamans) will be grouped together in overlapped groups. So each of you will 
finish and get the required Status Points at exactly the same time. You can 
finish up a group of four of these in 30 minutes. We usually do two runs and 
get a load of status that way.

Stay away from Kodiaks, they're too hard to find. Same with badgers. Pick 
the ones I named above and you'll breeze through the SP. I realize this is 
not the essence of your complaint, but if you're going to do City Tasks for 
whatever reason you're motivated to do so, it sounds like you might want to 
reduce the pain threshhold you're feeling by doing it more efficiently and 
getting in and out as soon as possible.

Secondly, all your City Tasks will change at guild level six, so you'll be 
fighting tougher mobs with higher experience. Remember, you don't have to 
have all 50 members of your guild out there doing this, just the Patrons, 
and they can be your newest members, still eager for the experience of 
killing gnolls, to use my example above, while your senior members are out 
doing something else.

> Guild decay.

Yep, it sucks. I don't like it and I don't know anybody who does. Anytime 
you can lose a level just by not doing anything, something's wrong. And the 
decay is f-a-s-t.

> Let's face it: if your a patron
> your Sony's ultimate sucker.

Until you start floating around town in a Magic Carpet and every other guild 
in town is looking at you enviously and wondering what the hell they can do 
to get one of these. Let's face it, guild prestige is aptly named: it's all 
about prestige and bragging rights. There is little to no experience from 
guild prestige raids or City Tasks, just perks like titles, mounts, crafting 
stations, flying carpets, etc. That's always been its intention. If you're 
not into playing the prestige game, don't do it, go do something else lol.

> 3) EQ2 feels is incredibly small compared to EQ1. It even feels small
> compared to CoH.

Huh? In CoH you couldn't even *enter* Perez Park until you were level 7, 
Boomtown, Dark Astoria, and so on, all had similar level restrictions. You 
couldn't enter most of the world until you were level ready. If you're level 
21 in EQ2 I'm betting you haven't even been off the starting continent yet, 
let alone any of the other half dozen continents. Have you fully explored 
Steppes? Shattered Vale? And these are just on Antonica. EQ2 forces you to 
earn your way via Access quests to other parts of the world. This does hold 
back more people from getting around to other parts of the world and in that 
sense I agree with what you're saying, it's not a fully explorable world in 
the sense that UO was, for example.

-- 
Redbeard
<Veritas>
Dwarven Mystic and Alchemist
Loyal Citizen of the Antonia Bayle
Current resident of the Willow Wood, City of Qeynos
http://veritas.everquest2guilds.com

Descendant of the Elder Winterfury Thunderwolf
<Resolution, Retired>
Barbarian Prophet of The Tribunal
Retired Citizen of Firiona Vie





