From 4912919239572945335
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,2dad1a0c352bd8f6,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-07-29 17:27:36 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!bloom-beacon.mit.edu!nycmny1-snh1.gtei.net!news.gtei.net!news-out.visi.com!hermes.visi.com!newsfeeds-atl2!news.webusenet.com!pc01.webusenet.com!news4.srv.hcvlny.cv.net.POSTED!53ab2750!not-for-mail
From: "chris" <adamdiero@hotmail.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: oh man, oh man . . . i *am* sorry
Lines: 148
X-Priority: 3
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-Newsreader: Microsoft Outlook Express 6.00.2600.0000
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V6.00.2600.0000
Message-ID: <T3l19.53488$qn5.2014280@news4.srv.hcvlny.cv.net>
Date: Mon, 29 Jul 2002 20:31:20 -0400
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.189.93.1
X-Trace: news4.srv.hcvlny.cv.net 1027988851 24.189.93.1 (Mon, 29 Jul 2002 20:27:31 EDT)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 29 Jul 2002 20:27:31 EDT
Organization: Optimum Online
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:217893

Alright, I really *am* sorry that i have to start another post, because as i
said, i was going to FOAD . . .

I honestly can't deal with 90 million people calling me an asshole (please
don't comment on that line). Most people think keeping the 12k worth of
stuff is wrong, and I won't argue. You may (and most do, including myself)
think it wrong to be as selfish as I was. I, on the other hand, am so
apathetic that I actually thought it *luck* that I found what I found. You
can call it theft, and you can curse at me, but you already know that and
have, so I'll just get on with it.

(Yes I'm using proper punctuation so that I won't be hard to understand me
on two accounts)

I have to tell the whole story, just because there's something I can't quite
deal with: HOW can anyone think I was lying? Would the thinking be that I
thought it would make a good story to say that I found 12k in items? Isn't
that kind of lame? I don't understand why someone would think I just made
the whole thing up. The idea that I would simply post a story that would
result in all the aggravation that has been caused here . . .well, it's like
saying that some type of genocide was an accident (overstated analogy, don't
flame me). You can't believe that, can you? If someone said that, you would
wear a soured face.

I went to one of the rooms below bazaar in the PvP area. I walked into a
room with a clickable cage-door. I saw a gnome sitting in front of a pile of
bags and things on the ground. He stood up. I figured he was drop-twinking,
so I started clicking the ground to pick up things. THAT IS THEFT ! All of
you that think the fact that he dropped it makes it fair game are wrong.
GM's and EQ say it's not, but technically pouring hot coffee on yourself is
not directly the *cause* of you being burned, according to some. I don't
want people to think I'm that type of moron. I'm just petty, and I suck at
life. The reason I'm making this post is because I didn't explain the story
well enough to be a foundation for the tons of debate that followed.

Now, he must have thought he had it all, because after just a split second,
he ran away. I clicked up the rest of the items. This happened so fast that
in all, I only gathered 3 things. One was a +1str +1agi +1svD +1ac +10 mana
earring, called "mosquito eye," there was a weapon called "warhammer of
ethereal energy" and a bracer with some decent priest stats. I just barely
checked the stats on the items when I figured I should see if the gnome
wanted his lame stuff back: not to "do the right thing," but because it was
worthless junk to me. I thought that my luckiness in being there was just
*too* much, so I figured I'd give him his stuff and ask him to hold my raw
silk stuff, and maybe we could help each other out. I thought it all very
funny . . . great minds and all that. Heh I suppose that line should be
paired with "Fools think alike," no?

He was gone though. This all happened very quickly. I ran outside the room,
and he was running back. I still hadn't caught his name. He ran right past
me, out the other way. He must have been lost (or it was lag ghosting). He
didn't stop, didn't hail me, and didn't move slow enough for me to click on
him even (not blaming my computer, just explaining), because the bazaar is
[graphics] lag hell and I just couldn't. So fine, I owned this stuff. If he
wanted his priest gear back, I wasn't going to be a taunting jackass and
play keep-away. Point = I was not presented the opportunity to give him his
stuff back, which I was going to do. I have once met a guy who found MY
things on the ground, and he told me he was waiting for me to log back on so
he could give them to me. I never said I was a fair person.

I shouted for PC's on the items, and got nothing in response. (Cutting to
the chase) After maybe 2 minutes of shouting for PCs on all three items
(figuring by this point that if it took this long for the guy to realize he
lost stuff, it was just too damn bad, because I was going to sell to vendor
just to have a few pp to buy bandages). I /auc WTS
this-that-and-the-other-thing when I get tons of tells about the earring.
Oops, its a CT 51+ drop, valued at near 10k. WTF? the hammer couldn't be
more than a few hundred pp, and the bracer couldn't be too good either. I
didn't feel like leaving my computer on all night to try to sell the crap to
a PC, but things change with such a surprise. After about 1/2 hour, I sold
the earring to one of two guys in the same guild who wanted to out-bid
eachother. I still have the hammer and bracer. Hell, if you or someone you
know has lost a bracer and 2hb (priest gear), just come and take it. If you
feel like starting a cleric mule, email me your name! It's yours!

I sent a tell to a monk who stumbled across me getting whooped in FoB the
day before. He gave me some rhino armor and a piece of wu's. I'm new to the
server, so I thought he was the coolest guy ever ( I didn't even ask for
anything). So in tells, I ask him if he's ever seen/read "Great
Expectations" (should be underlined, don't flame me). He says he hasn't. I
tell him he should watch it, then tell him to get his ass to nexus and I'll
buy him whatever he wants. I learn he doesn't have haste in our convo(never
had the indecency to inspect a cool guy w/o asking, plus it never mattered
what he was wearing anyway). I bought him an fbss and handed it off to his
guildleaer, b/c he(cool monk) didn't have luclin. Then I bought stuff fer
myself.

No, I was not alleviating guilt in buying him the fbss. I thought to myself,
"I have come across good fortune without any type of strife. It would be
good to help someone who deserves it more than I." I did not think, "Oh, if
I do good deeds, I can go to heaven!" or "Uh oh, the god of gnomes will be
mad!"

I am not blaming lag for the fact that I never had any contact with the
idiot who ran away without picking up his stuff. And I say "his stuff" even
though there may be a whole other story to explain who he was and what he
was doing.

Beyond my apathy for fellow man (and myself, but again, don't dwell on such
a comment), the reason I was so greedy to click this other man's things was
that in my first month of EQ, this exact same thing happened to me. I found
some stuff under a bridge in Rivervale, and picked it up. A guy showed up
seconds later, and the quote of the moment was, "If you don't have my stuff,
why are you glowing?" He then told me a GM would ban my account if I didn't
give him the stuff back. THEN he offerered me some lesser items in trade for
the good stuff, and I figured I was lucky. I took the trade. Looking back, I
was a chump. Now I feel great to *not* be the chump anymore (I'm just
immoral). Plus, this is a server where all people do is take out their
aggression on other people. They corpse camp you, they train you, they go
out of their way to hurt you. I, in that moment, finally got a chance to be
that evil. On Vallon, do as the Vallons do.

PC [not being a chump]? 12k on PvP servers. Stats on [not being a chump]?
Knowingly benefitting from someone else's loss, +50 to apathy pool (further
distancing from the human race). Modifiers on [not being a chump]'s stats?
Must be 40+ or in some way advanced past the I-am-bad-at-being-human hell
levels. Sure, plenty of 40+ people think someone else's loss is their gain,
and they owe nothing to life. That can be our next post (<insert sarcastic
emoticon here>).

My second post (on ethics and my disrespect) was only a cheap-shot to
explain why I would act as I had. It was fueled by a very basic attempt to
defend myself. I didn't post to rub my "evil moment" in anyone's face, to
make people be upset. It's important to me that that's understood: clicking
up someone's stuff = being evil, hating the people that ruin my time while
generalizing them and de-personalizing the aggression (that nazi thing, but
against pecks and most twinks) BUT posting to newsgroup = this is an eq
moment I found interesting - comment!

I don't know what was meant by calling me a "troll," but I've heard that
before, and I assume since the term is used mostly regarding the
cross-posters, it's posting things one knows will upset people - like
casting sentinal/sanctuary in bazaar. Being a jerk, right? If that's right,
than I am a troll, but not by intention (ooh paradox). Sorry to have caused
this aggravation.

Hell, this is the longest post ever. I'll go back to my FOAD'ing, so please
don't bother posting just to attack me.

Point = if you drop things, it is foolish to be certain you will get them
back . . . all's fair in love and war . . .
~chris~
    ^
is ironically as vulnerable as the guy who dropped stuff in the busiest zone
ever! everyone respond in a non-hostile way, as the lethal posts have
already been done!




