From 1164197098329483941
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,dafc179fb82e8c8b,start
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2001-11-23 08:48:24 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-post-01!supernews.com!news.supernews.com!not-for-mail
From: jaZZmanian Devil <jshaw@stny.rr.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Gargoyles in OoT
Date: Fri, 23 Nov 2001 11:27:53 -0500
Organization: Stygian Cheese Consortium
Message-ID: <3BFE7909.4B922255@stny.rr.com>
X-Mailer: Mozilla 4.76 [en] (Win98; U)
X-Accept-Language: en
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Lines: 68
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:137835

I posted this on a Necro board, having just had some amazing fast
advancement and success with soloing a necro in Ocean of Tears from 18
into nineteen on gargoyles. In case any of you other young necros might
find the information of use......
****************
On the advice of some nice folks, I dinged 18 and immediately set out
for Ocean of Tears again to try the Gargs solo. Let me tell anybody who
says you can't do it... you can, and it rocks. I did all of 18 this
morning and dinged 19 with a safety bubble.

First, the spot. I use the standard "safe spot" on the island. If you go
to the Oracle's island and go to the west side where you can see haunted
isle and swim straight west, you'll see a large outcropping with a
little tree on it. That's a spot where nothing paths (unless you get
trained by other hunters) and you can med in peace and fight safely
without adds.

The pet: At 18 or 19 it's easy to make sure you have a sixteen pet. At
18, only the sixteen pet will con "looks kind of dangerous" and at 19
only that one will con "looks risky". Of course, at twenty we get a new
one, so there ya go. Get a sixteen pet for these gargs. They hit hard.
Have reclaim energy memmed and screw the bone chip cost. You'll want the
max pet.

Pet weapon: Yep. I used one. I had my main keeping an eye out for fine
steel weapons and brought along a FS Two Hander. 12 damage. Old Jabober
was regularly hitting in the mid twenties. Very nice.

Set up: After casting a sixteen pet and equipping him, I buffed me with
shielding and spirit armor, and sprit armor on pet last. That way, when
mine started to fade, I knew Jabober's would go soon. Then, if the
island is full of greater skellies (as it was when I arrived) I just
started chain pulling them. No rest needed and soon cleared the island
of five or six of them, enough for the gargs to spawn and take over.
Bonus part was that the skellies were all blue or light blue and gave
xp. 

Pulling: Full health for you and pet, and full mana. Found one alone on
my side of island. Pulled with clinging darkness (You don't need the
next higher darkness for this. It's a waste of mana you may need later)
and hit it with heart flutter before it got there. (If HF gets resisted,
it's a MUCH tougher fight, but doable.) /Pet Attack, then threw in Heat
Blood and Leach. By then, pet was down a bit and I jumped in to tank for
a bit. With those dots, the gargoyles go down pretty fast and pet
attacking from behind helps a lot. Usually clinging darkness wore off
during fight, so I got ready to cast it again when the gargoyle ran. If
there was a possible add close by his death march path, I life tapped
him on the way out to freeze him. Otherwise I saved the mana and let the
pet finish him off. Never died once through six yellow bubs worth of
gargoyles, though I did have to feign once at the end and sacrifice poor
Jabober when I got cocky and pulled one up by the crest just as another
was coming down behind him.

The only complaint, if any, was that all those gargs dropped a grand
total on nine eyes so far, but I've had good and bad runs of that
before, so I know it will get better with time.

This is a great solo spot for the 18/19/20 necro, and you don't have to
fear kite them. (In fact, that would suck if they ran up to the
spectres.) Hope this is of some help. 
Uxivar
Newly 19 Necro
-- 
jaZZ md
*******
"Never take your eyes off the vampire in front of you to glance at the
werewolf in back of you. One problem at a time."
- - Laurell K. Hamilton


