From 6514197062148498790
X-Google-Language: ENGLISH,ASCII-7-bit
X-Google-Thread: fb739,86b9526678162c88
X-Google-Attributes: gidfb739,public
X-Google-ArrivalTime: 2002-01-06 19:03:37 PST
Path: archiver1.google.com!news1.google.com!newsfeed.stanford.edu!sn-xit-01!supernews.com!newshub2.rdc1.sfba.home.com!news.home.com!news1.rdc1.ne.home.com.POSTED!not-for-mail
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest
Subject: Re: Butcherblock dwarves bring out the worse (in) druids.  A camp rant.
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
Message-ID: <gv2i3ucbkuhnheal8enoa8vano84k3imlu@4ax.com>
References: <3c3899a6.7065810@netnews.attbi.com>
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Lines: 131
Date: Mon, 07 Jan 2002 03:03:36 GMT
NNTP-Posting-Host: 24.3.225.40
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 1010372616 24.3.225.40 (Sun, 06 Jan 2002 19:03:36 PST)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 06 Jan 2002 19:03:36 PST
Organization: Excite@Home - The Leader in Broadband http://home.com/faster
Xref: archiver1.google.com alt.games.everquest:153912

On Sun, 06 Jan 2002 19:14:38 GMT, rutzroop@hotmail.com wrote:

>So I ported into BB, and saw on tracking that the shore dwarves were
>up  I shouted camp check, no replies while I cast wolf form and medded
>up.  By the time I had all three snared, a druid shouts "Shore is
>camp, I'm sorry".  Then "Dang it, I go afk and someone takes my
>spawns".  Now, this was at night, and you probably know about the bug
>with wolf form where druids often appear as tiny black wolves. I would
>have not taken them if I had seen him sitting there.  What was I
>supposed to do since  had already engaged them?    

Kill them, its not your fault that the person was not to be seen, all
the mobs were up etc. In the first place camping is not even supported
by verant (he who pulls with a spell or melee first gets the spawn, no
matter who is loitering nearby according to verant) Since you'd
already engaged them its a bit late unless you gate but in that case
they may go back to that druid and pummel them if you got the dwarves
near them. What I'd do is this if I wanted to be nice:

1) if you were SURE that you did not pull them near the druid who is
likely to be kos to them, I'd say "Okay, I'm pretty sure that I had
them no where near you to aggro you so I am going to gate out okay?
When I do they will return hom, are you ready in case this goes wrong?
I am awaiting your answer before I gate. You were a tiny wolf I could
not see due to that bug and no one answered my camp check, all spawns
were up, etc."

2) if it was obvious that they were in aggro range I'd communicate
that fact and the mistake you made and say "okay, if you want to take
one or more at this time go ahead, otherwise I will kill them and then
leave since they were in aggro range of you and if I gate they will
come beat on you."


>Afterwards, I get a tell "I appreciate your taking my spawn, I was afk
>making breakfast".   

Being myself I'd be very likely to say "really? Nice ;) Since you
appreciate it I will take some more!" but I'm a JERK! ;)


>Now, this isn't the first time I had druids who
>were mysteriously afk while the shore dwarves were up and then get mad
>when I "take the spawn"  Most likely those druids were  off killing
>the dock dwarves.  

I'm a druid and this still kinda sticks in my bonnet, or something.
claiming SEVERAL such spawns is just selfish and needing as many as 3
is a sure sign that the person has basically outgrown the area. Its
really lazy.


>Anyhow, being a rude druid myself, I said "no problem", greeting
>sarcasm with sarcasm.  He pitied my guild, said that he had a family
>to make breakfast for (like I don't have that problem(?)).   I
>commented how the druid campers were so rude here and explained that I
>did not see him there.  He said the rudeness was called for (towards
>me) since I had run right by him to take his spawns (after I already
>said I didn't see him)  Then he said to take the "freaken camp".  

The person was basically just being difficult. First of all since they
were AFK making breakfast, even if you did kill all three they'd lose
what.. 12 minutes of XP? Omg .. you totally ruined their day after
their afkness!! 12 minuts what shall they do???? If I was them I would
have frankly said "go ahead and kill them but I am camping here and
will get the next ones, okay? I understand your mistake ;) " Some
people really have no idea how to win friends and influence people.


>After I medded back to full I just left.   [Question:  what would you
>have done in my situation?  Bitten back and stayed,  reluctantly give
>in seeing as how he was probably there, or be good natured].  

Well frankly since they were a jerk and said "TAKE THE CAMP", I would
have.


>In the
>past I wouldn't have sarscastically said "no probem" but I'm tired of
>explaining to druids,  "well gee I didn't see you there and the spawns
>were just sitting there for a few minutes".  But I don't feel the need
>to apologize.   
>
>Other druids have come by after I killed the shore dwarves (and I did
>the camp check) saying they had been camping these dwarves for the
>last 3 hours and that I should leave.  These are the druids who are
>also holding the docks but due to medding must wait several minutes
>after they spawn before engaging.  

My personal rule has always been this: 

If the person is not in a radius of control of the mobs and loitering
there then they are not camping the spawn. By the way, this is MORE
liberal than verant's own rules so I think I'm being more than fair.
If someone is there trying to take more than one group of spawns they
are being a fat little piggy and have outgrown the area. Its a totally
desperate act. I'd say "Okay, I am going to take one of these spawn
groups so you pick which one you want the most."

The docks itself is QUITE a few spawn to claim the docks AND another
area is just super selfish.


>Unfortunately, my druid  turned evil and I just use her to (slowly)
>make pp for my alt.  Myself a druid, I am losing respect for druids in
>general.  But to be fair, maybe most players get uptight in higher
>levels.   

They are just being super lazy assed beyond belief and trying to do a
spawn which stopped being good xp for them EONS ago. Out of
desperation they therefore need to do like 30 of them for it to be
worthwhile. This is not your problem in a limited resource game but
rather theirs.

The thing is though, if you have kunark/velious/luclin or any of those
there are better areas your druid could be doing also. I did the
spawns you are talking about pre kunark when there was precious little
else for druids to do from like 34 to 45. What level are you? At 45 my
druid went to east karana and did the barbarian fishing village guard
guys who were blue and higher level than those dwarves and seemed like
better xp. It was very relaxing because NO ONE ever does them since
only DOTS work well on them. Now with ensnare and root stacking it
should work even better because back when I did them dots were nerfed
but ensnare did not stack with root so I'd ensnare one and my dot was
doing less damage. I did those guys starting at like 44 and ALL of 45
(breezed through pretty quick on them even with one death from going
LD) and up to 46 or 47 when I went to kunark after it came out.


Email: dstephenathomedotcom
Find the @ and the . if you really need to.


