Level 9

Disease Cloud - Conjuration - Does 5 damage to target, and a DOT.

Invisiblity to Undead - Divination - Renders you invisible to Undead creatures only. Unspecified
duration.

Leering Corpse - Conjuration - Summons a level 4 - 5 pet. 2 bone chips are required.

Locate Corpse - Divination - Points you to the nearest corpse, or if you have a player targeted, points
you directly to his/her corpse, and targets it.

Reclaim Energy - Conjuration - Reclaims your pet and gives some mana back to you.

Sense the Dead - Divination - works like the locate corpse spell, but points you to the nearest Undead
creature.

Siphon Strength - Alteration - Takes 10 strength from your target and gives it to you.

Level 15

Bone Walk - Conjuration - Creates a lvl 7 - 9 pet

Clinging Darkness - Alteration - D.O.T. that slows down the creature. Can be used as a snaring spell
when no rangers are in the group.

Endure Cold - Abjuration- Cold resist buff

Fear - Alteration - Causes the creature to run away from you.

Lifespike - ? - Takes 11 hitpoints from the creature and gives them to you. Cost is 18 mana

Numb the Dead - Abjuration - Lulls Undead?

Shadow Step - Alteration - Randomly teleports you a short distance away.

Level 22

Convoke Shadow - Conjuration - Summons a lvl 11 - 13 pet (two bone chips)

Dark Empathy - Alteration - Takes hitpoints from you and gives to your target

Deadeye - Divination - Gives nightsight and see invis to self only. 

Engulfing Darkness - Conjuration - Upgrade to Clinging Darkness, slows movement, and D.O.T.

Spook the Dead - Alteration - Makes undead creatures only run away 

Vampiric Embrace - Alteraton - Randomly takes hitpoints from creature and gives them to you.

Ward Undead - Evocation - First in our undead attack line of spells, does 41 damage to undead only.
Our first evocation spell, so it will be tough to become a reliable spell. Must put one practice point into
evocation at your guildmaster. Can be practiced on your pet.

Level 30

Endure Disease - Abjuration - adds disease resistance

Feign Death - Abjuration - Gives the illusion to creatures that you are dead. One of our most critical life
saving spells.

Gather Shadows - Divination - Self only invis.

Heat Blood - Alteration - D.O.T. does 16 damage per tick for 10 ticks.

Lifedraw - ? - Upgrade to Lifespike, takes health from creature and gives to you.

Restless Bones - Conjuration - Summons a lvl 15 - 16 pet (two bone chips)

Wave of Enfeeblement - Alteration - AE spell that lowers strength of all creatures

Level 39

Animate Dead - Conjuration -Summons a lvl 20 pet (two bone chips)

Cancel Magic - Abjuration - Removes a spell effect from targeted creature/party member

Expulse Undead - Evocation - Undead only, does 81 damage, +1 damage per lvl.

Heart Flutter - Alteration - DOT and weakens target

Resist Cold - Abjuration - Upgrade to Endure cold

Shadow Vortex - Alteration - Reduces the AC of the creature

Shieldskin - Abjuration - Absorbs about 100 hitpoints of damage

Level 49

Breath of the Dead - Alteration - Water breathing

Dismiss Undead - Evocation - Final upgrade to your undead line of direct damge spells. Does 140
damage +2 damage per lvl.

Dooming Darkness - Conjuration - Final upgrade to the darkness line. Does 21 damage per tick for 10
ticks.

Invoke Fear - Alteration - Final upgrade to fear line of spells.

Life Leech - ? - Final upgrade to lifetap line of spells. Takes 280 hitpoints from creature and gives to
you.

Shadow Sight - Divination - Advanced Deadeye, gives ultravision

Summon Dead - Conjuration -  Summons a lvl 29 pet. (2 bone chips)

Word of Spirit - Evocation - AE spell that centers around you.