                        David R. Bixler - Resume


Contact Information:

David R. Bixler
21218 Winding Brook Square
Ashburn, VA 20147-5452

Phone: 703-729-8961
Email: dbixler@wbs-wireless.com
URL: http://www.wbs-wireless.com
ICQ: 150480388


General Skills:

    Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, Solaris, DOS.
  
    Languages: Java/J2EE, C++, C, Visual Basic, Some Perl, 80x86
    Assembly Language.
  
    Technologies: EJB, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, HTML, XML, XSL, UML, SOAP,
    Apache Struts, ODBC, COM, DCOM, EDI, SmartCards.
  
    Applications: BEA WebLogic, JBoss, Apache, Oracle, MySQL, Microsoft
    IIS, Eclipse, NetBeans, Apache Ant, Jakarta Tomcat, CVS, QMail,
    Samba, SourceSafe, PVCS, Rational Rose.
  

Employment History:

    J2EE Architect
    Comsys
    October 2002-Present
    
    Projects:
    * *Complex Bid Management System (CBMS)* As a contractor to British
      Telecom and Computer Sciences Corporation I was responsible for
      helping to enhance the Complex Bid Management System (CBMS).
      British Telecom and their clients used the CBMS for tracking the
      status on bids for contracts involving ATM switches and to help
      manage user workflow queues associated with these bids. This
      process involved creating bids, managing the bid process, tracking
      changes to bids and bid statuses, and for providing reports on
      these bids. The application is deployed on BEA's WebLogic
      application server.
    
    
    Senior Software Engineer/Team Lead
    e-centives, Inc.
    February 1997-October 2002
    
    E-centives was a venture capital funded Internet startup, of which I
    was the ninth employee hired.
    
    Projects:
    * *e-centives Organizer* My first assignment at e-centives was to
      assist in designing and implementing a Microsoft Windows based
      application for providing coupons to end-users. The application,
      known as the e-centives Organizer, was featured in several
      magazines and featured many advanced features including custom
      controls, irregular shaped windows, and many multi-media
      enhancements. The application was written using Microsoft
      Developer Studio and C++ using ObjectStore as our database. In
      addition, there were several web server plugins developed to
      permit the client application to communicate with the server
      through firewalls using the HTTP port. The coupon objects were
      developed as COM objects that were instantiated from data
      contained in the ObjectStore database.
    * *e-centives Web Organizer* The next task involved migrating the
      technology used in the original application to the web. This
      involved the creation of a large infrastructure built using J2EE
      on a clustered Weblogic Application Server. This product is
      currently a premier product of e-centives, inc. and can be viewed
      at http://www.e-centives.com. The initial design for this product
      was done using UML in Microsoft Visio and Rational Rose. We
      originally developed the product using Microsoft Visual J but
      later migrated to Netbeans. We also moved away from the
      ObjectStore database technology to a full Oracle implementation
      using JDBC to access the data. Part of my responsibilities also
      included managing a team of three engineers.
    * *e-centives Web Framework* My last responsibilities before leaving
      e-centives included maintenance and enhancements to the web based
      product and also for supporting one of our other major contracts
      with Reckitt Benckiser. Reckitt Benckiser is the marketing parent
      for many household products including Lysol, Jet-Dry, and many
      others. Samples of the sites that we created can be found at
      http://www.lysol.com, http://www.jet-dry.com, and
      http://www.calgon.com. We are building much of the infrastructure
      of these products using the J2EE on Weblogic, and using Apache
      Struts for the site navigation.
    
    
    Technical Project Manager
    Automation Intelligence, Inc.
    February 1995-February 1997
    
    Projects:
    * *Promotion Optimizer* I began working at Automation Intelligence
      as a senior software architect for a sub-contract to A.C. Nielsen
      working on a product known as Promotion Optimizer. Promotion
      Optimizer is used by customers of A.C. Nielsen to plan promotions
      that meet certain objectives and constraints and to schedule these
      promotions. This product used sophisticated numerical modeling
      algorithms to project the outcome of the promotion plans based
      upon historical data and market influences. The prototype of this
      application was in Visual Basic and the client's requirement was
      to release the application as a fully object oriented system in
      Microsoft Visual C++.
    * *Business Explorer* After the successful release of Promotion
      Optimizer, I was given a small team of developers to design and
      create another application for A.C. Nielsen known as Business
      Explorer. This product is used by a customer to evaluate actual
      sales data and to help assist in understanding why certain
      conditions were not met, and to "recommend" ways to meet these
      goals. Again, many sophisticated numerical and statistical
      modeling algorithms were used to determine the cause of the
      fluctuations. A very powerful graphing feature was implemented
      that allowed users to drill down on promotions and product lines
      and to examine anomalies in the results.
    
    
    Software Engineer, Consultant
    Cordant, Inc.
    December 1991-February 1995
    
    Projects:
    * *Assure* My initial responsibility was maintenance and
      enhancements on a product known as Assure. Assure was a hardware
      and software based product that implemented the Department of
      Defense's C2 Security (Orange Book) for the PC. It involved an
      extensive understanding of DOS and Microsoft Windows internal
      structures including the necessary file system hooks for
      automatically DES encrypting files in DOS and Windows.
    * *Assure NLM (Netware Loadable Module)* The next product extension
      to the PC product was the design and development of the Assure NLM
      (Netware Loadable Module) for securing Novell Netware servers.
      This later became part of the Trusted Netware Project.
    * *Trusted Netware* The Trusted Netware Project was a high profile
      project to certify Novell Netware as Department of Defense C2
      compliant. This included the complete evaluation of the Netware
      v4.1 operating system source code, including Novell DOS and the
      BIOS source code. Other important aspects of the system involved
      the MicroServer that was an embedded a PC on an ISA card. This
      embedded PC was the heart of the trusted system. This system
      involved understanding embedded controllers, DOS internals and
      internal structures, Microsoft Windows internals, and network
      operating systems. Volumes of technical documentation were also
      generated documenting every aspect of the system for presentation
      to the NSA during evaluation.
    
    
    Software Engineer, Consultant
    Microcard Technologies
    February 1995-July 1995
    
    Projects:
    * *Assure - Smartcard* As a consultant to MicroCard Technologies, I
      designed and implemented an interface between the Assure security
      product developed by Cordant, Inc. and the MicroCard SmartCard
      reader. Microcard's SmartCard device is a credit card sized device
      with an embedded CPU. The interface code was written in 80x86
      Assembly, C, and C++ for DOS and Microsoft Windows v3.x. This
      development was done with full consent from Cordant, Inc. to
      extend the capabilities beyond the initial product specifications.
    
    
    Software Engineer, Consultant
    ColorWave, Ltd.
    August 1994-October 1996
    
    Projects:
    * *ColorPick* I was an active consultant with a small startup firm
      concentrating on color spectrophotometry. The owner of this
      company was the primary developer for the paint-mixing machine
      commonly found in many hardware stores. The product being
      developed was a pen-sized hardware device for performing color
      spectrophotometry. My major responsibility was to create drivers
      and development APIs for third party use and the creation of
      demonstration applications to show the capabilities of the
      handheld color spectrophotometer (called the ColorPick). This code
      base was written in Assembly, C, and C++ for DOS, Microsoft
      Windows, and Windows 95. In addition, I was responsible for
      designing and rewriting the interface between the Milton Roy color
      spectrophotometer and the PC under Microsoft Windows.
    
    
    Software Engineer
    Software Artisans, Inc.
    February 1991-December 1991
    
    Projects:
    * *Transcend* I was one of three developers that designed and
      implemented an automated electronic forms software package capable
      of establishing a paperless office environment. This software was
      developed as a toolkit for system managers to use as the workplace
      dictates. This software was written in C using a GUI front end
      that was source code compatible with Microsoft Windows using a
      B-trieve database manager.
    * *EDI Publisher* The second product was a utility application for
      assisting in the publication of EDI standards and standards
      documents. The output of the standards documentation was
      accomplished using Hewlett Packard's Printer Control Language
      (HP-PCL).
    
    
    Software Engineer, Consultant
    Peter Kewiet Industries
    July 1991-December 1991
    
    Projects:
    * *Construction Management System (CMS)* Assisted in the development
      of a sophisticated construction management system for use in field
      offices around the world. Development of this system was done
      using Borland C and included writing a complete text based, event
      driven, windowing system and GUI.
    
    
    Software Engineer, Team Leader
    Comprehensive Technologies, Inc.
    April 1990-February 1991
    
    Projects:
    * *Claims Express* Assisted in the design and implementation of a
      medical claims processing system (called Claims Express) for
      electronic insurance claim filing in the medical community. This
      program was written in C with Borland C using Borland's Graphics
      Interface (BGI).
    * *EDI Link* After gaining more experience in the electronic data
      interchange environment, I was given the lead role in developing a
      text based EDI software package for the PC. I supervised three
      other engineers and helped coordinate their efforts in production
      of this software package (EDI Link).
    
    
    Junior Software Engineer, Unix Systems Administrator
    Electronic Data Interchange Association
    June 1989-April 1990
    
    Assisted in the design and development of software for Electronic
    Data Interchange (EDI) in C for Xenix/Unix. I also developed a small
    interoffice e-mail system in C for Xenix/Unix. I was also
    responsible for maintaining and administering our network.
    
    
    Co-op Programmer
    Star Technologies
    August 1988-December 1988
    
    I designed and wrote an imbedded error diagnostic program for array
    and vector processors based on the Motorola 68000 series
    microprocessors. This software was written in C and assembly using a
    Motorola 68000 cross-assembler on a DEC VAX.
    
    
    Computer Lab Instructor
    Prince Georges School System
    October 1997-June 1998
    
    I managed a small network of Apple computers for Phyllis E. Williams
    Elementary School. I was responsible for software maintenance and
    recommending software that would emphasize a particular teacher's
    curriculum.
    

Education:

    * *Rochester Institute of Technology*. Major in Computer Engineering
      Technology
    

Special Interests:

    * *Wireless Internet Service Provider (WISP)*. As a business and
      hobby I also manage a wireless Internet service provider in the
      Ashburn area over a T-1 installed in my home. This involves
      managing a Linux based server environment with installed Apache,
      Tomcat, MySQL, and QMail servers. Services are provided to local
      area residents using 802.11b technology. I also provide web and
      web application based services to other organizations.
    
