
"Everybody's Free (To Play EverQuest)", by  RaeKwon=AR= of the Aggression Rangers Quake clan (http://www.aggression.org/)
To the tune of "Everybody's Free (To Wear Sunscreen)", by Quindon Tarver/Baz Luhrman (modified by Arideth)


Ladies and gentlemen of the class of 2000:
Play EverQuest.

If I could offer you only one tip for the future, getting an OC-3 fiber
optic connect to your gaming rig would be it. The long-term benefits of
fiber optic speed have been proved by LPBs everywhere, whereas the rest of
my advice has no basis more reliable than my own lag filled experience. I
will dispense this advice now.

Enjoy the power and speed of your computer. Oh, never mind. You will not
understand the power and speed of your computer until you've tried to play
Darklands on a 486-50. But trust me, in 20 years, you'll look back at
screenshots of yourself and recall in a way you can't grasp now how much
possibility lay before you.

Don't worry about the future. Or worry, but know that worrying is as
effective as trying to take on a hill giant at level 6 with a rusty dagger
and rabies. The real troubles in your life are apt to be things that never
crossed your worried mind, the 50% packetloss that blindsides you at 9 p.m.
on some Thursday while you're running from a gorge hound in East Karana.

Do one thing every day that scares your party members.

Spam.

Don't be reckless with other party member's lives. Don't put up with party
members that are reckless with yours.

Play all Day.

Don't waste your time on ping envy. Sometimes you're ahead, sometimes you're
behind. The game is long and in the end what matters is the satisfied grin
on your teammates faces while you're sitting around the campfire roasting a
lion patriarch steak.

Forget all the times your spells fizzled. Remember the times you killed that
wisp with your last spell.

Keep your old demos. Throw away your old Voodoo1.

Don't respawn camp.

Don't feel guilty if you end up on the wrong end of a Blackburrow train and
spam to keep alive.

Get plenty of armor. Be kind to your knees. You'll miss them when they're
hacked off.

Maybe you're a powergamer, maybe you aren't. Maybe you like to PK, maybe you
don't. Maybe you'll divorce at 40 because your wife thinks you play too many
video games, maybe you'll both be playing Team Fortress Classic on your 75th
wedding anniversary. Whatever you do, don't take losing too seriously, or
winning either. Your defense was probably be half assed. So was your
offense.

Get to know your cleric. You never know who she might heal when both of the
tanks have gone under two bubbles.

Do not suffer from level envy. That 38th level wizard is probably only 15
years old and on summer vacation. Plus he has acne.

Talk to people while you fish.

Understand that guilds come and go, but only a respectable few live on in
memory. Work hard to bridge the gaps between servers, because the older you
get, the more you'll miss the people who hunted with you when you were
young.

Play in the Arena once, but leave before it makes you hard. Go hunt wisps on
Erud's crossing once, but leave before it makes you soft.

Use hotkeys.

Accept certain inalienable truths: Pings will drop. People will steal kills.
You, too, will get old. And when you do, you'll fantasize that when you were
young, pings sucked, guilds were noble and everyone played nice.

Respect your leaders.

Don't expect anyone to heal you. Maybe you have a good cleric. Maybe you'll
have a kick ass monk. But you never know when either one might piss off a
griffon.

Save newbies. Don't kill monsters that con green to you. But remember that
they might con red to someone else.

Be suspicious about the little moving shape on the horizon, but be patient
with the ranger who takes you on a 5 minute detour around it. Leaving
corpses unlooted are a form of territorial pissing. Picking up loot off a
monster someone left is a way of fishing money from the disposal, wiping off
the blood, painting over the ugly parts and recycling it for more than it's
worth.

But trust me on the OC-3 fiber optic connect.


