Interview with Robert Pastorelli
September 17, 1997
By: Ellen Gray of The Philadelphia News

Robert Pastorelli wants you to know that he loves TV. Honest.

Oh, he doesn't watch it very often. The only tube in his house is a
small set he keeps in a basement gym, occasionally dragging it upstairs
to a cable connection he maintains for major sporting events.

And his long-running stint as Eldin the house painter on CBS's
"Murphy Brown" notwithstanding, the actor insists that television is
"my least favorite medium to work in."

But "I like TV," Pastorelli said last week. "That's why I don't have
a TV. I don't get anything done. The sun's gone down and I'm still
watching TV."

As vices go, television addiction barely rates a mention when
compared to some of those practiced by Pastorelli's latest character,
Gerry "Fitz" Fitzgerald, star of the American version of "Cracker,"
which premieres tomorrow night on ABC.

Fitz drinks too much.  He cheats on his wife.  He views the people he
loves with a detached irony that borders on contempt, and he crosses
that border when dealing with authority of any kind.

In Britain, where Robbie Coltrane originated the role of the
psychologist who helps crack cases using his knowledge of the criminal
mind, deeply flawed heroes and heroines occasionally prosper -- witness
"Prime Suspect's" Jane Tennison -- but on this side of the water, the
mass audience tends to mistrust ambiguity.

Is Pastorelli worried that ABC at some point might seek to water down
Fitz's character to make him more "accessible"?

"No, they won't do that. That won't be what I agreed to do," he said,
betraying a lack of cynicism at odds with his character. "I said I'd
do television again if it were something really, really exceptional."

So far, what makes "Cracker" exceptional is its slavish devotion to
the original.  The first two-part episode, which deals with a fan of
Fitz's who's killing young men to get his attention, is nearly
identical to a British version that aired earlier in the year on
A&E.  ABC has changed a word beginning with "t" that refers to
breasts to a slightly less rude word beginning with "b," but it has
done nothing to soften scenes in which the killer electrocutes her
victims.

Pastorelli won't buy any argument that the graphic nature of those
scenes might promote similar crimes. "I think that if somebody's out
there and they're looking to do something like that, they're going to
find a way," he said.  "I watched `The Three Stooges' all my life and
never cracked someone in the head with a hammer."  Still, like Fitz,
he has a yen to know how the criminal mind works, particularly one as
twisted as Jeffrey Dahmer's.

"Did you ever stop to think about what his parents did to him?"
Pastorelli said. "Where did the needle skip along the line that
allowed him to commit these crimes, to eat flesh? I find that
fascinating." (Yes, it's definitely time to change the subject.)

Any truth to reports that Eldin might return to "Murphy Brown" for an
episode this season?

"I love `Murphy Brown' and I love Candice [Bergen]," said the actor,
who left the show in the fall of 1994 and later starred in the short-
lived "Double Rush."

"I might do that.  I don't know.  The one thing that I know about
this business is that you never know."

Get out your handkerchiefs.

One problem that's existed from the very beginning of Fox's "Party of
Five" is that the youngest of the five orphaned Salingers, Owen,
wasn't nearly old enough to date, something that's cut into his face
time on the series even more than those pesky child-labor laws.

Owen (Steven and Andrew Cavarno), who's still in nursery school,
nevertheless gets his own sexually tinged "issue" in tonight's
fourth-season premiere (Channel 29, 9 p.m.), sending "Party's" angst-
meter readings right through the roof.

As for his siblings, you just know they won't find themselves living
happily ever after anytime soon.

Prepare to wallow. You can reach Ellen Gray by e-mail at
elgray@phillynews.com, by fax at 215-854-5852 or by mail at the
Philadelphia Daily News, Box 7788, Philadelphia, Pa. 19101.