The Best New Cop Show on Television
October 20, 1997
By: CopTV Guide

So what's the best new cop show on television? It's easy to see that none of
the new crop approaches NYPD Blue, Law & Order or Homicide in quality,
but in this viewer's opinion, there is one new show that has become
"must-see" material. 

It'll probably surprise most readers that, for me, ABC's Cracker is that
show. Though the new version of the UK series has faltered in the ratings
against its Thursday night competition, it has proven to be the most original of
the new cop shows to debut this Fall. 

At this point, let me drop in a disclaimer: I have not seen the original UK
version of Cracker, mainly because I have enough trouble keeping up with
the big three networks. That said, some viewers believe the new series
destroys the spirit of the original and just doesn't live up to it. Since I haven't
seen the original, I don't have to worry about comparisons. 

Two things separate this drama from the other new shows: 

A Flawed Hero:

Robert Pastorelli has brought to the screen Gerry "Fitz" Fitzgerald, a fairly
unstable lead who's plagued by personal demons and family problems. As a
psychologist for the L.A.P.D,, Fitz helps break down vicious crimes by trying
to think like a criminal, but he never really fits the bill of a hero. Can an
alcoholic compulsive gambler with marital problems really be a hero? Fitz is
going to give it a try. 

Producers have looked at some great shows from the past and understood that
the lead character doesn't always have to be the nicest guy on the block.
Look at two of the best cop shows on television today: NYPD Blue has Andy
Sipowicz, a bigot who has been battling the bottle. Homicide has Frank
Pembleton, a loud, angry man who has trouble communicating with his wife and
others . . . That's just a snap-shot of those complex characters, just as
the above paragraph is just a glimpse in Fitz's character.

Real people have problems. Real people have flaws. That's what makes these
characters work so well. 

No Super Criminals: 

Sure, this isn't something you see on every series, but compared to Profiler,
Timecop or even C-16, it's refreshing to have a lead character who isn't
supposed to be hunting down a super-killer week after week, with token
crimes thrown in. There's no doubt that some of Fitz's cases may be a little
extreme, like the college student who liked to electrocute young guys, or the
train-loving serial killer, but it's a welcome escape from Profiler's Sam being
hunted by Jack, who must have killed two or three hundred people by now,
including Sam's immediate family. 

Again, the better shows out there don't need to result to an unbeatable foe for
storylines. Ensemble cop shows like NYPD Blue and Homicide use real crimes as
their inspiration, as does Law & Order. Real life provides enough drama without
having to make-up killers who can't be caught. 

Cracker is enjoyable because it doesn't rely on action to keep a viewer's
interest, nor a lead's good looks. The cast, for the most part, is excellent,
and Carolyn McCormick (Law & Order) has finally found a weekly home where her
fans can catch her. Pastorelli, though, is the real strength of the series,
with a dramatic ability that is tempered with just the right amount of self-
depreciating humor. 

There are some problems with the series, as can be expected with any new
show, but (with the exception of the runner-up, below), no other new
program comes close to taking chances and delivering results, like Cracker
does.