Melkir says "If you "look" at the room, you'll see the outline of our meeting for today, we're going to start out with some projects RPS is working on and get your opinon on wither or not we're going the right direction or if we need to go about some other areas."

Meeting Room

Player Meeting 05/31/02
Topic: Directions on the MUSH
Info: 
RP Staff is going to go over the "next steps" as they are planning, and we're interested in what you as a player think are important, lacking, needs fixing, is all together broken, or isn't even on our radars. 
After comments on the items presented, it'll be open mic to address concerns and issues brought up by individual players. 
Please Note: Prepare your comments a head of time, in notepad or what not, and be ready to answer when you turn comes up. After you are passed the mic, please pass it to next person when you're finished. Thank You!

Players:
  Fate  
  Marcus  
  Xu Shu  
  Alexa  
  Punch  
  Tyger  
  Delano  
  Catts  
  Molly  
  Roscoe  
  MadMan  
  Revver  
  Turin  
  Amanda  
  Hamlet  
  Asano  
  Felix  
  Avatar  
  Rah  
  Lucifer 

Melkir says "So, here we go..."

Melkir says "We recieve about 2-3 suggestions for major missing holes every month or so. We know that there are a lot of areas that need work and some of you may eve have heard about a 'list' that I've got about going down and better defining some of our day-to-day needs in how they relate to our world. First off as you've seen already we've made some changes to lifestyles, some changes to the way contacts work for new players (and indeed for existing players), and are working on keeping +help current and accurate."

Melkir says "A good number of the RP staff all notice a lack of cohesion in our world, a gel, something that keeps everyone together in the same 'physics' for lack of a better word. This is one of our major priorities, some of the refining work that is going on is related to our mechanics work. People like fixers, deckers, riggers, orgs, etc. Grouping and creating uniformly understood rules for dealing with them are what is coming most immedately."

Melkir says "After that, a final assessment of what characters we DO have, their strengths and weaknesses, etc. Some changes to make rep more flexable and current, rather than having a 'single' value, having many so that it isn't so black and white about what you mean to the shadowrun community. A 'fall out' system, mentioned briefly in the Gear Acqusition posts today, and other things to bring about a world, rather than our day-to-day TT game into infinity."

Melkir says "Of course, during this period we're also working to increase the 'background' noise of the world, and get people involved in more and more shadowruns and other odd occurances. It's an effort that needed the additional staff that we've brought on, and of course could only be helped by more we will be looking for in the future."

Melkir says "You should all know that there is a RP Staff meeting this sunday, to directly dicuss and respond to the issues that are brought up in this meeting, and I'm looking for specificly, is what -you- think would be the best moves for the MUSH, what we need more of, ideas to make your life more interesting, and of course game mechanics is always a popular topic."

Melkir says "I hope you've all got some complaints, and some disgruntled feelings to express, else this'll be pretty short. You shouldn't be uncomfortable bringing up anything, even minor things, that affect your enjoyment and gameplay here. Please see the +lhelp in the room to see how to join the queue, and if none of the other staff present have something to say, we'll start."

Melkir peers, "I'll take that as a no... Please remember to 'pass misc' when you've finished your statement. Thanks!

Roscoe says "I've only been playing here for about a month, thus far I think everything is superb, especially the people. When I first arrived I knew drek about SR, but now I know some things about SR. Overall this MUX has been a fun and rewarding experience. I just think that updating the website with a map of Seattle including all the neat, new player made business and apartments would help newer players to get adjusted, as would buying suped-up cars and renting rooms in chargen, though the system now is already very good. Maybe there should also be a very low level Mr. Johnson or fixer to help get people started working in Seattle (this is directed mostly at the other players). Another possible addition would be another marking for admins that are currently able to take a PC on a little run or out to make trouble so that the +judges can be +judging things."

Fate says "Damn I didn't have it pretyped and I was out of the room. What it sounds like you are doing is turning us all into shadowrunners, now I know a lot of you are but some of us aren't specifically runners. Also I would like to comment that it sounds like you are taking away what we individually have now that makes us that, in order for us to comfort to some utopian ideal that may or may not work. Also I would like to comment that for the ideas you have to work, a lot of the stuff that happens in a TT game would have to be hardcoded creating a more interactive world that would require less staff.""

Melkir nods, "That's something we've realized quickly fate, about the code. And as for turning everyone into shadowrunners, that actually is something I want to avoid. Part of not being a TT x N game is to have "support characters" that play major rolls. We'll need a lot more tools to do that, no doubt."

Fate says "But overall I haven't noticed a problem with the server's cohesion... We are all individuals and forcing us all into a small box doesn't accomplish much. A lot of people I know and talk to are hard core Rp-ers, they believe that we should all live our characters like they truely are. Which means times of isolation, times of rest, times of just being away from it... we have one of the better SR servers here... because of the people and the numbers. In order to make it better a large global campaing would have to be inacted to recruit and populate more people...""

Avatar says "What is forcing you into a small box?"

Fate says "As for suggestions, I can only suggest that the grid be re-thought of. There are places that really could use better descriptions, there are items that lack the basic descriptions, there are even basic weapons that don't come with the standards that are even listed in the book, and there are stats that are still from older sources that have such been invalidated" 

Melkir nods, "I think I need to explain a little better what I mean by cohesion, it isn't focused into making a global compaign, but more about actually being able to affect our 'game'. Often when an event happens it disappears like erasing something off of a board from the area it effected. That's something I'd like to change, as well as having subtle events affects PCs in positive and negative ways, that however is a much bigger acomplishment, as you can imagine.

Fate says "What I mean by that is, there are rumors of attempting to force people into a small grid. It may or may not work, in fact i bet things stay the same as they are. Rommie or not people will continue to act the way they do.""

Fate says "You mis interpreted my idea of global campaigning =) I mean advertise more and draw in more people to create a larger server""

Melkir nods, "Objects are somethign we're aware can become quickly out of date, if you see these you should let us know.

Fate says "Well I said enough and I think other people are begging to try themselves""

Melkir nods.

Venom says "My idea is rather simple, but one I'd like to see implimented. One thing I noticed is, no matter how good a Roleplayer someone is, if an important detail must be told by someone that OOCly makes them know they did it but not ICly, it's very hard to stick to it. Maybe a way to anonymously page, or something as such. Also, a way to emit to a room of people if you are just outside and making a ruckus or something they will obviously know... I at least would like that for kicking garbage cans outside a business.
Secondly is an expansion of the anonymous idea that would also be much more fun RPwise and prevent characters being bored of their original concept that I personally would really like to see implemented. Maybe a way to become an NPC, with new descs and everything (but likely disallowed to fight beyond RP unless approved); a simple way to do this is people who are NPCs are anonymous, but on the who list and whatnot have their taken name with (NPC) on the end. This can implement NPCs from your BG, or from current plots, or just to have some good, different RP fun. How complicated an NPC is can be tooled or whatnot, and most likely NPC archetypes can be saved as well for future use. Well... thats about it on my end, other then I'd like to see more non-PC ways to make money/yadda. And background RP, if harmless, is always real great fun!"

Avatar says "I'll speak to the grid thing and the stats thing."

Avatar says "There has been some talk about reducing the size of the grid for the simple reason that out of 5500ish rooms very few of them are used regularly. The item stats problem is one that is being worked on. The +list system is actually one of the ways to do this because there are way more of your eyes then mine you'll probably find things that I miss. We are currently working on adding armor and vehicles to the list system."

Turin says "I'd like to make a comment on the pervious mentioned concept of a... `mutable` grid. One that changes with events that happen there. I can understand and appericate the idea. But I do think that something should be put into the mix for changeing it back later. If a building gets blown up, the rubble only sits there for a while, it doesn't become a perminate landmark. Not usually anyway. One of my specific beefs is Mike's Gym, with the Police line out front. Back when it went in, I didn't have much problem with it. But now it's sat there for ages, with apparently nothing happening. Maybe thing are happening that I'm not privy to, but that's my view of it."

Lucifer says "First off I would like to applaud the admins and staff on the sheer numbers of scenes, strange events and occurrences occurring on a daily basis. A visit to LD wouldn't be the same without acid, venom and drones. 
 Okay, I know this issue has been raised quite a bit on the bulletin boards, but I still feel a lack of greenie runs. Tempest ran one some time ago, but in all my months of playing it's the only one ive seen. Now, I probably am on at the wrong times as I am in Britian, but I hardly ever see any milk runs about. Just hardcore stuff that would kill amateur players.like myself. So, I vote for a plethora of easy, low pay milk runs for the seemingly large amount of new chargenners (and myself) to whet our teeth on. It would give the whole mux a more 'criminal' undercurrant, small events happening regularly and having a very small impact on the whole place. It wouldn't take long to prepare and run plots like these and it would add a little spice to the place for poor wannabes like myself. I don't play a shadowrunner in the game, but we play this for a reason, and most of the time its because you get to do all sorts of stuff, illegal and illicit, evil and cruel. I don't want to play something that I am in real life, I want to have a twist on it 
 But once again I would like to express thanks to players and admins for combining to make this place the enjoyable alternative to reality that it is.."

Xu Shu says "Urk... erm... still typing... give me a bit..."

Melkir nods to Turn. "I've tried to put the line down at blowing stuff up until we know how to put it back, that is being worked on :-)

Melkir tries nodding to TURIN even.

Xu Shu clears his throat. "Ahem... here we go..."

Melkir nods to Lucifer, "That's a good idea, unfortunately the majority of staff is under the impression that runners won't take low paying jobs. I've even been laughed at ;-)"

Xu Shu says "Firstly, just because it's been mentioned, I'd like to comment that I've never sent /anyone/ to the Seattle website, because, to be frank, it seems to be incredibly out of date and otherwise embaressing... but that's just my opinion.
Secondly, just about money on the grid. I think that people have mentioned the whole 'milkruns' and so forth. What I'd like to see is an active encouragement of PrP's. The stable 'milkrun' can be handled by experienced players, fixers and so forth. I'm talking about 10k or less per head. If you don't need the money, then fine, don't get involved. But for us (yes I'm one) who are struggling ICly to pay the rent, it would be a great advantage. Keep the Admins available for their larger 'plex spanning' plots and for high payment plots.
Thirdly, Karma to Cash. I know it's out there, but only because of rumours... Karma to Cash is the equalising factor (in my opinion) it's what makes cyberware and so forth attainable. Basically, I know it's there, but I'd like to see it published.
Fourthly, speaking of Cyberware, I think it would be nice to have the planning for cyberware implants to have a slightly reduced time... needing to spend several months on planning a single operation is... kinda hard (even though I'm not a doc anymore.)
Finally, I'd like to see more BGcount used by mages and shamans and so forth... but that's just me. I think that's it... if I have anything else to say, I'll go directly to the admins... as I have been. Thanks for your time."

MadMan will be redoing the website, FYI.

Melkir is planning on publishing a karma to cash +help file

Melkir says "To explain the reasons behind PrP Approvals briefly, it isn't so much that we really need to give the head nod, but in the way we've setup it up is that whomever approves your log is responcible for reading and rewarding it. It's important that we have someone assigned to that, else they sit forever (and in some cases we know, it still like that)"

Delano will agree with Melkir, I've posted on the rumor mill board several times, offering small jobs, generall 1K-10K and as yet, haven't been contacted. Everyone wants to walk around like they're a totally badass icecold streetsam, but..It takes higher staff if you wanna pull down a 100K run. I can personally fund up to 15-20

Delano says "Simple stuff, hitting a transport, stealing cars, a little B&E, those I guess are 'uncool' runs?"

Delano shrugs, the grid is very large, I agree, with who knows how many never used rooms, that could be shrunk, but that's more a technical thing than a game concept to me.

Melkir says "I think that we might be better off refining locations into more 'interesting' locations, rather than just 'more of them'"

Delano says "I applaud the new lifestyle system, makes it much easier to remember where you're renting and know you need to update it, plus track your alias'es, kudos."

Delano says "Yes, frankly, if you walked two rooms to the right and were suddenly in the barrens at the 'hot' club, that's fine with me."

Delano says "I don't need 50 rooms between me and there."

Delano says "Just a few sample rooms to have different scenes in, the burned out warehouse, the hot alternative club, the docks, stuff like that."

Melkir nods.

Delano says "I like the mix of archetypes, but I also note I see a lot of high-end expensive sam characters, and there are like, 3 punks? I know Rah fits the streetpunk bill, but I haven't met anyone in the downtown area that would work for less than 50K."

Venom says "One more random idea I was thinking of after what I read... is there a way for a PC to openly stick some additional desc into a room? Let's say you and someone get in a fight, breaking a table. You can tag on a keyword displayed at the bottom of the room that can be +viewed, with the paricipant's names hidden for staff to view and maybe notes visible only to staff as well. This way you can dofun things like carving death threats on a wall, accidentally spill things, yadda and have more then just the people at the scene know, and have it stick there until ICly gotten rid of. Also it can let one know about anything important or current, to prevent pulling-out-of-ass the same way PCnotes do. If abused, it should be easy to punish since the writee's name is available to staff so I think it'd work fairly well..."

Molly says "Just a couple of thoughts I had. Maybe an easier method of finding people within your price range who can the small milk-runs. I'm not a shadowrunner...I'll never be a true Johnson or fixer, but I'm going to want to track down some people who can the physical stuff I need done...on a budget. As it stands right now, talking to a few people ICly, anybody and everybody is talking six figures. Uh...well, thats nice, but thats going to put a quick end to an P-r-P's I have in mind, 'cause I don't have that kind of cash sitting around. *shrug* If any of that makes sense."

Lucifer says "I am glad there is a quiet consensus out there on the milk run issue.I for one, to all staff out there, am willing to do the types of runs XS talks about. I still live at Hojos and still have problems paying the rent too!. It is good to hear your voice on the matter Delano, but as your rightly state there are too many hardcore out there, and I know XS is planning a few prp's which is just what we need. Theres enough badasses out there ruling the streets and commanding 100k for a run..what about us little people who are just starting out? 
 Regarding Surgerythe times for planning etc are much reduced now in the M&M rules, maybe you are thinking of old rules. I have performed operations, including planning and diagnosis, in under 48 hours, its not too time consuming, but maybe there should be a reduction for the piece of cyberware being installed. 3 days to plan putting in a datajack seems a little excessive."

Melkir nods, "That would be something we'd need to look at, the more datajacks the better ;-) go deckers go ;-) But really, I always thought of getting a datajack like getting your ears pierced ;-)

Turin says "Just a quick comment, that perhaps only my problem. But I don't plan to pre-type anything. Give people a chance to read what's already been posted."

Turin says "Now, on low paying jobs. I personally don't see the walking past them. then again, I haven't seen the streetwise for them either. I know unless i'm in the area, I don't go, because i recall a time where if you wen't there in the first minute, you'd have to wait in a line of people. But maybe that's changed now. Anyway, i'd be happy to go on these so called `low paying` jobs. 10K is way more than i make RL, so maybe it's just a matter of perspective."

Xu Shu says "Hi guys. Me again. Seems like the same people going round and round. Just like to note to Delano that, even just since his (and my) comments, I've had a few of 'my buds' as it were, mention that they would have jumped on teh chance to make the 10k. And, well, I'm the same. I don't know where you're publishing it and so forth... anyway. Having gone through CG (relatively) recently, I know that there's a board up for the staffers to know who the new players are and a bit about them. Perhaps that should be made available to the plex... or something. I dunno... I just know there are a lot of us broke people out there who wouldn't turn our nose up at a few more weeks rent.
As for the surgery planning times. Try having someone ask you to put in a Beta datajack, with an option, and having it take you 576 hours base, or 72 days. Sure base times aren't too bad, but once those beta/alpha/option multipliers kick in, you're talking a long time (unless you get 10 successes on your Medicine test... in which case it takes no time at all)."

Xu Shu says "Oh, as an added note, i've started to talk to a few people after i got approval for 10k runs, and they all sound enthusiastic. Perhaps the people being contacted for the low paying jobs are just the wrong people. As a person who's averaged an earning of about 100Y for each karma he's earnt since coming IC, I'd jump at any chance to make some money... especially after getting mugged a few times (thanks Rah) Anyway, Here Windy... enjoy."

Windy says "I'm one of the new folks who would jump on a 1K to 10K job... as a matter of fact, I have. I'm actually still learning how to go about finding jobs. I had no idea, till yesterday, that a pocsec could be used to access things on the Matrix (like the Hiring Hall). I've gotten my jobs through fixers that I interview with. The only suggestion I'd make there is that its made a little easier for a newbie to find out what resources are available to them. I thought I read everything that I could and I managed to miss it. Oh... and I wouldn't change the grid at all... except maybe to neaten up a few raw spots. The grid is big... Seattle is big. If the server can handle it, then leave it alone. The scope of the setting is very nicely conveyed by the size of the grid. It gave me pause to say, "Wow." when I first started looking at +maps... and it absolutely makes each neighborhood feel like a DIFFERENT neighborhood for reasons other than "because staff says so." Please don't change it."

Fate says "I actually enjoy the rooms. I like seeing a lot of scenery passing by. I like to know that I am going through the sprawl of Seattle to get to my location. I rp it out when people talk to me. It's hard to appreciate the time it takes to get from one side of the city to another, and with the multiple grid rooms it makes it seem more in character."
"A while ago I had this idea and told it to Catts, maybe the street rumor skill can double as a sort of language skill. Have coded buliten boards in runner hangouts that allow for a character to post (what Icly is coded into looking like a lost puppy add at a bar or something) that allows riggers to list there prices, what they can do, etc in a easy to read sheet formula. If the board is too much, there are a billion bartender NPCs, and I know there's code to leave messages and etc with them. Have the ability of a coded phrase, that copies a prewritten write up sheet (like a police wrap sheet), which gives it to the bartender allowing others to view it in sort of an easy to function menu. ---This was an idea about gettings runners to meet each other easily."
"Ansi for all you who see too much of the same color. I would love to see the ansi used in Detroit, Germany, and etc.. to be applied here. I like examining objects like a phone with an answering machine and seeing an ansi blinking red 1. Or to just have different colors for the basic room items. (I know these can be customized via mush utility device thingy, but it would not hurt to have more."
"As for a general suggestion. I've submitted this already to queue and actually like the idea behind it. I know it means more code, but I would love to see a varity of NPC car dealerships across the grid. Ones that would sell vehicles according to there scale location. So if you place a cardealership in a low class area, maybe it sells Fords, cheap bikes, and econ cars... or if you see one in a luxury / high area you see Ferrari's and other player made vehicles. I would love to see more of the already created vehicles hit the streets."
"Also (god I'm going on a lot of code stuff and the BCS staff is going to kill me) but how about updating the directory a bit? A lot of directory stuff really is old and outdated, and even the design of it could be more appealing and easy to use"

Melkir says "The directory stuff almost any staffer can do Fate, I'll see about getting someone on it."

Rae nods. "Fate, we just need someone to tell us. This isn't here and should be, or that is, and shouldn't.

Melkir nods at Rae, "BC has queues for suggestions, bugs, and typos also, just so everyone knows"

Turin says "I agree that the big maps are cool. I can see both sides, but have no trouble with the size thay are now."

Avatar would use +info to advertise something about yourself. What your specialties are, your hierarchy in the chain of things, how to contact you ICly, etc.

Turin says "On big runs. the 100K style stuff, or even the 40K. I'd like to see a habit of getting some payment up front, when you start working on the run. Too often I've spent a day or two doing legwork, and then everyone on the run has to go to bed for the night. Well, tomarrow someone has class, the day after someone else has to work. So on form there, so it turns out the plot just dies. Two days of leg work, nothing to show for it. A little up front would ease that blow a great deal. Also give the person running the plot a bit on incentive to fishish, as we're already half paid. Or a third, or ten percent, or whatever."

Delano nods, "True with Turin, it's tough to synch people, so on a big run, it would be expected to get some money up front for say, run-specific expenses, happens in TT, why not here? It occurs to me that most of my run-offering occurs on the Rumor Mill board, and it may be that not so many players outside orgs (where it's mandatory to have Street Rumors skills) may possess the skill, thus they have no access to the board to read all the 'hint' posts. I know I don't frequent the more popular bars, and try to direct people to me over that board.
front!"

Delano says "I intend to update my own +info and it may be an idea to put out that everyone use this as their own personal advertising space. Yes, ideally we're all 'mysterious' but frankly, we may have to accept that in the MUX environment, some things need to be more blunt"

Delano says "Thus you'd put something like me and say "I hire people to do small runs" or "I do <insert your skill here> for <insert your realistic cost>""

Delano says "Rah has a point that he passed to me, perhaps the approval staff should be screening the +info and ensuring that if people want to do any sort of 'jobs', they know how to find them on the grid"

Avatar says "As you move up in the hierarchy of things word is gonna get out. People are gonna know about you and what they do. If you have no info set then there is no info for people to go on. That is combined with the +whoswho command. If I was looking for a rigger or a sammie I would furst check +whoswho and see what the options were then +info the likely candidates."

Delano says "When I was new, it's not like my Pc could feel comfortable walking up to people in bars and go "Hey, are you hiring?" I mean, could you do that RL? Not easily."

Delano says "+whoswho could be hard to break into. You need to be a veteran with your own rep, just to read it."

Avatar says "You get access to it once you've done your first run."

Lucifer says "That is true XS, but beta ware is quite specialised, only a step away form delta, but I guess times like that are excessive. This is a quick comment to thoroughly agree with what is said..where is the advertising for these low paid runs? And it seems that this is how it should bemore low paid runs to keep a roof over the head for another few weeks until another bit of illicit work comes your way. That speaks shadowrun to meto me that is what the game is. Way back when I gm'ed the tt game, I always had my players out on a shoestring, keeping them scratching at the chance to find a submachine gun or, pray to god, a shotgun or assault rifle. It made the times when they encountered these all the more special and gave me more scope. Keeping them brassic also made for fun gaming, rather than a group of runners who could buy the world in the palm of their hand. 
 Poverty and seediness are part and parcel of this game and the world it creates. Earning 100k for a nights work just seems too much for me. Lose the assault rifles, pick up the hold outs. There just seems to be too much cash floating around this place, everyone but me seems absolutely loaded, not caring about spending half a mil there, quarter here. 
 XS wants me to inform the world that he WANTS jobs, anything that pays around 3k. 
 Me thinks I doth protest too much. By my troth I am off."

Fate says "Forgot to mention this before, but the interstate. Could it get mapped? Who's gotten lost on the interstate? oh come on admit it ... and in the color green or blue?"
"Problem is 1) people don't know how to use info. 2) Some of the information seems like it should be rolled more and RP-ed in a way, but then again I could be contracdicting myself."
"Also, why can't Corps be open to a group of lets say... players who have had a lot of prior experience on the server. Let them according to a structured set of rules run a Corporation, with a limited show of force so they would have to rely strictly on runners to 'increase there profit margin'. Just an idea, hell we have Corp rumors (that no one uses)."
"Also, (coding staff kill me again), how about a type of voucher that can be given to PCs who control runs. Like Revver said on the rigger channel. This voucher, in order to be used, has to be confirmed by the admin anyways, but RP wise it allows for a preset reward item to be there. Like Fixer Ky Jelly (sorry just wanted to be funny), wants to set up a run. He submits the stuff to the admins and the admins in turn give him a set of vouchers. Now they talk to this fixer oocly and tell him that they should get what they earned, and it should be logged anyway just in case someone decides to do someone too many favors (if you get what I'm talking about. So the players along the passage of the run acquire these vouchers, so it appears more to there minds, that they have actually done the run."
"Can there be a way for players in general to make "1k per month" working for the legit sector. (Oh great Fate's talking about more code) Make it kind of like the game of life, people go to a place and maybe there's a command to ask for employment. They get a list and see that dishwasher is open. (We've all had to do it, I'm really close myself) Typing another command, they apply and based on a roll of dice and charisma they either get the job or get told no. Now if they get the job, they can job rp there, and in return on a monthly basis they get a certian amount. Now it shouldn't be much, maybe 400 every two weeks or work, but you can make it slightly humorous by putting in random events based on a die roll. Like maybe have them fired because they snuck stuff to a friend of theres or etc. It's an unusual idea I know, I apologize."
 "Well It probably sounds like I'm asking too much. So i'll shut up.""

Melkir says "Interstate mapping is on my list Fate."

Fate nods, dances and passes the mic.

Melkir says "Don't apologize Fate ;-) you can't ask to much, it's that we can only do so much :-)"

Turin does a quick check of his list. "Okay, just like to know where things currently stand with phones. I personaly don't see much of a change with the new phones, but I haven't used them much. What I have noticed is that i no longer have a wallphone to take all the IC messages i used to get. No real complaint, just curious.

Avatar says "We know about the phone problems. We've been trying to get into contact with Roo to see if he's up to finishing them but havn't heard anything. We're gonna find someone else to finish them up. Get messaging working and the wallphones and stuff."

Penta breathes. "Ok. I SO agree with Fate's thought on legit jobs. They should be a necessity. You cannot officially not have a job and then come in able to pay for a middle-class apt every month. Also, they make great places for contacts, cover, alibis, etc. On runs: There definitely needs to be more milk runs. I'm down to 95 nuyen and have 6 days to pay rent, so I need some work, yes.:-) On +info: IMHO, it should be required if you're on +whoswho. Required as in losing rep and maybe karma if you don't have +info set up. Finally...WATER! Seattle is on the friggin' Pacific. We ever gonna see boatstuff become useful?"

Melkir says "Tina would be delighted to hear you say so Penta (About the water ;-)) I'll add it to my list ;-)"

Penta says "Melk, uh...I have, like, near-Asperger's. Was that sarcasm?:-)"

Penta assumes not....If there's no other response to me...

Melkir says "no, it's not :-)"

Penta says "On the other stuff, re legit jobs and +info....I'll pass mic.:-)"

Molly says "As the topic of the +whoswho came up, I wouldn't mind a way to get on it besides going on a run. The only way I'll end up on a 'run' is by accident, but I would think that having the rumor/info skills coming out of your ears would let you know who to talk to to get something done."

Molly says "S'about it."

Marcus says "First off I'd like to say that I enjoy playing here and especially interacting with everyone I've met so far. In my little over 3 months here I've had a lot of fun. (Till my attempt into programming that is. ;) What I'd like to see happen for myself is a rewrite on the existing decker rules and regs to get them updated to include other options. I've put requests into the queue that were almost identical handled multiple ways depending on which judge picks up the request. I'd especially like to see a list of things I'm NOT allowed to do rather than taking the time to setup things and then be told players aren't allowed to do that. I'd especially like to see options to sitting in my room programming. (I'd like to think people would prefer me out there Rping than having to stay locked to a location programming.;) And yes I'm aware that no ones twisting my arm to stay there programming but it doesn't get done if I don't either. I'd also like to hear updates on the matrix upgrade Dr. Evil is working on periodically.

MadMan hides behind Melkir and makes faces at Marcus.

Melkir chuckles.

<<ADMIN>> Rae says, "Programming gets done perfectly fine while you're offline."

Melkir says "We're both gifted and tied in relationship to the matrix. We're in somewhat twisted situation in that the matrix doesn't necesarily need highly knowledge able admins to run (like me) and so we're prone to inconsistant results. Dr. Evil is currently on sabatical and we hope he'll return soon. but the Matrix.. uh.. Matrix is vastly different than this one, and we hope we'll be able to provide a larger and more consistant expereince."

Melkir says "Also, our matrix is vastly unflexable, and given the chance to roll it all manually, or basta5rdize some kind of system together, we usually pick something halfway, and it's something we'll work on making better."

Turin says "Speaking of matrix upgrades, I wouldn't mind seeing some sort of warning of ShadowLand moveing. Bit frustrateing to suddenly find it's not there, then end up spending a day or two waiting to get the right roll to find it again. Secondly, updateing +info can be a pain. I understand how some stuff needs to be perminate-like because it's set there by a staff member. But if you make a typo, it's a pain to get fixed. But maybe it's already happened, and it's just the help file that needs updated."

Melkir adds the +info stuff to his list. "The Shadowland moving is IC, and you not being able to find it, should lead you to a decker :-)"

MadMan has a sudden headache :)

Melkir signs Madman up for more stuff.

MadMan auugh.

Absinthe says "Thank you Melkir,
() Melkir says "Don't apologize Fate ;-) you can't ask to much, it's that we can only do so much :-)"
Everyone knows that staff is required to perform X Y and Z as a minimum, however, everyone also knows that there are people who don't meet these requirements, and yet these few people are still on staff/or receive a karma reward for doing nothing. So let's stop this.
Why do people come to staff? I've logs of people admitting joining staff to dodge ICA=ICC. Why is this allowed? Why are these few people allowed to make various house rules that then favor their PC, until such a time as they return, further inabling them to continue dodging ICA=ICC
Staff communication, I personally feel that if a staffer asks for @mail, email, logs, etc.. that they are thereby obligated to send somekind of reply. At the very least, let the person know that the requested item was received and then act upon it. I cannot think of how many times I've sent logs to people from the RPD on down, only to have to then start over and find someone else to take them.
Finally staff under no circumstances should lie to the players. I have been lied to, why? Why can't a person simply tell the truth. Let's not have any more of this candy coated glib that people use just to make themselves feel better.
And politics, if staffers are here for the good of the game, why is it that a few people have the ability to shove their views of IC history, thier views of genre, thier views of how things should be down everyone else's throats? Why can't a few people here just play the game as printed in the rules?"

Melkir says "There are several long conversations wrapped within each of those conversations, no doubt"

Melkir says "So, lets go down the list quickly. 1) Staff who do not meet commitments are usually talked to, and in the end, most are relieved. I can only speak to RP on this one, there are some circumstances which does not lead to this happening however. Most of these are due to seasonal obligations and emergencies, or burn out. All of these things happen, to everyone. It's going to be our job in the future to publish when these happen so we can make sure that you're not waiting on an absent of ineffective admin. People do have periods of 'lazyness' infact, I'm in one now. And these are harder to address. I don't believe that currently staff feels there is a significant amount of this event occuring."

Melkir says "2) I'm glad you've got logs, and I'm sure you can name specific admins, and that's great. Hopefull staff as a team can evaluate these rules and make sure that they benfit everyone. It doesn't always work that way however, simplly because we can't pay attention to ever potentional situation. If you'd like to address specifics, please let us know. We depend on everyone in our community to contribute and call foul when they see it."

Melkir says "3) Is related to 1 in the most critical of ways, I'll be working on a solution to address the issue of lost or not rewarded PrPs/Logs. Logs are a admin by admin duty currently, as we've got no written policy for accepting and awarding logs for karma."

Melkir says "the solution will probably come into form as a global email address that all admins can handle and that we can pull and reward logs from."

Melkir says "4) Indeed, no staffer should lie to a player, no person should lie to another person. But, being as we're all people and we've all got 'agendas' of our own, lies happen. Sometimes to cover up, some times to hurt, sometimes to help. That's a part of human nature. We've increaseing our logging of admin activities to help cut down on some of the more critical and hurtful 'lies' to the game."

Melkir says "5) People always will have the ability to 'shove' their ideas down, especially if they are more persistant, direct, or persuasive. We don't have the advantage of folloing game rules under every circumstances due to our breath of characters and actions we provide. We're trying to move towards a consistant and repeatable set of rules for the situations we commonly handle (hense the Gear Guidelines currently posted today for review) that gets use closer to a single image and away from 'Admin disgression'"

Melkir says "Kynan is helping out a player, and will be back soon, btw."

Penta says "OK....I totally forgot what I was going to say.:-)"

Melkir says "Geez, I was boring :-)"

Turin laughs. "Well, I haven't. Way back when this started up, someone mentioned the recent rash of plots going around. I've been in on a goodly number of these, and had fun with them. Weird and strage something dropping in on people is great fun. -=In moderation=- When the latest plot starts with `Oh gee, yet another un-natural something comming to kill me and all my friends. *yawn* Yo barkeep, another round over here.` It's gone too far. I'm not saying stop, as it hasn't gone that far yet, I suppose just pointing out that it seems all the plots come down at the same time, and then there's a long stretch while dead nothing happens, then another flood. Seems there would be some way to get it all spread out evenly. just my two cents.

Fate says "One additional request. A command just to see the number of +judges online. Not something that will directly +judge but will just give you a X number of judges online""

Melkir nods, "We've recently focused on motivating plots, and have realized that consistancy is better than a flood :-)

Melkir nods at Fate, "Kay, that shouldn't be that hard."

Melkir erps.

Xu Shu was sure he had something to say... but... he forgot... erm...

Xu Shu says "oh yeah. Those plots floating around. They have lots of karma and all... but no money... no wonder it's hard to earn stuff and so forth... sorry... I'm kinda harping on the money thing 'cause that's the /biggest/ thing that gives mage chars (theoretically) an advantage... all except for me who is too broke to take advantage of it... but anyway. enough about me and money. Anyone else want o talk? I'm not going to pass on the mike till there's someone else in the lnie..."

Melkir smiles.

Melkir says "Okay.. this is what I got so far, as a BIG overview...
Grid is fine
Ansi is good
Milkruns are good
Money is good, even when small."

Melkir says "To mention some more changes up stairs when what we've been doing, we've changed the way we track plots, and the way we communicate plots to each other as well. We've been sharing plots as well as helping each other, we hope it brings everyones awareness of things up, as well as publishing the 'gmnotes' that we all place after things have happened. It's helped keep everyone aware of what is going on"

Xu Shu notes that there's noone around and starts to sing "Ahem... I dedicate this to the people who complain that I don't tell them anything.... 'If you don't know me by now.... you will never ever ever know me ... mmmmmmmmm'"

Melkir says "Which should help with keeping things, like IC=ICA stuff, in tact from admin to admin."

Xu Shu notes that ANSI blinds him, but that's just him.

Melkir says "So, I've got a question for ya'll, What kind of runs interest you most?"

Melkir says "Guns? Magic? Odd Things? You want Cash?Gear? Contacts?"

Melkir says "I might have reached the attention span ;-) I know mine isn't as sharp as it was at the beginning. I can post this as a vote question if ya'll want to break?"

Turin says "Personally, I'd like to see some plain vinalla runs. go into a warehouse, do something, get out. No weird complications or twists. Not strictly mind, but need to have the normal stuff to keep the abnormal form being commonplace. Or something."

Melkir nods.

Penta says "Much agreement with Turin on that. Normal can be good, especially as it keeps the abnormal abnormal.:-) Re what I want from runs: Whatever. I could care less.:-)"

Roscoe says "I really like what everyone has been saying, at least we all have opinions and views, but I just thought of something to add a (little) bit more dimension to the grid as a whole. How about special events on holidays such as parades or Santa showing up in different places. I think that a parade would be a great way to take care of a politician who chooses to ride in a convertable while seeing Santa in stores and bars would add to RP dimensions (Santa'd have to be an NPC that people could just @emit as). I mean imagine some hot female ganger flirting with Santa to get the attention of every guy in the room while her ganger buddies gave themselves a five finger discount and ran away?"

Melkir grins and nods, "This is what I said earlier about raising the 'background noise' for instance, it's the 100th year of the (original) building of the space needle, something will be done with that, and hopefully we'll try to do some other type of interactive seasonal events, it becomes difficult sometimes as people are actually AT those events in RL, and unable to re-produce or run them when they're supposed to occur :-) Good idea though.

Melkir says "If I don't see you in the queue please page me ;-)"

Fate dances, first.

Fate says "Quick thing, I would like to see global plots. Like maybe a terrorist group from South Africa holds a charity ball for that area hostigae trapping a lot of mixed people... then maybe have some of the players do runs.. or even have players as hostages... have a lot of admins to run it..etc"
"I like to see Global plots, that has the possiblity to envolve a lot.""

Melkir says "Okay then..this was great! The vote on the meetings said once a month, so we'll be announcing next ones soon. and hopfully we have some status on the things that were talked about here and hopefully by then you'll see some of them. Thank you for attending!"
Melkir says "I'm going to drop the speechlock, feel free to say wahtever, and if you want to talk to any of the staff just giveus a page."

**END OF LOG**
