Inside the Head of Cracker
An Interview With Jim Sadwith, Cracker's US Executive Producer
January 19, 1998
By: CopTV Guide

Talking with Jim Sadwith in the Chatsworth production offices for his ABC
series Cracker, one gets the feeling that he is a man who really loves what he
does. Not only is he the creator and executive producer of the US-version of
the crime drama, but also an Emmy-winning director and writer with a
16-year career in television and film. Not bad for someone whose big break
was writing and directing an episode of the syndicated horror show Tales
From the Darkside. 

His corner office is large and comfortable, with a leather couch for relaxing,
and a long dry-erase board for tracking story ideas. But one glance at the
board also shows that he doesn't always have work on his mind, since he still
hasn't erased what his young daughter wrote during her last visit to his office
-- "Cracker is awesome!". 

After his work on Tales, Sadwith found his niche in TV-movies, working on
several films that were critical successes, before taking on two high profile
mini-series, Baby M. and Sinatra. Baby M., which he wrote and directed,
was the true story of Mary Beth Whitehead, a surrogate mother involved in
one of the decade's most notorious custody battles. Several projects (and
years) later, Sadwith directed Sinatra, a mini-series based on the life of the
world-famous entertainer. Not only was Sinatra a commercial success, but it
also garnered several Emmy nominations, and a nod for Sadwith's direction. 

However, after Sinatra, Sadwith more or less dropped out of public view,
though he continued working, writing some projects while directing others
(including the unaried pilot for Touched By An Angel). Last year, Sadwith
finally found himself back where he started -- working on a TV series. ABC
picked up his show, Gun, as a mid-season replacement and gave the series a
six-episode run. The anthology series was ambitious in scope, but, unable to
find an audience, Gun was cancelled. 

As often happens in television, Sadwith was already working on a new series
as Gun was finishing production. His new project? An American version of
the UK fave Cracker. If Gun was a hard sell for viewers, Cracker was
going to be even more difficult. Its "hero," Gerry Fitzgerald (Fitz) was, to say
the least, a bit brash -- an unabashed addict of nicotine, gambling and
alcohol, with marital problems to boot. 

The US Fitz, played by Robert Pastorelli (Murphy Brown), was toned down
slightly for American airwaves, and an impressive supporting cast was
brought in to round out the package. ABC thought enough of the pilot to pick
it up the show for the 1997-98 Fall schedule, but Sadwith found Cracker
facing an even bigger challenge: Jerry Seinfeld. 

Cracker was given the unpleasant task of facing Seinfeld on Thursday night
at 9:00, and soon found itself struggling in the ratings, along with most of
ABC's Fall schedule. In addition, the show was unable to beat Diagnosis
Murder on CBS, which suddenly became a hit, ranking in the top 25 of the
Nielsens, leaving Cracker in the 90s. ABC, a network not known for its
patience when dealing with under performing shows, good quality (C-16) or
not (Timecop), showed impressive restraint and picked up Cracker and its
lead-in, Nothing Sacred. However, soon after being given a full order, ABC
announced the shows would move to Saturday night, where they made their
debut on 1/17. 

Even with the low ratings (an average of 5 rating / 8 share through the first ten
episodes), the show has been a critical success, including being named by the
New York Times as the season's best overlooked drama. However, the
move to Saturday night may not be the best news for Sadwith, since his last
series, Gun, didn't have much success on the night. Though Cracker airs an
hour earlier than Gun did, its competition is just as formidable. CBS, which
owns the night, has the lighthearted drama Early Edition, while NBC has
The Pretender, which has been steadily gaining in the ratings. America's
Most Wanted rounds out the hour, and has managed to fight its way back
from cancelation and outrank anything ABC has put in the hour, including the
well-done C-16. 

Still, even with that, Sadwith is able to sit back in his leather chair and smile.
A quick look at the board shows there are still a few tricks he has up his
sleeve waiting for the lucky viewer who tunes in to Cracker on Saturday
nights. And he's doing his bit: Sadwith can be found leaving posts on various
Internet newsgroups, inviting discussion on the show and urging viewers to try
it out. He says response has been minimal, but hopes that viewers wont be so
quiet when it comes to letting ABC know that there are Cracker fans out
there. He urges every fan to write letters to Jaime Tarses (President of ABC
Entertainment) to let her know that people are watching Cracker and want it
to be picked up, knowing that when it comes to network decisions, letters
from viewers do make a difference. 

Regardless of what happens to Cracker after this season, the experience has
been one that Sadwith wont soon forget. He's come full circle and looks
forward to the challenges that lay ahead, and whether it's on the small screen
or big screen, readers can be sure that they'll be seeing his name for many
years to come. Until then, he'll be dreaming up new crimes for Fitz to unravel,
and American audiences will get many more chances to get acquainted with
Cracker. 

Read your Guide's full interview with Jim Sadwith, where he talks about his
career, developing Gun and Cracker, and what the future holds in store for
the show! 

Coptv Guide:  How about a little background about yourself?

Jim Sadwith:  I came out here in '78 . . . Went to USC Graduate school in
cinema . . . I wrote a script and it was optioned by a number of people. It
ended up being optioned by George Romero, and his company did Tales
From The Darkside. They asked me if I would write and direct something.
And I had been wanting to direct. . . So I said yeah. 

CTVGuide:  What were some of the episodes you worked on?

JS:  The first one was the third episode they ever aired, called "The Odds." It
was about a bookie (Danny Aiello) in a bar, who had never been beaten. So
this strange guy comes in (Tom Noonan) and he starts to win, starts to beat
him . . . at everything. He bets 40-1 on a horse race, and Aiello . . . has to go
to the Mafia to pay up all the money he owes the guy.

Finally the guy says I got one more bet: I bet you you'll be dead by 8:00 in
the morning, or else you get all your money back. It was double or nothing.
So 8:00 in the morning, Aiello's not dead. It turns out Noonan is the ghost of
a former gambler . . . who committed suicide because he owed Aiello so
much money that he couldn't support his family . . . and now he's come back
to haunt Aiello. Anyway, the way Aiello beats him is that he sets the clock ten
minutes ahead. He actually dies at 8:10, but by that time, the Tom Noonan
character thought he lost and disappeared. 

CTVGuide:  After you did Tales From the Darkside, did you start doing
TV-movies?

JS:  Well, I had already been writing TV-movies. One was a TV-movie with
George Burns and Robby Benson called Two of a Kind. . . . That got me a
lot of work. I wrote a pilot for a medical series called The Docs of Winter
Harbor. . . 

CTVGuide:  Foreshadowing the big ER / Chicago Hope craze . . .

JS:  I remember trying to pitch that to (an Executive) at CBS -- He said "Ah,
no one's doing medical series…"

CTVGuide:  So you started out wanting to be a director, then you got into
writing and you liked it?

JS:  I didn't like writing when it was all I was able to do. But now I love it
because it's a great respite between projects. . . But I had been writing and
then I finally got my first long form, which was Bluffing It, in 1986. 

CTVGuide:  After Bluffing It, you went into a couple of other TV-movies,
then Sinatra . . .

JS:  Baby M. was first. After they saw the first couple of weeks of Bluffing
It, they asked me to do Baby M. And after Baby M., I did a psychological
thriller. . .

In Hollywood they pigeonhole you: They think you're always a writer, not a
director, or, he's a director, not a writer. In my case, I got pigeonholed that I
was a writer-director, and I couldn't get anybody to hire me just as a
director. The problem with that is that most things that get written don't get
made. So you can go long stints before you can direct, if you're just a
writer/director.

So I had to hold off for a long time. Finally, I got a directing job on a project
called Deadly Intentions Again. It was a sequel to a mini-series called
Deadly Intentions. That was with Harry Hamlin and Joanna Kerns. Then
came what I think is my favorite two-hour, with Brian Dennehy and Chris
Cooper, called In Broad Daylight. And Marsha Gay Harden was in it.

CTVGuide:  That was the one about the small town, with an evil guy
terrorizing everyone . . .

JS:   That was really good. And the cast was incredible.

CTVGuide:  That was your favorite two-hour?

JS:  Yeah.

CTVGuide:  And after that, you did another mini-series . . . You were doing
TV-movies and mini-series at the same time . . .

JS:  Baby M. was a mini-series, and that was my second project. I wrote
part two of another mini-series called Murder Ordained. I've only directed
two miniseries, Baby M. and Sinatra.

CTVGuide:  And you won an Emmy for Sinatra. That must have been a
nice experience.

JS:  That was my overall favorite project. I had twenty million dollars, 56
days, five hours. . . 36-piece orchestras and period costumes, 750 extras . . .

CTVGuide:  Was it a big step for you? Was there a lot of pressure trying to
deliver something good for the network?

JS:  I felt pretty confident. Everybody was uptight at first. Because of the
way the schedule worked out, all our big budget days were shooting at the
front of the schedule. So we were spending a lot of money and they thought
we were way over-budget, and everyone thought we were going to be fired.
But in the long-term we were actually under budget.

CTVGuide:  After Sinatra, you seemed to drop out of the scene a little bit,
although Crossroads came on the air.

JS:  Crossroads was a series that I had actually written in '89 . . . They
didn't pick it up until '92, when Sinatra was going. They got Michael Apted
in there and I didn't get to run the show. They both came on at the same time
in the Fall. 

Then I went away for a while to write some features, I had an HBO project
for a while that didn't go. The next thing I had after that, I directed the unaired
pilot of Touched By An Angel.

CTVGuide:  You must be happy with the show's success . . .

JS:  Absolutely. It gives me hope for this show (Cracker).

CTVGuide:  True. They're both a little bit outside of what the viewing
audience might deem normal…

JS:  But nobody was watching Touched By An Angel when it was first
running.. . .

CTVGuide:  So after that came Gun?

JS:  First I did a whole bunch of rewrites. I rewrote a TV-movie called Who
Will Save the Children?, I wrote another one called Harmful Intent, which
I put a pseudonym on because I didn't like the final product.

CTVGuide:  So you had several things going on, but just not headlining a
project of your own. Going into Gun, you were an exec producer -- was it
Robert Altman's idea, or yours? 

JS:  Actually I (said to producer Rob Dwek), "I want to produce an
anthology series."

He said, "Whatever you do, don't say you want an anthology series. They
hate them."

I said, "How do you know that they're not at this moment thinking: We should
do an anthology."

. . . So we went to the network and they said, "What do you want to do?"
and I said, "I want to do something really, really different."

They said, "What about an anthology series?" . . . Literally, that's the way it
went . . . I said that's exactly what I'd like to do. 

I told them I wanted to do like a Roald Dahl theater… So we talked about it
some and they said what about the title "Straw Hat" -- follow a hat from
family to family. And I said if we're going to follow an object from family to
family, we should follow a gun.

So I wrote and directed the pilot. They liked it, but said, "How are we going
to promote this thing? We need some hook to promote it. We need star
casting." . . . So we decided to go with a big name. The first person we went
to was Robert DeNiro. Twenty-four hours later he said yes. But they wanted
to produce it in New York, and they kind of wanted to take over the show. .
. The next person we went to was Altman, and he said, "Yeah, I'll do that."

CTVGuide:  It didn't seem that ABC gave it much of a chance.

JS:  The late-season, Saturday night. And they promoted at first. They throw
these things out . . . They didn't do this with Cracker -- they always stood by
Cracker -- but I think they should have stuck with Gun.

CTVGuide:  You had already started work on Cracker at that time?

JS:  Preproduction on Cracker while I was in production on Gun. We
started shooting Cracker just as Gun stopped shooting.

CTVGuide:  I guess that's good in one way, since it allowed you to focus on
Cracker. Was it a two-hour pilot?

JS:  Actually no, it was one-hour. I directed the cliffhanger and then part-two
was directed only after we got the pickup and it was directed by somebody
else.

CTVGuide:  As someone who hasn't seen the original Cracker, I thought
the pilot was great. Did you get a lot of flak from viewers of the UK series?

JS:  People who hadn't seen the Brit show said they loved it. People who
had seen the Brit show said they were split. Granada and all those people
loved it, and they produced the British series. Of course, they're partners in
this, but they were thrilled. They could also have been disappointed. But they
were thrilled even before it got picked up.

It's hard -- the British series had two and three hour episodes and they shot
them every four months, so they had plenty of time to work on and hone the
scripts. They had plenty of time to develop characters and secondary
characters and weird tangents. . .

CTVGuide:  It's a whole different system. It's not like they're making a
weekly series, but separate films. 

JS:  Right, so we're held up to that standard. I think it was pretty evenly split.
But of course, the passionate, passionate, Cracker fans were passionately,
passionately offended by what we did. 

They keep saying: "Why would you even do that? Why would you even do it
over?"

Why do Romeo and Juliet over? It was probably great when Shakespeare
did it. Why do it again? Why do you do a play over and over again? Why do
you remake a movie? I think it's because you have different interpretations. I
don't think there's any problem restaging a movie or restaging a play. 

CTVGuide:  And it allows you to see what would happen in different
situations that weren't seen. The "What if?" factor. As long as you're not just
recycling old episodes forever. And for Cracker, the new episodes have
been coming out. You said there's only one more episode based on the
original?

JS:  Right, the episode that's shooting right now, based on Paul Abbot's
"Best Boys" -- That'll air -- two episodes after the two-parter. How many
original episodes of Cracker do we have? . . . Seven out of twelve stories
were originals. 

Cracker is a very different show, and nobody knew how to write it, including
myself. So we adapted them until we could learn -- once you've gone through
it enough, you learn the structuring of the episodes and how Fitz thinks and
talks and how he breaks down people. 

You kind of learn what works and what doesn't -- stretch your legs. That
was my intention. That was my plan, and it's worked pretty well . . .

Every time we have an episode I think it's the best -- except for one. There's
one I didn't think was the best, and people called me and they thought it was
the best -- I still don't think it was the best. I call it Cracker-Lite. Did you see
the one with the radio talk show host? 

CTVGuide:  Yeah. "Talk to Me."

JS:  I thought that was kind of Cracker-Lite. Crime-wise it was lite. But the
family story was really good.

CTVGuide:  I thought the family story was great -- the dinner scene. 

JS:  Tomorrow's episode ("An American Dream" - 12/11) is almost 90%
ours. The entire A-story and all the B-story, except for Fitz's heart attack,
except for those two or three scenes, all the b-story is ours. I think it might be
our strongest episode. 

CTVGuide:  Do you sit down and watch all your episodes?

JS:  Usually I'm here editing or something, but if I'm home, I watch it.

CTVGuide:  You're not one of those types that always thinks it can be done
better? Once you finish an episode, you're able to separate from it and say
let's go on . . .

JS:  I watch it and see whether the network squashed the sound or changed
the color and all that stuff. 

I remember on Baby M. -- you work so hard to get the color just right… I'm
watching this thing, and it's too bright. They always pump up the brightness
and they always squash down the sound, but it was really too bright. I called
my executive producer (Ilene Berg) and told her, "It's too bright! I've got to
get them on the phone!" And then I got some transmitting guy and said, "It's
too bright! It's too bright!" And he says, "It looks fine here." We had this huge
argument.

The next day, my wife's watching something on TV, some other show, and I
said "That's too bright, too." I checked, and the brightness level on my TV
was way up. (Laughs) I never stop worrying about the product.

CTVGuide:  How do you feel about ABC moving Cracker to Saturday
night?

JS:  We'll see. I died on Saturday night with Gun, so I'm really skeptical.
Gun was against Walker and Profiler. We're on against supposedly weaker
shows.

CTVGuide:  You have thirteen episodes left to air. Do you think ABC's
going to give you a chance if it's borderline?

JS:  If we come up a couple of points, yes. They love the show.

CTVGuide:  You feel like you're getting support from the network?

JS:  We're not getting promotional support . . . But they give us moral
support. There's that quote from Jaime Tarses, right there, 9/26/97 at 10:00
am. It was after our second show and we were abysmal in the ratings. She
called me to say: "We're in this for the long run. We're completely committed
to you." 

I wrote that up there, expecting to be cancelled the following week. I thought
it was the kiss of death. . .

CTVGuide:  There was a period there that your future was uncertain. First
Timecop went, then Total Security and C-16 . . .

JS:  They kept telling us we were okay. The line that they kept giving us, is
the line they ultimately went with.

CTVGuide:  Looking at Cracker, since it is a different show, have you been
working with established writers, or is it a show that new people can work
better with?

JS:  Haven't found that out yet. There's only been one person who has
written an original Cracker. Natalie (Chaidez), from scratch, has written two
original Crackers, "Hell Hath No Fury," and this two-parter . . . I have not
written an original Cracker from scratch. 

CTVGuide:  What are you looking for when you put together an episode in
terms of what the viewer gets out of it?

JS:  I want a journey. A journey that delves into areas, that I talk about, are
gut areas . . . Stories that resonate down here as well as up here (points to
head). 

"Talk to Me" was this area (points to head) . . . Whereas "Madwoman" was
about race, religion, sexuality and all this stuff.… I look for stories that -- you
almost feel like you've been on a journey. Like "Hell Hath No Fury," the
hermaphrodite. . . That just reverberated way back to the most primal areas
-- Sexual identity -- What is a woman? What is a mother?

When were done with that, I was like "Whew!" That's what I felt. Really, I
was taken someplace I hadn't been before. Those for me are ideal Cracker
episodes.

CTVGuide:  Fitz, in general, is an interesting character because he's not too
likable. Have you tried to make any changes to Fitz's character to make it
work better here?

JS:  It's interesting . . . Pastorelli is more accessible, he has more heart. He's
Mediterranean, he's Italian -- and that comes through. Coltraine is more
cerebral. He's colder, you know, ice-water in his veins. But Pastorelli,
because of the emotion -- he plays scenes where Coltraine would have just
rattled his speeches off and his insults off and they would just like -- verbiage
-- and he would stand outside and observe himself doing this -- Pastorelli
says these things with an edge. So in that aspect he's not unlike him. Because
there's a lot more "f**k you" than Coltraine, who almost did it with a twinkle. 

It's a real juggling act. The only thing that I would say that I know that we've
done is that we’ve given him more tender moments with family . . .
Sometimes we go there and I look at him and say, "Am I getting too sappy?"
And yet, I think the American audience needs that: Not sap, they need
humanity.

CTVGuide:  Right. Because it's tough to make a character that nobody
wants to watch and try and build a series around him.

JS:  They need to want to watch. They reason you want to watch Coltraine
is because you see these glimpses of humanity, and you see also that there's
this train wreck -- and everyone will watch a train wreck or a car wreck to
see what happens: You don't turn away. That's what we're trying to do.

CTVGuide:  There might be things you don't want to mention, but is he
going to have the same gambling problems, and the same marital problems, or
are there going to be other issues that pop up?

JS:  We'll see. He certainly continues to deal with those. He's not a
recovering alcoholic and not a recovering gambler.

CTVGuide:  It's still full-blown.

JS:  We are going to have one episode where he gambles away Michael's
college fund. And Michael happens to have a session with his counselor, who
happens to be a very avid member of MADD (Mothers Against Drunk
Driving). So she organizes an intervention for Fitz . . . It's going to be pretty
wild.

CTVGuide:  Were there any other actors considered for the Fitz role?

JS:  We wanted John Goodman first. 

CTVGuide:  Because he looks like Coltraine . . .

JS:  Yeah. The thing about Coltraine is just his body size has character . . .
Watching him walk up a flight of step is a character moment. Watching him lie
down on the bed next to his wife is a character moment because he's so big.
So first we tried to go after that. And after we couldn't, Pastorelli was next --
excellent choice, though.

CTVGuide:  I think he's turned out great. He has a lot of talent. Looking at
his comedic side, and then his dramatic side, I'm amazed he can do both so
well. . . Are we going to be seeing him more of him in the classroom and on
the radio?

JS:  Definitely more on the radio. I have another two-parter coming up in
February, first draft written by Paul Abbot, who produced the second and
third year of Cracker in the UK.

CTVGuide:  It'll be an original episode?

JS:  Yeah.

CTVGuide:  Well, finishing up, what do you see happening for you in the
future? Do you plan to do feature work?

JS:  I have a whole stack full of scripts over there that feature people have
really responded to. . . I've been working straight for two years because of
Gun and then this. I'd like to focus on writing for six months or so, not
directing. But, you know, what comes along, comes along.