Houses...

House 1 is the zone-in house. In fact, you will zone in almost exactly where the 1 is drawn on the map. 
There are no spawns in this room, but the zone-patrol will walk right by the E wall (just outside the house). 
Unless you are in the pull group or told otherwise, STAY AWAY FROM THE DOOR. The pull team cannot 
get into and out of the room if everyone is crowded in the doorway. And a fight there could aggro the other mobs 
the puller has. Also, stay away from the N wall for a little while, as it could aggro some of the surrounding areas or
 the mobs pulled to pull spot. The entrance is on the NW wall facing N (just under the rectangle on the map on the 
left side of the room... that rectangle is only a hall).

House 2 has three spawns upstairs. One is always a box. The other two can be abhorrents or ires. These do not 
aggro easily since all have short aggro ranges, so pulling past them is usually okay. The usually do not aggro on 
break-in, either. The only way the fights or pulls can aggro them is one of the mobs with a large aggro range, 
then it will trigger them as well. It is best to pull this room early. The entrance is on the N side.

House 3 will always be pulled with the zone-patrol aggro. The mobs from zone-patrol will aggro them, so at 
break-in, there will be no less than one from zone-patrol and the two from this house. The two in this house are 
usually an abhorrent and an ire. Entrance is on the W side.

House 4 has a box upstairs. Do not pull this house until at least the first half of house C is clear as it will aggro 
through the wall. Entrance is on the NE side facing E (inside the L).

House 5 has an abhorrent downstairs and an ire or abhorrent upstairs. Upstairs will not aggro from a downstairs pull, 
but it will if you pull from beyond house 5. If you do not pull upstairs here, it will autopull when you pull past it anyway. 
Entrance is on the SW side facing W (looking at the door to house 4).

House 6 has a box and ire upstairs. These will not aggro from pulls around them at all and are usually the only 
mobs left in the zone after a full clearing. They can be pulled or just left. Pulls from here could aggro the 
neighboring rev houses, so it is best to leave for a while. Entrance is on the W side.

House 7 has a spawn right by the door and two more in the back of the house on the SE side. All three spots 
can be abhorrents or ires. Careful here as the S roamers like to stop just outside the door to this house, and the 
N roamers could stop just to the N of it. Entrance is on the far SW side closest to house C facing SW.

House 8 is not a house, but a fountain or well. It is only a landmark.

House 9 is the ramp up to Innoruuk's chamber. I will cover level 2 later. Ramp starts on E side.

House A has a box and monk downstairs, and 2 abhorrents upstairs. The monk will come as soon as you make a 
pull from anywhere near it, including the chamber. The abhorrents are safe until you start pulling larger mobs past it.
The box may aggro on pulls, but has so short an aggro range it will usually stay there. The entrance is on the SW side 
facing W. You can see the box in the entrance.

House B has an abhorrent and monk upstairs and the same downstairs. The downstairs monk will always aggro from 
any pull nearby, especially the house C pulls. The upstairs and the abhorrent downstairs are usually left for later 
(especially since there have been so many abhorrents so far). Entrance is on the W side.

House C is generally called the Chamber or the Cleric House. This is the first goal to be cleared (to prevent wall aggros). 
The entry is noted on the map (right beside house A). guarding the entrance just inside are two clerics. In the northern 
hallway (from the entrance to the NE corner), there is a single roamer, but he can be anything on the spawn table. 
Usually, it is a spite, rev (male or female), lich, monk, or ire, but I have even seen a drake there. Just be careful and 
look before charging into the room. Mostly, though, it is a spite or rev. In the far SE corner of the house is a throne, 
and there is a cleric on either side of it. The central hall of house C (between houses B and V) has 2 spawns, and 
both are roamers. One spawns on the far west end of the hall and roams to the east end. The other spawns on the 
far east end of the central hall and will roam all the way to the far east wall of the house (close to house 2). These 
two can also be any mob on the spawn table, but I mostly see rev, spite, ire, or lich on the east one, and rev, lich, 
ire, spite, or drake on the west one. Be careful as the drakes have a huge aggro range. A drake pull here could 
aggro a drake upstairs, and that would be very bad. No real way to avoid it, but be careful. The west side of the 
central hall has 2 clerics guarding the passage (just inside the west side). There are also 2 roamers in the west end 
of the house just below the stairs, and the roam from the stairs to the central hall and back. They can be anything 
on the table, but I mostly see lich, drake, or spite. Usually, if one roamer is in the corner near the stairs, you can 
safely pull the other (once the 2 clerics are gone, that is). In the far SW corner of the house, there is another roamer 
that stays in that corner. I usually see lich or rat there, but have seen others also. It is usually safe to pull from the 
west end and not get this guy, but he does need to be killed. There is also a back entrance to the Chamber, noted 
on the map on the W wall just above the SW corner. This is the door to pull through when you camp SW corner.

House C upstairs has the same floor plan as downstairs. All spots upstairs can be anything on the table. There are 
two roamers at the top of the stairs (NW corner), one in SW corner, two in the central hall, and four in the East 
hall. NW stays in NW corner, SW in SW, and the central hall stay there. The ones in the east end will roam from just above the entrance downstairs (near house A) all the way to the SE corner. NW is usually revs, SW a lich, central a monk or ire, and east is usually drake, spite, lich, and rat. But again, anything can be in any spot. It could be all drakes. Of course, that would be very unlucky for most, nice for any sks, but still. ;) In most cases, the upstairs will not aggro from downstairs. However, if there is a drake upstairs and down, they could overlap ranges and cause a chain aggro. Usually, however, upstairs Chamber is left for later pulls.

House D is the Chapel. There are also a lot of mobs in here, and almost all of them are roamers. Once the 
Chamber is clear, you should work on the Chapel so you can move camp. The SW corner of the Chapel is 
generally called the Throne, and it is the next camp site (after Maestro is killed). This is because it avoids most of 
the S patrol route, and there is a much much better pathing from the rev houses (NE corner) to the Chapel than to
 the zone-in room. That path does cross the N roamer route, but there are less roamers on the N route than S. Chapel 
entry is guarded by two clerics. there are also two clerics in the far SW corner beside the throne. The only other static 
spawns in the Chapel are Maestro and his guards.

The Chapel roamers all have specific roam and pull paths. There is one in the SW (usually monk) corner that stays in 
that area, one in the corner on the S wall closest to the entry (usually rev), one in the NE corner (usually scorn), and 
one in the corner of the stairs (NE of the entry) (usually rev). There is another one just S of Maestro (just N of house P) 
that roams from that corner up to Maestro and back (usually abhorrent). Pull him when on the S end of his route. 
And in addition to these area roamers, there are about six or eight house roamers that will roam from near the 
throne area up to near Maestro over to near the stairs. All roamers can be monk, abhorrent, both revs, ire, lich, rat, 
scorn, or spite. There are specific paths for each, but that is too much to put in this already long tutorial.

The Chapel also has an upstairs, like the Chamber, but it is not a full floor plan. There is a balcony overlooking the 
organ, so the 2nd floor is cut off from the top of the stairs angled a little S over to above the corner N of house P. 
At the top of the stairs, there is one roamer, usually a rev or scorn. In the SW corner is one, usually cleric or spite. 
There is also one in the SE corner, usually rev or lich. All three of these can be anything but drakes.

Maestro floats just in front of his organ in the far NW corner of the house. He will have 4 personal guards, 2 on 
each side of him. In most cases, he will be facing NW, but will turn to face his guards when they buff him. It is safe 
to scout up behind him, but if facing you, he will aggro. His guards are always spites or clerics, and can be any mix 
from all of one, to a mix, or to all of the other. The entire Chapel, upstairs and down, plus some of the surrounding 
houses must be pulled before he is or he will aggro everything in his path. The best method for pulling him I've seen 
is for the scout to sit on the far east wall looking out between houses 5 and 6. Make sure you are up the wall a little. 
The puller hits Maestro and runs to the area in front of that alley and fds. Do not go in the alley or Maestro will be 
too close to the scout and kill her. The assister would come out to the corner by the totem and wait. When the 
scouts sees only Maestro above the puller, she will give the word and the assister will shoot Maestro and pull him 
into the zone room. For this to work takes timing, and the roamers must be clear. The puller must stay down as the 
guards will probably still be aggroed on him, but they should be back home. If they make it home, and the scout will 
go there to make sure, then the puller can get up. If they do not come then, the puller is safe to join the fun pounding 
on Maestro and the scout can go poke some, too. There are a number of tactics to actually kill him once pulled. 
This is only info on how to pull him. After he is dead, you can safely pull his guards as will any pull to split.

Once this is done, the raid usually moves camp to the Throne area of the Chapel as noted before. The scout will 
scout the path, and the puller or someone else will lead everyone there. If attacked along the way, do NOT stop 
and fight. Keep running and take the mob to the Throne. If you fight in the hall, more roamers could spawn on 
you or you could aggro something not yet pulled. Once camp is reset, the puller and scout can get back to work 
and pull everything else in the zone.

House E has a male rev just inside the door and another all the way through near the bottom of the stairs. 
There is a female rev at the top of the stairs on the second floor. Entrance is on the N wall just above the E on 
the map. 

House F has a rev outside just to the east of the entry and 2 more inside at the bottom of the stairs. These are 
usually males, but could be either. Entrance is on the N wall.

House G has three revs in the far S corner, and they are usually female. Entrance is on the far N wall.

House H has one male rev downstairs. Entrance is on the SW corner facing west.

House I has a box in the NE corner and a rev in the nw corner. There is also a rev upstairs. These can be either 
rev. Entrance is in the central N wall facing N (middle of the U).

House J has one rev downstairs and two more upstairs, and they can be male or female. Entrance is on the W side.

House K has one male rev in the SW corner downstairs and another upstairs. Entrance is on the NW corner 
facing west.

House L has a female rev downstairs and two more upstairs. Entrance is on the NE corner facing east (looking
into house K).

House M has box in the far NW corner. Entrance is on SW corner facing west.

House N has two revs in the back (far southern tip of the house). Entrance is on NW wall.

House O has a scorn or monk. Entrance is on W wall.

House P has a monk and scorn downstairs, and a scorn or monk with a box upstairs. This house is usually 
cleared before completing the Chapel. Entrance is on E wall.

House Q has two monks or scorns downstairs and two upstairs. Entrance is on W wall.

House R has a monk or scorn downstairs and another upstairs. Entrance is on far SE wall.

House S has a box in the NW corner and a scorn or monk in NE corner. There is nothing upstairs. But there 
are the corner spawns outside (monk and 2 clerics in SW zone corner). Entrance is in the center of the U.

House T has nothing that I have ever seen.

House U has a monk or scorn. Entrance is on NE wall facing east.

House V has a monk or scorn upstairs. Entrance is on NW wall facing west.

For the revs, monks, and scorns, I have been as accurate as possible. So don't count the mobs here and then 
what you find and say I am wrong. It is nearly impossible for a rogue to get accurate scorn counts since they see 
us. And the revs are done so seldom that I forget on them. But I think this is almost perfect.


