Message-ID: <247q4.25494$Nv1.2528916@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com>
Subject: Re: Latest on legislation directly afffecting you as a software consumer
Date: Tue, 15 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Falsadoom" <falsadoom@home.com>
References: <u4Gp4.23768$Nv1.2357524@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com> <QX0q4.5884$Zp1.176707@newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 586016572
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6600
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc2.tx.home.com 950599038 24.11.185.216 (Mon, 14 Feb 2000 23:17:18 PST)
Organization: @Home Network
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 14 Feb 2000 23:17:18 PST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:5307 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:50605 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic:95665

> This seems to be much more about enforcing EULAs and how you don't know
what
> the terms of one is until you've actually broken the seal. But even the
> attorney for Microsoft is quoted as saying "There is clear language in
this
> law that says if the consumer buys some software, sees the agreement and
> doesn't like the deal, they can get their money back,"

That is like saying, "Hey we are not the bad guys, the guys that won't let
people return software are.". While those same companys make deals to
continue selling software with a no refund policy for both to get richer.
None the less, I shouldn't have to waive my right to an opinion and vocally
express it when I buy something. Waive any rights to sueing someone who
damages me or my business becuase of thier profiting by me purchasing
something they sell. Waive any rights to anything other products already are
produced and sold under. There is nothing unique about software when
compared to products that are produced and sold. Every market has parameters
of it's business, those who chose to make a profession within those
parameters know what they are getting into or it's thier own problem. Trying
to change the rules after they are in it is basicly a method of control, and
dominance. Especially when it goes against what many other industries have
tried and been struck down at. The sad thing is the way our law system is
set up, they can continue to keep trying till eventually we get the mess we
have today on a local and state level in some industries. It's bad that
Microsoft will be broken up becuase of the continual standardization they
somewhat achieved (albiet through what I consider illegal and heavy handed
methods imho) but it's a damn good thing they are becuase they are simply
starting to exert control and dominance in a whole different way that
supercedes it's own marketplace, areas reserved for the people and
governements.

> The only negative I see is that publishers can change the EULA however and
> whenever they want even by email without any verification that the user
> received the update. So what they want is the means of making those
> spur-of-the-moment changes in the EULA somehow legal and binding.  Sounds
> like all that spam which begins with "Here is the information you asked
> for..."

And it's a very large negative. Imagine buying a house from someone who can
get your signature then have full authority to alter the contract after you
sign. It goes against anything contract law has tried to uphold for the most
part!

> Some paranoid schizo even worries that the software publisher will "reach
> in" to his computer and shutdown his application. Duh, yank the Cat 5
cable
> out of the rear of the PC or get a Firewall, nimrod. Better yet, buy
another
> application or write your own. Vote with your pocketbook, fool.

Nah, they just delete what you bought after 50 uses if you refused to
register (Office 2000 according to ZDTV does this in it's present state).

> Anyway, if you read the article closely, you'll see that it really has
> little to do with this thinly veiled troll
>
> A. X. H.

Actually I think we have to wonder who is the troll and who is the troll in
a non troll disguise. You apparently have little understanding of what this
industry has been trying to get into law for some time. Why would they write
up these extremely confining and rights waiving EULA's (which have little
merit now) without pushing for more stable basis in law? Thier EULAs are in
fact a damning piece of evidence of what box they would love to put the
purchaser of thier product into. They think they have the purchaser of thier
product in there now. It's pure evil. Read a modern EULA and tell me that by
the companys own words, they woudln't like to see us all have no rights, no
claims, no freedom of speech, and no choice other than what THEY deem fit.
You can't and you know it.

Falsa






