Message-ID: <MPG.12fd78d013ade4b1989acb@news.dimensional.com>
Subject: Re: Someone please catch me up on this --- >
Date: Sat, 29 Jan 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: W A Collier <wacollier@sppoboxam.com>
References: <Hhvk4.3$hP.281@cletus.bright.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 579300609
X-Trace: wormhole.dimensional.com 949184661 206.124.11.28 (Sat, 29 Jan 2000 15:24:21 MDT)
Organization: For Email remove the 'sp' at the beginning & 'am' at the end of pobox
Reply-To: nobody@noetme.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 29 Jan 2000 15:24:21 MDT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:4465 rec.games.computer.everquest:1112

In article <Hhvk4.3$hP.281@cletus.bright.net>, rando@fng.net says...
> Sorry I have been smoking crack and trying to get into the login server, I
> must have missed something.
> 
> What is Show EQ ?

Its a cheating program that runs on on Linux, that allows you to parse 
and display (passively - you cant change anything) most of the data the 
is sent to your Everquest client.  Basically, think about a SuperRanger 
that can show you everything in the zone, its HP and XP and Level.  
Sounds like a lot at first, but if you think it out, and put it into 
contexts, you will see that its really not that big of a deal, and hardly 
worth the effort of setting up a Linux box, networking your game machine 
to that box, getting, compiling and installing the program, and then 
cheating yourself out of the fun parts of the game - and on top of that, 
if your behavior indicates that you are using this cheat program, you 
risk getting suspended or banned.

So, its basically a few people (Hi there Nan Wang) that have lost common 
sense, who refuse to listen to reason and get hysterical about things 
that are making a big deal out of this program.  For example, Nan has 
been comparing ShowEQ cheaters to murderers, making unsupportable and 
completely false claims how ShowEQ is "ruining" the game, and how 
stopping cheaters should be Verant's top priority over fixing bugs and 
playability issues. He and the others apparently think that if they say 
their demonstrably wrong points (once demonstrated wrong, they can be 
said to be deliberate lies) over and over again they will magically 
become correct or at least stampede Verant into massively unproductive 
work on items which deserve little attention.  This is to the detriment 
of the player community at large - and Nan Wang the liar cant even see 
that either.  SO discount a lot of what you have heard, read up on the 
program (it is NOT like UOextreme or the other UO and Diablo hacks - 
another Nan Wang lie), and make a reasonable informed decision about it.  

I recommend not using it, and ignoring it - you will find that it has no 
impact on your gaming in EQ.


> And whats this talk about new code in EQ to combat Show EQ ?

Rumors (apparently just that according to Verant), that they have tried 
to rewrite their network code in order to stop ShowEQ.  A pretty futile 
effort, given the nature of the opponents.


