Message-ID: <37152a9b.941265@news.earthlink.net>
Subject: Re: The Frustration factor: Enchanters? (EQ)
Date: Thu, 15 Apr 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: croesus@earthlink.net (Silverlock)
References: <3711ce78.138069@news.earthlink.net> <37142b22.13684836@news.jps.net> <3712ee03.17535711@news.earthlink.net> <7f30kv$3tv$1@camel21.mindspring.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.ultima.online.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 466523730
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Posted-Path-Was: not-for-mail
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-ELN-Date: 15 Apr 1999 00:44:58 GMT
X-ELN-Insert-Date: Wed Apr 14 17:45:07 1999
Organization: EarthLink Network, Inc.
Mime-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.ultima.online
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:1340 rec.games.computer.ultima.online:82568

On Wed, 14 Apr 1999 17:15:50 -0400, "Wayne Sheppard"
<MrWayne@mindspring.com> wrote:

>
>Silverlock wrote in message <3712ee03.17535711@news.earthlink.net>...
>>
>>Well personally I would prefer they fixed Enchanters so they aren't
>>practically required to sit around and take it slow rather then saying
>>this class is for people who don't want to keep up with their friends.
>>Every class should be equally viable or else they are not balanced
>>correctly.
>
>
>I'm not making any flames in this post.  I'm trying to explain as carefully
>as I can the why the the game works as it does.
>
>/CON---------------
>The /con system will never be as useful as you want it to.  Basically /con
>compares your level vs the level of the monster and reports back.  It will
>never evaluate your actual class and equipment and compare it to the
>monster.  It cannot simulate 500 battles and give you a percentage.
>
>There are so many different things that could affect the battle.  Your stats
>and equipment play an important part.  The spells you have memorized and the
>buffs you have active affect the outcome.  Any equipment the monster has
>affects the outcome.  A decaying skeleton with a rusty scimitar hits a lot

>harder than one without a weapon.  Some classes and races will just do
>better in combat than others.  Some monsters have special attacks like Stun,

IMHO that's wrong since primarily the game revolves around combat.
Sure some should be more dependant on grouping then others but if so
then the benefits to groups should be higher then for those classes
who can solo. To compensate for an Enchanters lack of solo ability (it
can be done but is harder then other classes) they should be much more
beneficial to groups then most other classes. Currently they aren't.

>Disease, and Poison.  Some monsters have higher attack speeds which tend to
>interrupt casters more.  Some classes have special attacks vs certain
>monsters (Ward Undead).  I could go on and on.  This is all assuming you are
>soloing.  Imagine the complexity if you are in a group.
>
>They could spend a bunch of time making /con very accurate.  Against an
>Undead /con could check to see if the cleric has his Ward Undead spell
>memorized and check how much mana the cleric has.  It could check the
>weapon, AC and any buffs the cleric has.  It could also check for nearby
>friendly monsters that may also join in the battle.
>

I don't mind a strict level check its the fact that the blue range
covers 2-3 levels that annoys me. When I summon a pet I would like to
know which of the three levels he falls into as a blue. They could do
this with a wider variety of text messages without giving hard numbers
and that would be just fine.  I'm level 10, is the pet I just summoned
a level 7 which will disappear in 2 hits or a level 9 which might
allow me to get a couple spells off. They both will show as risky blue
to me.

>Instead, Verant just chose to compare levels.  I don't blame them for this
>choice.  Learn from your experience.  A monk may be able to handle a yellow
>spellcasting critter, but not a yellow critter with a weapon.  Enchanters
>will have a much more difficult time handling even blue critters when alone.
>
>
>BALANCE----
>Enchanters may need some serious adjustments to make them a good class.  But
>Enchanters also have valuable or fun non-combat skills.  They get
>invisibility at a low level.  They can turn themselves into just about any
>object in the game.  They can also enchant items at higher levels.  Last
>night there was a big tree on the docks in Butcherblok.  It jumped off the
>docks and was swimming.  Everyone thought it was very funny.
>

That was a Druid. Druids get treeform early, Enchanters get
illusion:Treeform late and no Enchanters are anywhere near the level
needed for that spell.  Also although that's all fun and stuff it
doesn't help in getting levels. it's the equivalent of parlor tricks
at this time. Eventually the later illusions will be most useful in
travel and that is a good thing, Enchanters do travel well. Still, so
do Druids yet they lose none of their combat efficiency.

>Some consideration has to be given to these non-combat functions when
>balancing the classes.  If Enchanters were just as good as Wizards in a
>combat situation AND they got the non-combat frills, Wizards would then be
>underbalanced in respect to Enchanters.
>

Just as good ignores a few aspects. Wizards do damage, Enchanters are
supposed to debuff the mob and Enhance the group to make a mob into a
lower level equivalent. Given the ability to cast on equal mobs an
Enchanter will still not have the means to be "just as good" since his
abilities rely on enhancement of others to fight. We are ideally
designed to pair with Tanks. Assuming our spells can get through on
the mobs. Which they really can't right now.  No one, certainly not me
wants our damage spells to be as good as Wizards, if I wanted to nuke
stuff I would have been a Wizard. What we want is our debuffs to go
through. I get languid pace and Whirl till you hurl soon, yet if I
group with a  large group that wants to hunt reds those spells might
as well not even be scribed for all the good they will do me or the
group. 

>If Enchanters keep their non-combat fun things, then they must be less
>effective in combat than other spellcasters just to be balanced.  Otherwise
>everyone would be Enchanters.  The current level of their effectiveness may
>be a bit low and need some twinking to bring it up to a decent level.
>

Even if our spells worked we are less effective. We by design need to
be behind tanks. We don't have the raw damage capacity and or pets
aren't strong enough to make up for that lack. We are not Magicians or
Wizards nor do we want to be. That doesn not mean we should be less
effective at our designated roles though. And no everyone won;t be
Enchanters because the class is designed to rely on others and that
takes a special type of play. Ask you local Monk or Druid if they
would switch. Nope. 

>I have talked to several high level Enchanters (lvl 15+).  Everyone really
>loved their character.  They admitted that they were not the most powerful
>class, but they felt they were effective in groups.  And all said Enchanters
>were the funniest class to play.
>
>

I have talked to several Enchanters as well. All loved their class but
felt frustration that they were of limited use against reds. As for
the funnest class, that would have to wait ill we are functional in
all conflicts as well as other magi classes. 

>CHOOSING YOUR CLASS----
>Your Class choice is the most important choice you will ever have in the
>game.  Your class defines all of the skills and spells you get.  This is a
>very important choice.  You must choose a class that can play the style you
>want to play.  For example, a Cleric is a very useful class, just about
>every group will need a Cleric.  Other classes may not have as great of an
>influence in combat but offer other advantages that make them worthwhile to
>enjoy.
>
>I would recommend that someone choose a class first, then choose which race
>they want.  You have went the other path, choosing your race first...
>
>>My problem is I really like being a Gnome and yet the only class they
>>have I like is the Enchanter.


No I always wanted to be an Enchanter. I also always wanted to be a
Druid but that was because of the Travel abilities, which in another
fashion enchanters get. 


>
>I find it strange that you don't like Magicians, Necros, Wizards, Clerics,
>Rogues, or Warriors, yet you do like Enchanters.  I've read many of your
>posts where all you do is talk bad about Enchanters.  Tell me what qualities
>Enchanters have that make you prefer them over all the other spellcasters
>that are "better" than Enchanters?
>

I don't talk bad about Enchanters. I have an issue with spell resists
against reds and broken spells. please show me where I talk bad
against Enchanters in any way other then complaints about higher then
normal resist rates and nonfunctional spells. And In no way do I think
other classes are "better" then Enchanters so I will thank you to stop
putting words into my mouth. I never said Enchanters sucked or
anything like that only that their resist rates make them less fun and
ineffective in certain situations. And that is absolutely true. 

Why not wizards. I don't want to be heavy artillery. I don;t want to
nuke all the time. I like variety and even more importantly I like to
buff and debuff as opposed to direct damage. 

Why not Magicians. I like almost all Aspects of Magicians, I like that
they summon and their utility. But again they are primarily nukers and
pet users and that is not what I want. 

Why not a Cleric. I could easily play a cleric since it fits my play
style. However it is fairly common and lacks some of the things I find
most interesting about the Enchanter class.  I would play a Druid
before a Cleric though because they are more evenly balanced then
clerics who favor defense and healing. 

Rogues and Warriors are right out since I am a magic user lover. The
next closest thing would be a Bard because of their songs,


What I like about Enchanters. Obviously the idea of Enchanting objects
places and creatures. I want to create items that have bonuses and
trade in them. I wish there were some way to gain skill from doing
this as I would focus a great deal of energy in this area if that were
the case. I like the variety of spells and the fact that many of the
utility spells are at lower level. I like the idea of stunning a
creature, holding it immobile while the tanks focus on the other
creature, allowing them to concentrate their damage without taking
extra hits. I like the Idea of being or at least appearing to be any
creature although initially I was upset that such a large number of
Illusions were in place. I now see they each have their own utility.
Debuffs. I like the idea of Debuffs, and would also consider a Shaman
for this reason as a suitable character, except that there seem to be
an awful lot of Shaman already. I like the fact that we are more
subtle and take more strategy. I like the fact that we are designed to
help others and thus will be wanted for groups (assuming our spells
work and our resists are adjusted to bring us in line with other
casters). I like the fact that an Enchanters utility increases in
emergency situations, like trains. A well placed Stun, or
mesmerization can do wonders to make the unmanageable manageable.
I like the supposed ability to alter NPC factions, to get every quest
int he game, and to make friends easily and influence people (npc's).



What I don't like. Broken spells or spells whose effects don;t do what
they are designed to do. 

Color flux for example is an emergency spell but the stun lasts for
too short a period to allow even a 50% chance of escape. I have
escaped only one time using it in all the times I have tried and that
was because me team mates were beating the crap out of the beastie and
it finally ignored me. Had it been in frenzy I would have died then as
well.

Chaotic Feedback. Although the stunned message flashes on screen when
you use this it is immediately followed by the unstunned message and
in any case no one has ever seen the stun actually take effect. 

Alliance: If this spell actually changes factions its far to subtle
for anyone to notice currently.

Sentinel: This was supposed to be a sphere or warning but again, I
have never heard of it being used and last I heard it was broken.

Cancel/Pillage Enchantment. Removes the Enchantments in first on first
off order instead of Last on first off order. Thus all the buffs on a
person fail first before the bad effect is even touched. Ideally this
spell would remove one effect (for cancel, perhaps 2 for pillage) from
the last one put on up. Thus it would be useful to cast to remove
curses etc.

Lull/Soothe. These  spells do what they are supposed to do but in the
situations when you WOULD use them (when you want one or maybe two out
of a larger group) the effectiveness is so low that they become too
hazardous to use. They need to be cast on each creature You don't
want, they wear off to quickly to cast more then one or two and with
any resist there is a chance of pulling the whole mob. It took only a
few experiments at younger levels to learn that casting this led to
lots of trains. 

Enchantment of Light. Was broken or hidden all thru beta. Now its not
to be found although rumors of the Brilliance spell being available
(won't know if it works till much later) are around.


What I would like to see:

More temporary item buffs. I would like a series of armor buffs, that
could be high costa nd castable on the person and would affect all the
armor worn (not in pack). This would be in terms of in game
application no different then casting a personal buff on a person. The
difference is that this spell would be designed to help Tanks,
particularly armored ones. It would raise the AC by a percentage, say
5%. Thus a paladin wearing 250 AC armor would benefit from this spell
far more then any magi class. 
Other temporary buffs could be specific buffs like "Shine of Silver"
to temporarily cover weapons with a  skin of Silver thus increasing
their effectiveness against undead. Or The ability to store charges of
current spells like damage shields for future use. Say a spell cast by
Enchanter on a tank, then within 30 seconds if a Druid cast a damage
shield on the same person that damage shield would be inert until the
person was hit. Since Enchanters don't get Damage shields this would
also increase grouping benefits/efficiency.

Area Buffs: Zone of Cold/Fire/Silence. Creates a small circle where
certain specific types of damage such as fire damage or shock damage
are reduced. As long as the party stays int he circle they get  the
benefits of the enchantment. 
Zones of slowing or speed, of warding( perhaps a spell that creates a
safe (or safer) area to rest and meditate in hostile areas. All these
are ideas that do not directly increase the damage dealing ability of
the Enchanter but do improve the usefullness to a  party. 







>
>
>
>Wayne
>
>
>
>




