Message-ID: <evilsofa-089765.17012820102000@[63.211.125.92]>
Subject: Ogre cultural smithing concerns (unable to post to everquest board)
Date: Fri, 20 Oct 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: evilsofa <evilsofa@emeraldnet.remove_this_part.net.invalid>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 683991072
Organization: Unorganized
User-Agent: MT-NewsWatcher/3.0 (PPC)
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 20 Oct 2000 19:57:31 EDT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Complaints-To: support@usenetserver.com
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:11444 rec.games.computer.everquest:9930

First, I want to say that I tried to post the following to the 
tradeskills board at verant's site.  I signed up to be a member 
there, and when I attempt to make a new post, it says "Welcome 
back to The Station", then says I need to be an Everquest 
subscriber.  WTF?  Anyway, feel free to repost this to the boards 
where Verant at least has a chance of replying to it.  I know 
they don't read these newsgroups.

My concern is with Ogre cultural blacksmithing.

The Imbued Ogre Splint armor stats are just coming in now.  One 
example is the helm:

Ogre Imbued Splint Helm
Rallos Zek
AC 10
STR +3
WT: 6.0
Class: WAR SHD SHM
Race: HUM BAR TRL OGR

Now, if it weren't bad enough that regular Ogre Splintmail can't 
be worn by Ogres (stoopid!), notice that the Imbued Ogre armor 
can only be worn by those worshipping Rallos Zek.

WTF?

Ogre Shamans can only choose Rallos Zek - they will be the only 
market for imbued armor.  They won't buy or make any, because 
they don't want strength items, they want wisdom items.

Ogre Shadowknights get the choice between Cazic-Thule and Rallos 
Zek, but by default are set to Cazic-Thule.  How many Rallos Zek 
Ogre SKs will be out there?  None.  Zero.  Zip.  And besides, 
they want Int items, not strength items.

Warriors get a choice of agnostic, Cazic-Thule and Rallos Zek; 
default is agnostic.  These are the guys who want strength items.  
How many of them are going to choose Rallos Zek?  None.  Zero.  
Zip.  Why?

Crafted Helm
AC 14
CHA +5 WIS +5
WT 6.0
Class: WAR
Race: ALL

Ogre Warriors aren't going to pick Rallos Zek just so they can 
wear Imbued, because they can get Crafted, which is better.  
There isn't any OTHER reason to choose Rallos Zek - therefore, 
there won't be any Ogre Warriors choosing Rallos Zek.

The only class that chooses the religion for it doesn't want it, 
and the only class that might want it gets better stuff without 
the religion hit OR needing a blacksmith.

Verant needs to reconsider Ogre Imbued.

-- 
"Ninety percent of everything is crap." - Theodore Sturgeon
There is now over 550 billion pages of info on the World Wide Web.
Therefore, there are 55 billion web pages that are not crap.
[Revision 2.0 of this sig.  New to 2.0 - Ted's quote has been corrected.]


