Message-ID: <390F7076.3991C4E2@misleading.com>
Subject: Re: All right, try this.
Date: Tue, 02 May 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Morgan <morgana@misleading.com>
References: <390e4d61.128049756@news.ddaccess.net> <390f5658.195891002@news.ddaccess.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 618491672
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@pacbell.net
X-Trace: news.pacbell.net 957313109 216.103.192.163 (Tue, 02 May 2000 17:18:29 PDT)
Organization: UC Berkeley
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 02 May 2000 17:18:29 PDT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:8777 rec.games.computer.everquest:6233

Roy Anderson wrote:
> 
> Maybe some of you missed it.  About a week ago, Gordon came down from
> on high and informed the EQ message board that Verant would be willing
> to create an immersive rp server if:
> 1.rp'ers could come up with a solid definition of rp'ing.
> 2.a way to enforce said definition
> 3.as minimal effort (programming and manpower) as possible on Verant's
> part
> 4. 3-5 thousand people willing to play
> 
> I tried to come up with an idea, but for the most part got inane
> critiques by anti-social teens(I'm hoping thats who you are), instead
> of the critical analysis I'd been hoping for.

The critiques you have gotten here are mostly from reasonable
adults asking questions or pointing out flaws with your proposal.
You have responded with insults and sarcasm.  Try treating the
proposal as a framework that may need substantial change instead
of your baby that needs defending.

> If you don't think my idea would work, explain why, and if possible
> offer a better way.  Otherwise, don't expect a response.

Ah, then I would have to amend the proposition a bit.  I only 
read the responses since the original was unreadable.  If you
aren't going to bother to format it, at least you could turn 
off line wrapping so that it was readable in a wide window.

First, it can't be a PvP server, since that would make it fail
at rule 4.  PvP in EQ is just not very good or popular and it
diminishes role playing.  (We've already been through this, so
check deja news if you want to know why I say that.)

I am not sure why you want to do away with /shout.  I could see
reducing it from zone-wide to maybe 10 times the radius of /say.

You absolutely need /ooc for role playing because sometimes you
have to say ooc things.  People who don't want to hear it can
still turn it off.

Get rid of /anon so that nobody ever has to say what class and
level they are.  Anonymity hurts role play by making characters
less distinctive and forcing ooc communication.

Enforced guild membership is not a good idea, unless you are going 
to redefine guilds in general or allow people to create their own
new guilds without finding ten people.  Clearly they are not 
integral to the plan or rogues would not be exempt, so get rid
of that part of the proposal.

Enforcement comes from a small panel of judges who decide which
guilds are up to par and what kind of behavior is acceptable.  Is
that correct?  The guild-based squealing will get you part of the
way there, but people are generally not inclined to turn in their
friends, so you will still need an objective authority.

It sounds like you just want the guides to enforce role playing.
So, here is an easier set of enforcement rules:

  Allow each account only one character on the server.
  
  Come up with a clear set of rules of what is and is not allowed
  and give copies of these rules to all the guides and GMs.
  
  Infractions of the role playing rules would result in the account
  being banned from that server.

  Set up a scheme that would allow players on the server to vote on
  changes to the rules.

> Also, as per someone's response to my post.  AS IS CLEARLY STATED ON
> THE WEBPAGE (petition.iwarp.com), signing the petition DOES NOT mean
> you endorse my idea at all.  DOES NOT.

What is the petition?  What does a signature mean?  I thought
it meant that a person wanted to play on the server as proposed,
in which case it would be endorsing the proposal.

I think you need to put up a single page with a clear statement
of the petition and a form for people to sign it.  Right now
I am not sure what you think people are agreeing to, but I am 
fairly sure it is not a petition that would satisfy Verant.  
They need to see that you have 3-5,000 people who are willing to
play on a particular role playing server, not on an unspecified
role playing server.

> I'm just trying to get together at least 3k roleplayers.  So far I've
> hit 67, not too bad, considering it's not even been 24 hours.  Come on
> RP'ers, I know you're out there, lets do this.
> BTW, if anyone cares I've only been on EQ for 2 months, was pretty
> disappointed with the roleplaying (lack of) in the game, enjoy the
> game overall though, but when I saw Gordy's post, I had to jump on it.
> --Roy

-- 
Morgan
(crossposting all posts to rec.games.computer.everquest)


