Message-ID: <80teq9$9le$3@nntp4.atl.mindspring.net>
Subject: Online Gaming Book Project
Date: Wed, 17 Nov 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: dwolfe@clanhall.com (David Wolfe)
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.descent.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 549581077
Organization: Battle Connection
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Mime-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.descent,alt.games.diablo,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.forsaken
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.descent:88082 alt.games.diablo:4566 alt.games.everquest:3175 alt.games.forsaken:12056


Hello everyone:

My name is David Wolfe and I'd like to extend an invitation to all gamers.

I am currently writing a book for MacMillan Computer Publishing about Online 
Gaming and I'd like to fill it with comments, hints, tips, and other Words of 
Wisdom from real gamers like the people here.  I'm looking to hear anything you 
might want to say.  It could be a comment about:

- A specific game that rocks or sucks
- Gaming hardware (video cards, joysticks, trackballs, anything)
- A tip about the best strategy you use in a game
- The best web sites to check out (yes, even your own website)
- The best LAN Parties to attend
- A funny gaming story of almost any nature
- The best ISPs to use to connect to the Internet for gaming
- A gaming service like HEAT, MPlayer, The Zone, etc.
- A specific gaming company like Activision, Id, Interplay, etc.
- What you'd like to see in the future of gaming
- Anything I may have missed here

I'll be giving full credit to all the people who submit each comment.  Your 
comments can be endorsements, slams, or just plain 'ol humor.  The gaming world 
is starting to get some respect as a real, here-to-stay entity and that's the 
face I'd like to show to the rest of the world.

I can't give out the full details of the project until it's done (damn the 
law!).  But the book does have a target publication date of early 2000.  By 
submitting a comment, you're giving permission to use it in the book (natch).

Please include the following info:

- Your gaming name
- Your real name
- Yes or No to crediting your real name along side of your game name
- Your email address so I can send a confirmation message to you
- And of course your comment

The best comments are concise, 3 or 4 sentence (sometimes longer if necessary) 
quips that get to the point and stand out as if spoken with authority on the 
subject you're commenting about.  Here's an example of a possible comment about 
Tiberian Sun:

----------
"The Cyborg Commando is a unit that tips the balance too heavily in favor of 
Nod.  One unit can quickly take out half a dozen buildings before it's 
destroyed.  Not bad for a 2000 credit expense.  I like to keep one hidden in a 
subteranian transport at the edge of the map early in the game in case I get in 
trouble later on."
----------

I can't promise anything in return except that you'll get to see your name and 
words of insight noted in a well circulated book on gaming (if I select your 
comments to go in the book). I am also planning on sending a free copy of the 
book to the people who submit the 10 best comments.

Thanks for taking the time to read through this entire message. I'm really 
looking forward to reading your comments and making this book more than just 
the words of myself and my 2 co-authors.  Everyone has an opinion and I want to 
hear yours.

Send all comments to:

	hijack@battlecon.com

Thanks again everyone!


David Wolfe
A.K.A. Hijack
hijack@battlecon.com
http://www.battlecon.com

P.S. - I will be cross posting this invitation to many message boards, 
newsgroups and email lists so I appologize in advance if you see this message a 
couple times throughout your Internet wanderings.



