Message-ID: <7f30kv$3tv$1@camel21.mindspring.com>
Subject: Re: The Frustration factor: Enchanters? (EQ)
Date: Wed, 14 Apr 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Wayne Sheppard" <MrWayne@mindspring.com>
References: <3711ce78.138069@news.earthlink.net> <37142b22.13684836@news.jps.net> <3712ee03.17535711@news.earthlink.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.ultima.online.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 466449323
X-Server-Date: 14 Apr 1999 21:17:19 GMT
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.ultima.online
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:1311 rec.games.computer.ultima.online:82168


Silverlock wrote in message <3712ee03.17535711@news.earthlink.net>...
>
>Well personally I would prefer they fixed Enchanters so they aren't
>practically required to sit around and take it slow rather then saying
>this class is for people who don't want to keep up with their friends.
>Every class should be equally viable or else they are not balanced
>correctly.


I'm not making any flames in this post.  I'm trying to explain as carefully
as I can the why the the game works as it does.

/CON---------------
The /con system will never be as useful as you want it to.  Basically /con
compares your level vs the level of the monster and reports back.  It will
never evaluate your actual class and equipment and compare it to the
monster.  It cannot simulate 500 battles and give you a percentage.

There are so many different things that could affect the battle.  Your stats
and equipment play an important part.  The spells you have memorized and the
buffs you have active affect the outcome.  Any equipment the monster has
affects the outcome.  A decaying skeleton with a rusty scimitar hits a lot
harder than one without a weapon.  Some classes and races will just do
better in combat than others.  Some monsters have special attacks like Stun,
Disease, and Poison.  Some monsters have higher attack speeds which tend to
interrupt casters more.  Some classes have special attacks vs certain
monsters (Ward Undead).  I could go on and on.  This is all assuming you are
soloing.  Imagine the complexity if you are in a group.

They could spend a bunch of time making /con very accurate.  Against an
Undead /con could check to see if the cleric has his Ward Undead spell
memorized and check how much mana the cleric has.  It could check the
weapon, AC and any buffs the cleric has.  It could also check for nearby
friendly monsters that may also join in the battle.

Instead, Verant just chose to compare levels.  I don't blame them for this
choice.  Learn from your experience.  A monk may be able to handle a yellow
spellcasting critter, but not a yellow critter with a weapon.  Enchanters
will have a much more difficult time handling even blue critters when alone.


BALANCE----
Enchanters may need some serious adjustments to make them a good class.  But
Enchanters also have valuable or fun non-combat skills.  They get
invisibility at a low level.  They can turn themselves into just about any
object in the game.  They can also enchant items at higher levels.  Last
night there was a big tree on the docks in Butcherblok.  It jumped off the
docks and was swimming.  Everyone thought it was very funny.

Some consideration has to be given to these non-combat functions when
balancing the classes.  If Enchanters were just as good as Wizards in a
combat situation AND they got the non-combat frills, Wizards would then be
underbalanced in respect to Enchanters.

If Enchanters keep their non-combat fun things, then they must be less
effective in combat than other spellcasters just to be balanced.  Otherwise
everyone would be Enchanters.  The current level of their effectiveness may
be a bit low and need some twinking to bring it up to a decent level.

I have talked to several high level Enchanters (lvl 15+).  Everyone really
loved their character.  They admitted that they were not the most powerful
class, but they felt they were effective in groups.  And all said Enchanters
were the funniest class to play.


CHOOSING YOUR CLASS----
Your Class choice is the most important choice you will ever have in the
game.  Your class defines all of the skills and spells you get.  This is a
very important choice.  You must choose a class that can play the style you
want to play.  For example, a Cleric is a very useful class, just about
every group will need a Cleric.  Other classes may not have as great of an
influence in combat but offer other advantages that make them worthwhile to
enjoy.

I would recommend that someone choose a class first, then choose which race
they want.  You have went the other path, choosing your race first...

>My problem is I really like being a Gnome and yet the only class they
>have I like is the Enchanter.

I find it strange that you don't like Magicians, Necros, Wizards, Clerics,
Rogues, or Warriors, yet you do like Enchanters.  I've read many of your
posts where all you do is talk bad about Enchanters.  Tell me what qualities
Enchanters have that make you prefer them over all the other spellcasters
that are "better" than Enchanters?




Wayne







