Message-ID: <82olei$kfn$2@nntp3.atl.mindspring.net>
Subject: Let me hear your opinion!
Date: Thu, 09 Dec 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: dwolfe@clanhall.com (David Wolfe)
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.descent.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 558616486
Organization: Battle Connection
Content-Type: Text/Plain; charset=US-ASCII
Mime-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.descent,alt.games.diablo,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.forsaken
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.descent:88589 alt.games.diablo:4606 alt.games.everquest:3208 alt.games.forsaken:12115

Hello again everyone.

A few weeks back I posted a message here asking for folks to send me comments 
about online gaming for a book I'm doing for MacMillan Computer Publishing.  
I'd like to thank everyone who sent me comments.  I really appreciate it.  I 
got quite a few and all of them were interesting and worthy of going in the 
book.  I'm going to try and add as many as I can to the book.

We're now doing a survey of many current online games to find out which ones 
rate the highest among real Internet/Online gamers.  The data will go into the 
book and let everyone know what games real gamers think are the best.  We've 
set up a very easy to answer survey page where you can rate many aspects of 
dozens of multiplayer games.  You can rate things like how quickly you can 
install and play a game, the control simplicity, story line depth, strategy 
simplicity, team playability, multimedia quality, and several other items.  I 
would really love to hear everyone's opinion about what is being played online 
these days.

You can fill out the survey multiple times if you would like to rate different 
games.  There is a comment field available for you to express any personal 
comments you might have about a game.  I'm still looking for more comments to 
add to the book as quotes from real gamers so I may use your words if you don't 
mind (you will get a confirmation message from me if I would like to use your 
comments as a quote).

Anyway, many thanks for the help if you can spare the time.  You can reach the 
survey page from my main web site at:

http://www.battlecon.com

or directly by using this URL:

http://wf1.rhino-tech.com:81/gamerate/FMPro?-db=gamerate.FP3&-lay=Layout%20%231
&-format=new.htm&-view

I look forward to seeing everyone's opinion and what rocks and what sucks.


David Wolfe
a.k.a. Hijack (hijack@battlecon.com)

P.S.  This message will be cross posted to several message boards and 
newsgroups so I appologize in advance if you see this message a couple times.



