Message-ID: <ndJg4.28666$475.800293@news4.giganews.com>
Subject: Re: Overcrowding Comments <not a rant> (solutions and long)
Date: Mon, 17 Jan 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Olaf" <olaf@houston.rr.com>
References: <vqyg4.1353$Pb4.10347@newsfeed.slurp.net> <3882C544.6066051F@escape.ca>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 573849230
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2314.1300
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Complaints-To: abuse@GigaNews.Com
X-Trace: sv2-nHJKW0YK/F7+8XTs+BdxmfCHcOg1NZq8QrRH+05U3+B42prQ1pJRCbd3Jcb6TW4b5uub2rCAVKEX8FP!cHymDPSOiUuY1g==
Organization: Giganews.Com - Premium News Outsourcing
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 17 Jan 2000 12:30:43 CST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:3889 rec.games.computer.everquest:562

Ok, some of the servers are critically overcrowded at primetime (over 2K
peaks).  Most of the others are crowded at over 1700.  I cant even imagine
being a level 40+ on Fennin Ro.

Something must be done, can we all (Verant?) agree on that?  Yes, given the
system wide messages lately, I think we can.

Lets look at what is being done.

First, at least one new server will be up in a week or two.  This might even
be two servers.  This is a start, ESPECIALLY if they release 2 new servers
at once.  We have already seen with Lans and the Nameless that people do
flock to new servers, and 1300-1400 play on them during peak.  These people
come from somewhere, so new servers DO relieve crowding on older servers.
Admittedly not much, but it is something.

Promised zones.  Paineel and the Hole.  These have been promised for a
while.  They arent here.  At one point, they were saying January, not too
many weeks left so I dont know when they will be here.  The upside is that
they will be aimed at the right level range.  Will they be good zones?  Who
knows.  I think Verant has a spotty record when it comes to this type of
thing.  We shall see.

The expansion.  This sounds great, but I think there are lots of things to
consider here.  First, it wont be out now until the end of April at the
earliest.  That is about 90 days away.  Historically, look at EQ server
growth in 90day  periods.  I can speak from experience regarding the
Tribunal.  Tribunal went from peaks of 1300-1400 to 1700-1800 in 90 days
from Sept to Dec.  Not pretty, and while the growth in the next 90 days may
not be as explosive, it WILL continue to grow.  So, by the time the
expansion comes out, the population on all servers will be higher, and it
will be a lot more mature.  So how much will the expansion help?  Well,
assuming 20 new zones, how many will be aimed at the right level groups (30+
is what is needed, really 40+ on the older servers)?  Of these, how many
will be good, viable alternatives to existing popular zones (ie. not Paw
like)?  A lot of unknowns here if you ask me.  To further complicate things,
at some point the servers become loaded overall, as opposed to individual
zones being overloaded.  I am not exactly sure what this number is, or if it
is a hardware problem or a network problem, but it does exist, and adding
more zones definitely wont help it.  Also, EQ subscriptions havent peaked
yet.  I dont see them peaking in the near future.  When a viable competitive
product is offered, I think the subscriptions will peak, then decline.

So that is what is being done, is it enough?  I think the answer is
obviously no.  What NEEDS to be done is to allow higher level players from
the most heavily crowded servers to transfer to new, yet to be introduced
servers.  This could introduce new problems, of course.  It will DEFINITELY
solve some though, so I say go with it.  A brief outline of how this could
be done follows:

Decide that you will take X number of existing characters to be added to the
new servers.  Decide that you will take a maximum of Y characters from level
40 and up from say the top 5 most crowded servers.  Now, I dont know for
sure what X would be, but 300-400 would seem about right.  So, Y is X/5.
So, you have 600-800 character transfers to two servers.  A lot of work, but
not a crippling amount, unless the character data is just stored in some
super way out there fashion.  Now, setup a webpage that allows for
applications of character transfers.  Take them in chronological order from
the servers in question.  Once you have all X amount of players, check the
names.  If everything is OK, transfer them in the downtime while the servers
are being brought up initially.  Voila.

The two biggest concerns with character transfers seem to be a) item farming
and b) economy being ruined.  I guess these are tied together.  It seems to
me that Verant isnt really interested in stopping item farming, as it still
goes on all the older servers and they havent made any serious attempts to
stop people from selling items for cash, so this isnt a valid Verant excuse.
As for b), well with no real plat sinks in game, ALL servers eventually get
ruined.  I would agree that transfering chars would accelerate this
process...oh well.  The bottomline is that HUNDREDS of higher level accounts
will now have a better playing experience.

I also think that upping the monthly charge should be considered.  How many
people would quit if they charged $12-15 a month instead of $10?  Some, no
doubt, which is good for those that stay.  It also gives Verant another 350K
plus a month to play with.

Something to think about maybe.  I dont think they will do it, but I think
it could be done.

olaf





