Message-ID: <7k8b1l$tug$1@newsfeeds.rpi.edu>
Subject: Re: UO's victim complex - was: UO Players
Date: Wed, 16 Jun 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: gentrj@rpi.edu (Jeff Gentry)
References: <7k67k7$1esg$2@newsfeeds.rpi.edu> <376a8daa.4482156@nnrp.gol.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.ultima.online.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 490261308
Organization: Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy NY, USA
Followup-To: rec.games.computer.ultima.online,alt.games.everquest
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.ultima.online,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.ultima.online:97453 alt.games.everquest:1982

Ken Nicolson (kennicol@gol.com) wrote:
: You imply you sometimes look for fights, therefore I will conclude you
: are somewhat good at PvP (ISTR posts to that effect to r.g.c.u.o),
: therefore even though you would dislike it, you would at least be able
: to skillfully deal with a random attack.

True, but I'm not always playing a combat worthy character, mind you.

: Oh, and don't tell me I should practise PvPing, as that's not why I
: play online games.

That is immaterial.  I don't *not* run away from people because I
know how to PvP.  Even if I didn't (or even if I was iwth a PvP-worthless
char), i'd still freely interact wiht folks.

: Online friends becoming RL friends is not unique to UO.

No, but if you never talk to anyone in UO, you don't make any friends
is my point.  And if you only talk to the people you already know or
those in your town (ie safe from PKs at the time), you stagnate.  This
is how I am currently in EQ because I only talk to my UO friends in EQ
(and then only limitedly.  I abhor that interface).

: Well, PKs, especially the kewl dewds, are mostly cowards in for the
: easy kill. A skilled character (both in terms of game skill points and
: out of game fighting techniques), and since we're talking UO,

But the thing is, when I make a newbie char, I'm not the least bit
afraid to go out hunting with them.  I'm not the least bit afraid
to take my non-combatant characters either.  So its not like the
PKs know "this guy knows how to PvP" when they see Joe the Newbie
while played by me.  Thus, we'd be in equal situations.  However -
while a true PK would still attack me, there are measures one can
take to avoid the opportunists (which mind you are far less now after
the various "blue pk" patches)


