Message-ID: <rhtsuso6ieicahcbtphp9rhaen5mj9jb2o@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: Easiest Choice?
Date: Thu, 19 Oct 2000 00:56:45 -0400
From: larn@pobox.com
References: <lYsH5.16142$Ou2.823015@news-east.usenetserver.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!supernews.google.com!sn-xit-02!sn-xit-03!supernews.com!cyclone2.usenetserver.com!news-out.usenetserver.com!newsfeed2.earthlink.net!newsfeed.earthlink.net!news.mindspring.net!firehose.mindspring.com!not-for-mail
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Lines: 60
NNTP-Posting-Host: a5.f7.74.bb
Mime-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Server-Date: 19 Oct 2000 04:55:58 GMT
X-Newsreader: Forte Agent 1.8/32.548
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:11438 rec.games.computer.everquest:9916


On Wed, 18 Oct 2000 22:27:43 -0400, in rec.games.computer.everquest, "Duncun
Staxx" <Aftrbrth@sover.net> wrote:

>Ok now that I got my account up and working I was wondering. What is the
>easiest Class/Race/Religion combo to start the game off with. I have made 4
>Chars from Pure Warrior to a Necromancer and I keep getting my ass handed to
>me by every thing and one.

You probably aren't going to like this answer, but here it is anyway...

If you're getting doing nothing but dying all the time, you don't need a
different character class: you need a different strategy.

Any race/class combination is capable of doing well if played well: the
important thing is to pick a character type that suits you and your
particular playing style.


Some tips:

1.  Always /con things before you fight, and stick to things that are even
or easier.  You might be able to handle some yellow /cons, but you'll have a
lot better luck with the easier monsters.

2.  Until you have a better idea what you're doing and your character is
stronger, stay close to the guards.  The guards are a new character's best
friends: run to them anytime you get in trouble.

3.  Don't fight monsters where you're likely to get jumped on by more
monsters; attack things that are by themselves.

    If you're someplace like Halas, where you have a lot of monsters
traveling through the same area: wait till you see one by itself, then run
out, hit it to get its attention, and run off to the side (away from the
monsters' travel area) to fight it.

4.  Learn to keep an eye out around you when you're fighting.  Practice
using F9 to select different cameral views to see what's going on around
you.  (I normally play in 1st person view, but often switch to one of the
3rd person views when fighting: that lets me watch out for other monsters
that may jump into the fight.)
    
5.  Don't try to be a Terminator: you aren't one.  Run out, fight something,
then run back to someplace safe to heal and rest before looking for another
fight.  If you try to just keep plowing through one enemy after another,
you'll just die and die: learn to watch your health and mana, and give
yourself time to recover in between fights.


Also, if you haven't run the EQ tutorial program yet, I recommend that.  It
won't help much with combat tactics, but it does walk you through a lot of
the basics needed for playing the game.


>Also do you only get EXP from
>killing or does it raise with other none combat skill use?

You get experience from fighting and from doing quests; you'll get a message
anytime you do something that earns you experience.

