Message-ID: <72u84g$9gr$1@samsara0.mindspring.com>
Subject: Re: Proof that Rglencheek missed the point (was Re: Proof of the exsistance of Sailor Moon)
Date: Wed, 18 Nov 1998 00:00:00 +0000
From: "RGlenCheek" <rglencheek@mindspring.com>
References: <72aso5$i2a$1@news-2.news.gte.net> <72fu4p$n7p$1@camel18.mindspring.com> <72noqt$ekf$1@news-1.news.gte.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.forsaken.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 413100650
X-Server-Date: 18 Nov 1998 10:39:12 GMT
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.2106.4
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Newsgroups: alt.games.diablo,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.final-fantasy,alt.games.final-fantasy.hentai,alt.games.final-fantasy.rpg,alt.games.forsaken
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.diablo:2693 alt.games.everquest:354 alt.games.final-fantasy:35192 alt.games.final-fantasy.hentai:9358 alt.games.final-fantasy.rpg:36538 alt.games.forsaken:8190


Wyvern > wrote in message <72noqt$ekf$1@news-1.news.gte.net>...
>
>
>*snip a bunch of bullshit, and some moron's responce to it ^_-*


Heh, I was responding to what you wrote, which, if you categorize as
bullshit, then at least we agree on something, heh.

>to mr. or ms. or whatever RGlenCheek


Mr is quite fine by me.

>Done banging your head against the wall? Good.

Is attempting to reason with you comparable to banging my head against the
wall? Heh, thanks for the warning! Actually, I was writing for the sake of
lurkers, and never had the delusion that you ever had your mind open to the
arguments I was presenting. So, no, I was not banging my head against a
wall, I was smashing your pathetic attempts at reason.

>What I was trying to say,
>and what you, naturally, missed the point of compltly, is that the fact
>that every thing needs a designer does not prove shit.

As I pointed out, it most certainly does; the question is whether there is
design in the object observed. If so, then there ABSOLUTELY must be a
designer. This in no way proves who or what was the designer, but does
establish the existance of something beyond our kin and power. That is only
the starting point in an apologetical argument establishing the unique
existance of the God of Abraham.

>I do belive in a
>supreme being.

You do? Then you are an idiot for having mocked this being, whoever it is!
Do you yet realize that there are consequences to your actions? Do you
realize that most of those above the common norm really dont care to be
mocked?

>I'm not sure who it is, maybe because I prefer to think for
>myself rather than simply mumble "yes sir! I agree one hundred percent" to
>anything the pope tells me, though I'd have to take his dick out of my
>mouth for him to understand me.

What an interesting candidate for a schizo workshop! And just how often do
you have these fantasies of having the Pope's dick in your mouth? Does he
ever get around to the cigar? As to thinking for yourself, trust me, you'd
be better off with the first name randomly chosen from the phone book doing
all your thinking for you, if your posts are any evidence of how well you
think!

>What I was trying to say, (and I forget
>that when using sarcasm I should include a handy explanation chart so
>mental powerhouses like you can grasp what I'm saying) is that the idea
>that "the simple fact that life exsists is proof of the exsistance of the
>Judeo-Chrstian God" is idiotic.

Wait, I never argued that, moron! I argued that the existance of _DESIGN_
proves a _DESIGNER_! Shit, keep your arguments straight! And, had you
actually read my post and responded to it, rather than giving a knee jerk
response, you would have realized that I admitted that the existance of a
designer, from this line of reason, does not prove that it is any particular
thing, god or person. I even said hell, it could be extra-terrestrials! Get
your brain in gear, or just shut the hell up!

>First of all, the whole thing, is a
>thoery,not proof;  all the evidence, if looked at logically, (i know that's
>hard for you religous fanatics to do) is circumstancial at best.

No, ass-wipe, it is NOT a theory, it is a proof! It is a purely mental
excersise, arguing from what we know to what we can project from what we
know about the world around us. This is one form of something called
'logic', but I wouldnt want to fry your brain-cell, so I'll just leave it at
that.

>The theory
>does not prove that the Judeo-Christian God, hereafter reffered to as
>Jehova (not the FFVII chara) is the true god-

As I said, it indeed does not prove the existance of Jehovah, but, entirely
separate from that line of reason, there are plenty of other reasons why it
couldnt possibly have been just anything, like your assinine, sarcastic
assertion it was a cartoon character.

>the point I was trying to make
>is that it can be applied to "prove" the exsistance of *any* god, no matter
>how idiotic the idea may be, such as the ridiculous  idea that a cartoon
>charecter (SailorMoon is a SHE, BTW) created the universe.

I  know you dont really mean to argue that this character may have been the
creator, but you are missing the fact it CANNOT be just ANYTHING. Most
things are immenintly DISQUALIFIED from reasonable consideration; but this
is independent of the value or legitimacy of the classic 'Argument from
Design' that you obviously DO NOT understand.

>I could have
>just as easily,claimed I myself created the universe.

And been just as hysterically wrong.

>Or that my next door
>nieghbor did, or that the glass of Mountin Dew I have no my desk right now
>did.


Again, bullshit.

>The only proof in the thoery is the exsistance of nature, and since nature
>is real, there must be a supreme being who created it,and then the thoery
>decides with no proof or logic attached to the argument that Jehova did.

Again, no, it was an argument from design, not nature, and that design can
also be found in human thought. And that Nature is merely 'real' does not
indicate design, in any fashion; the apparent _order_ in Nature, in life,
and the heavens is simply the easiest manifestation of design to be
observed. That is why most apologists start with the design seen in Nature.
Do you really know what the hell you're talking about? It isnt apparent.

>There is as much validity to that claim, via this argument, as there is to
>the claim that Sailormoon is the all-mother. As a matter of a fact, I
>challenge any of you to *prove* to me that Sailor Moon didn't create the
>universe. (note:I'm being sarcastic again) You can't. Because to do that,
>you'd to positivly identify the supreme being. A stupid theory like this
>one has the same validty, under scientific analysis, as the Sailormoon joke
>thoery.

Wrong again. Sailor moon is not the creator, because SailorMoon is the
CREATION of a person. What is so hard to understand about this? You make the
assertion that it can be anything, even SailorMoon, then hide behind a claim
of sarcasm? This isnt simple stupidity, it is cowardly as well. Why dont you
make a serious assertion? And regardless of whether you are being sarcastic
or not, the answer is, no, it isnt just anything that may have created the
universe. And what 'scientific' analysis did you use? I saw little other
than pathetic attempts at humor about sacred things that you have no inkling
of. Is that what passes for 'science' to you?

> That's where faith comes in. I have alot of respect for it. I'm a
>questioning soul, but I do belive there is SOMETHING out there that made us
>and is greater than us all.

Well, now he does get serious, after all.

>Faith is a wonderful thing, until it gets taken
>to extremes, and idiots like you start jumping about calling anyone who
>doesen't belive a fool who's life is a waste, etc.

Believing in something like Jehovah should cause a change in your behavior,
as you call it, 'taking it to extremes'. You insulted and degraded something
I hold very dear to me, and I have immense respect for; which makes YOU a
fool, not to mention a calloused lout on top of that. Even if I didnt
believe in God, I certainly wouldnt go around shooting my mouth off, just in
case I were proven to be wrong, but you lack even this much common sense. To
you, its all  a joke, a game. Buddy, the joke is going to be on you.

> If you belive in God,
>good for you. Other people belive in other things, wich are just as likely
>to be true as your beliefs (wich is why you need faith) quit forcing them
>to belive what you do.

I am not FORCING anyone to do anything. I am engaging in a process of
reason, analyzing what you wrote, and trying to make you understand, and any
other readers, why you are so far off. I doubt, given your dull mindedness,
that you ever will understand, but none the less, I am obligated to try. And
again, I am not arguing that the creator is any particular god, God, or
thing; I argued that the existance of design proves the existance of a
designer, which you denied.

>Even if a person doesen't belive in ANY god, that
>gives you no right to chastise them.(you also said that many of the most
>intellgent people throughout time belive in God. Good. So if they were,
>say, Buddahists, they'd all be idiots, then? I belive in a god, too, just
>not yours. I guess that makes me, and most of the people in the world, an
>idiot)


I have every right to express my opinion, and if I am right about God, I
have an obligation to speak frankly to those I know because I want them to
avoid falling into the kind of foolishness you have. And, for the fourth
time, I did not deny, from the point of design, that the creator could have
been just about anything. Maybe you should have read my post before you
snipped it with your whimsical claim that I'm a moron.

> It's just as likely that there is no god as that there is one.

Bullshit. God exists and I am certain of it. I and millions of others are
certain enough that we will die for that belief if necessary.

>Again,
>that's why you need faith. Because god is something you can't prove, only
>trust that it is real.

You are so fucked in the head. I dont have to mathematically prove something
to the nth degree before I begin to act on the belief of it. I dont _KNOW_
that a flame will start in my basement, but i still keep flamables away from
materials that would spread a fire. I KNOW God exists to the degree that I
will not do things I enjoy, like indescriminate sex, because I know that,
among other things, it displeases God. To that extent that I will change my
behavior, and well beyond, I know He exists.
To claim that 'knowledge' must be provable scientifically, is something that
only a scheister like Bertrand Russell would claim. You cant live from day
to day by such an absurdly acute definition of 'knowledge'. 'Knowledge' is
that that we live according to, and no, I dont give a shit what some secular
philosopher may say about it. Positivism is the last redoubt of every moral
coward in the Universe.

>There's also a chance that you're wrong, and
>everyone on earth is wrong, and on the Last Day we'll all be standing
>before some God who has never been worshipped by anyone in the history of
>the world, and he'll ask us how we managed to screw up his message into all
>these diffrent religons.

There is also a chance, how ever miniscule, that the sun could supernova
before I awake tomorrow. I am NOT worried about it, and still pay my bills.

> Hell, Islam and christianity and Judism all
>worship the same God, but interpret his message differently. Who's to say
>all the major religons aren't the same?

The monotheistic religions have more diversity of opinion within themselves
than they have with each other. I frequently have found myself much more in
agreement with conservative Jews, moderate Muslims, and moral agnostics than
with liberal christians. As to who is to say if the are the 'same', whatever
you mean by that, I suspect they themselves are to say. Muslims believe that
Mohamed was a prophet from God, and that Jesus was not crucified. Christians
believe that Jesus was crucified, then resurrected. Jews believe that
neither Jesus nor Muhamed were prophets, though some concede that there may
be some level of legitimacy for them as prophets to their own people. There
truly is a difference between these faiths, the real question is, can you
discern those differences? Probably not.

>They might all be diffrent
>interpretations of the same being or beings.

There is some legitimacy to this when speaking of the Abrahamic faiths, but
it isnt a legitimate assertion in regard to politheistic religions.

>Obviously, someone who
>encompasses the entire universe can be interpreted a hell of alot of
>diffrent ways. But I disgress.


That is true, and the most thoughtful thing you have written yet. I suspect
this is more due to the random alignment of the planets than that you
actually got there on your own gray-power.

> To close-Note that above I referred to what I wrote as bullshit.

Well, two things we agree on.

> That's
>because I NEVER INTENDED IT TO BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY! IT WAS SARCASM! It was
>not an affront to any God or Gods it was an affront to the mornic "if
>there's a building, there must be a builder" argument.

You assert that you were not to be taken seriously, then make a serious
assertion that the design argument is wrong? Hmm, are you not taking your
meds or something? I realise that you do not truly believe that SailorMoon
is the creator, but you apparently do think that that assertion is as legit
as the assertion that Jehovah is the creator. That is your point you tried
to make in an assinine fashion, and the notion that I am trying to disabuse
others of. You are hopeless. If there is design, then there ABSOLUTELY MUST
be a designer! There is no doubt about it, and if you still doubt it, then
show me a real case where there is perceivable design and it provably not
coming from a designer. I can show you thousands, or as many as you might
reasonably request, of cases of design where there was a designer. Till you
can demonstrate 'undesigned design', why have doubts on the matter? Because
you are a wishy-washy twit that cant hold his attention long enough to make
his mind up? I can only speculate about your malfunction, but God I know of.

>I belive in a god,
>maybe not *your* god, but a god, and I have nothing but respect for your
>beliefs (how you choose to express those belifs by calling anyone who
>doesen't share your ideals an idiot as you,  in your own words, "spouted
>your stupid foolishness")

'Respect for my beliefs'? I am not that stupid. Dont prevaracate, and dont
get self-righteous. You have repeatedly referrred to me as a moron, etc.
Which is fine by me, I have no respect for what you consider to be your
'thought's' on this subject either. IMO, you are an idiot and a fool; just
dont be a hypocrit as well.

>I thought I had sufficantly established by the
>utter inanity of the Sailor Moon thoery, but it seems people like you, who
>read anything that diverges from thier little self-rightous dogma

OOOPPPSSS! Where is that 'respect for my beliefs?' That didnt last much
longer than a snowball in hell, did it?

>and
>instantly get thier torches and plan to burn the filthy heathen who wrote
>it, have no sense of humor.

Now you slander me with acusations that I intend violence to suppress your
'thoughts' on this subject? Dont be so melodramatic; I respect free speach,
and handling your drivel takes more time than analysis. I hardly need resort
to anything more radical than freshman level logical critique.

>The points I was trying to drive home, were
>
>1)This argument carries no water. It can be applied to any supreme being
>anywhere.


I stated that the existance of an undefined designer is the sole point to
the argument from design. ALL the argument from design is intended to do is
establish the existance of a nondefined creator. But, simply because this
designer is not defined, does not mean that it can logically be anything or
anyone. There are two categories of design; that which human beings are
capable of, and that which we are not capable of. If we see the second
category of designed objects, we must assume that there is a 'greater'
designer than us. This is especially true when one is speaking of naturally
ocuring design. Your point is in error.

>2) No religous belief, no matter how much you belive, has any more validity
>than another. None of them can be proven.

So, again, you truly cannot assert that SailorMoon did not create the
universe? You say yourself NONE of them can be proven! You are so full of
shit!

>This is why we need Faith.

We need faith because it is unseen, not because we can have no surety in the
matter.

> If
>you have Faith in your God or Gods, then reguardless of wheather you are
>right, whoever *is* in charge up there will reward you, at least that's
>what I belive.


You arent far off, IMO. Everyone will eventually be in Gods Holy Presence,
even Satan himself will one day repent and be welcomed home again. But why
do it the hard way by being a hard head? Why do you have to learn the
reality of what you disparage by burning in Hell for who knows how long? You
have the time and oportunity to learn now, why not take advantage of it? Is
sucking the 'Popes' dick that much fun for you? Heh!

>3) Forcing your beliefs on other people is stupid, because the other
>person's belief is just as valid as yours. Like I said, you can't prove
>either of them.


I am not FORCING my beliefs on anyone; I am merely expressing my pov. If you
cant handle it, dont go away whining; just go away. And I can indeed prove,
IMO, my beliefs to a reasonable degree to any reasonable person. Your
response to my post is ample demonstration of you not being a reasonable
person, IMO, of course. If they can provide reasonable evidence for what
they believe, then let them. It would be far better than you have done by
posting a sarcastic blasphemy, then whining that I'm 'forcing my beliefs' on
you when I defend my beliefs!

>and
>
>4) Ironically,despite the fact that the idea that Sailormoon is god is
>retarted (hence the JOKE) it is just as likely to be true as any other
>belief in God. You can't prove she is god, you can't prove she isen't god.


You are so incredibley stupid! Here are your claims from the paragraph
above:
1) belief that SailorMoon is the creator is 'retarted'.
2) but it is as likely as belief that it was anybody else.
3) But I, or presumably anyone else, cant prove that SailorMoon isnt the
creator!

HAHAHAHAHA! What imbecility! So if it cant be proven that SailorMoon isnt
the creator, then why is it so 'retarted', in your own inestimable opinion,
that Sailormoon isnt in fact the Creator? You are so out of mental
alignment, that you entangle yourself in your own assertions! This is
pathetic!
Wake up, Wyvern, whoever you are. You are speaking with utter disrespect
about things you are demonstrabley ignorant of. You are piling coals of
punishing fire on top of your own head, ignorant of the judgement that
awaits you. Why be so foolishly disrespectful about something you are so ign
orant of?

>And you can't prove Jehova is god either, and you can't anyone else's
>beliefs.

I can prove Jehovah is God, and I have no reason to prove anyone elses
beliefs, if that is what you meant to imply.

> You're as helpless in this eternal debate as all the rest of us
>mortals.

No, I have the Saints, Martyrs, and Prophets to assist me. But a person has
to be open minded enough to listen to them first, and grave enough to
seriously consider their message. You are short by both measures.

>You've got no proof, you've got no way of validating your claim.


This from a person who cant prove that SailorMoon isnt the Creator? I find
your opinion of little weight.

>All you have is your faith,as do the rest of us.

I have far more than that, but I wont waste my time trying to share it with
the likes of you. You are too close-minded.

> That should be enough for
>you. So quit forcing your faith on others.

I am not FORCING my beliefs on others, I am expressing my pov. Why is it,
btw, that when you slander, blaspheme, and lampoon my beliefs, that is
sarcasm; but when I defend my beliefs, that is 'forcing' my beliefs on
others? Pardon me, but YOU BROUGHT THE SUBJECT UP! No one forced you to post
your original peice of idiocy, no one is forcing you to respond to any of my
posts. So stop whining about me 'forcing' my beliefs on you or anyone else
when all I am doing is defending my beleifs from you assinine bashing.

>I personally belive that
>whatever god is out there,intentinally made herself  mystrious in order to
>test our fiath.

Why would any reasonable 'deity' do such a thing? And your 'faith' is merely
presumption anyway, according to you. It rests on no logic, evidence, or
assertion; so what the hell is there for some such senseless 'deity' to test
anyway?

>I also belive  that the many different fiaths of the world
>are all different interpretations of this being, who wants to see if we can
>belive in her, and get along with each other.

Why do you believe such a thing? Because it was on Sessamee Street? Because
bimbos get all googoo when you recite this to them? Because it simply makes
you feel better? You truly might as well believe in Sailor Moon as to
believe this assertion you make here.

> The many different religons
>throughout the world are intetinal, the result of this god manifesting
>herself in many different forms.

Please, define 'intetinal'.

>She wants to see if we have faith in her,
>and tolerance for each other, enough to belive in her without belittling
>another man who belives in another versian of her. That's the true test of
>the beliver.

Yeah, and my daughter believes in the Tooth Fairy, so what? It makes you
feel good, apparently, but, so what? Real-life Truth is usually unpleasant,
and hard; which makes me suspect your 'beliefs' are pure fantasy. They may
as well be anyway, since you readily concede that you cant possibley prove,
argue for, or even demonstrate the truth of your beliefs. So I ask again, SO
WHAT?

>That's what I belive, it's a theory I came up with based
>simply on my observatons about life.

Maybe you should smoke less pot.

> It may not be a gigantic religon with
>millions of belivers, but it's got the same validty.

No, it doesnt.

>I might be comptlely
>wrong and I can accept that.

One day, yes, you will. But, by then its too late.

>You might be compltly wrong too.

But I doubt it for many reasons, and you cant make the same claim at all.

>We might both
>be. We'll see.


Yes, we will. But Gods love is more powerful than your stubbornness, and one
day we will be both in complete agreement, wondering what all the fuss was
about.

>  So the bottom line of this all is, you should be trying to increase your
>own faith,not making someone else trade in his faith for yours.

My faith is resolute, it lacks nothing you are capable of providing it. And,
for the umpteenth time, I am merely defending my beliefs from your sarcastic
attack, and standing up for objective Truth. Where there is design, there
ABSOLUTELY must be a designer. No 'ifs', 'ands', or 'buts' about it!

>No I don't
>belive in your god, at least not in the same way you do.

You dont KNOW anything about anything you think you believe.

>I don't consider
>my life unfullfilled and hopeless and pointless just because I don't.

And drunken people are frequently unmindful of the fact that they are drunk.
Proving what?

>I
>have somoene who loves me, and even if something were to happen to her,
>though grief-stricken, I would carry on knowing that wherever she was now
>she still would love me.

I am happy for you on this matter. Does your love for this person motivate
you to be a little more honest about the Universe around you? Does it give
you any incentive at all to question whether these notions you have accepted
are completely worthless fantasy? Or is she leading you to this? If we damn
ourselves through ignorant willfullness, that is one thing, but when we lead
others to the same fate, that is diabolical.

>I'm happy with my beliefs, and I try to
>concentrate on that rather than being unhappy with someone else's.

So why did you post that cheap attempt to get laughs at the expense of those
things I believe, and that I hold dear? Like I wrote above, dont get
self-righteous about respecting my beliefs when you were the one who
attacked mine first.

>So if
>you belive in God, good. Sit down and shut up, and let other people belive
>in thiers.


I have no power to prevent people from believing whatever the hell they
want. I am defending my beliefs from your sarcastic bashing. And I will NOT
shut up about it either. If you have the right to attack my faith, I
certainly have the right to defend it.

>I think I've driven my point home, and judging from the size of this rant,
>I must have used a jackhammer to do so.

A jackhammer of muddled thoughts, speculation, unwarranted assumptions, and
gratuitous assertion. Hardly decisive.

>Please try not to miss the point
>of things in the future,

I never missed any point. The existance of design in any object proves the
existance of a designer of that object. The question is whether what we see
has design. I believe that the universe, life, and the humand soul show
design, and therefore, there IS an undefined creator.

>and to allow others thier beliefs.

Again, redundantly, I am not in any position to NOT allow anyone to believe
whatever the fuck they wish. This is simply a craven dodge by you. If you
cant handle the arguments I present, dont hide behind the skirt of universal
tolerance, especially since YOU STARTED IT in the first place!

>And no, I don't
>belive God is Sailormoon.


But you cant prove that, or anything you do believe in; so what does it
matter what you try to think?

>But good luck proving she isen't.
>
>(note: the last sentance was a joke)
>

Wyvern, one day you will learn that you cant make a baseless assertion and
then try to hide behind a claim of humor. You truly CANT prove that
SailorMoon isnt the Creator, because your muddle-headed system of beleifs
wont allow you to deny ANYTHING. You may have intended it as a joke, but THE
JOKE IS ONLY ON YOU!


RGlenCheek






