Message-ID: <38ecc7b0.237699083@news.primenet.com>
Subject: Re: Best Threesome?
Date: Thu, 06 Apr 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: lipski@gps.caltech.edu (John the Thorny)
References: <38eb3ccd.1200423390@mdnews.btv.ibm.com> <38EBF4F4.95E5A8D6@misleading.com> <38ec8eca.1286822000@mdnews.btv.ibm.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 607647658
X-Complaints-To: abuse@globalcenter.net
Organization: Caltech, but I am speaking for myself
X-Posted-By: @131.215.67.144 (platypus)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:7580 rec.games.computer.everquest:4787

On Thu, 06 Apr 2000 13:37:06 GMT, jalcock@NOSPAMwatson.ibm.com (John
Alcock) wrote:

>The problem I have with the Wood Elves (and I suppose most men reading
>this will think I'm nuts for saying so) is that their bosom is so
>INSANELY out of proportion with the rest of their bodies that I find
>them almost freakish-looking.  Not that ANY woman in EQ has even
>normal-sized, much less smallish, breasts.  Those female vendors in
>Freepot and Qeynos -- Good Lord, how do they WALK?

Heheheh...agreed on the WE bosoms. What makes the human female vendors
so busty isd the fact that they are wearing a bodice. Go to a
Renaissance Faire sometime and check out the costumed performers and
you'll see a bodice perform its magic.

But back to your original question...

I have had great luck in a three-person group composed of a shaman,
druid and warrior. Basically, a typical battle goes like this:

-- the shaman and druid buff and SoW the warrior...
-- the warrior pulls...
-- the druid drops a damage shield on the warrior and snares
   the mob...
-- if it's a "lengthy battle" mob (more than 30 seconds), the
   shaman and druid drop about four stackable DoTs on the mob.
   If it's a "short battle" mob, then the DoTs are replaced by
   DD's...
-- Mob dies and the warrior is healed.
-- Very short med time (sometimes none is needed) and you're on
   to your next pull.

Of course, not all battles are this straight-forward, but most are. If
things start to go bad, you have two people who can SoW and heal. A
single cleric can heal better, but the chances of getting a heal spell
off are improved when two people are throwing them. By the mid-30's the
Druid can teleport the group around and the shaman gets a nice pet that
becomes a second tank.

You could easily drop in a ranger in place of the warrior, but a warrior
would be optimal in this group, I think. Still, the ranger would add
Harmony at a reasonably low level (yes, the druid would get it sooner,
but the ranger, being the puller, benefits more from it if the druid is
hanging back with the shaman, waiting to welcome the mob into their
trap), as well as tracking, plus some nice low-level spells that rangers
get and druids don't (e.g. Glimpse, Feet Like Cat, etc.).

Also, from a questing perspective, you'd have two classes who need
class-specific armor (either totemic/crafted or totemic/runed), these
are generally fun quests that take you to all four corners of the world
and let you fight a great variety of mobs.

One concern is that if you all want to start from the same geographical
area (and it seems to be West Antonica/Qeynos?) this does not allow for
the most optimum race/class combinations in some cases. A barbarian
shaman is great, and a half-elf ranger is nice, but a half-elf druid is
pretty sucky in the early going; I'd rather have a human if I'm starting
from the Qeynos area, to tell you the truth. Optimally, you'd want a
woold-elf or halfling druid (WISdom is the name of the game, and
half-elves fail at it). If you can live with character separation until
level 5 or 6 (you'd probably have to with the barbarian shaman and
having to go through Blackburrow anyway), then have someone create a
wood-elf or halfling druid and run them over to Qeynos by level 5 (Camo
is not too reliable, but it does work to a reasonable extent to get you
through the tougher parts).

John
----



