Message-ID: <3918B677.16C7D859@red-star.net.hates.spam>
Subject: From the EQ Forum, re: Bankers on Kunark
Date: Wed, 10 May 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Kay Anders <kay@red-star.net.hates.spam>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 621369717
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@earthlink.net
X-Trace: newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net 957921030 216.174.21.122 (Tue, 09 May 2000 18:10:30 PDT)
Organization: Red Star Universe
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: kay@red-star.net.remove.this.part
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 09 May 2000 18:10:30 PDT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:9071 rec.games.computer.everquest:6610

Gordon posted on the Station boards:

"We did make a mistake however in putting guildmasters and bankers in
the outpost, as it gave a lot of people the impression that Kunark was
their new home and was a place that they would never have to leave. We
probably won't remove the guildmasters and bankers, but won't rule that
out completely just yet."

Maybe it *seems* like a mistake, but honestly, it wasn't--at least not
to us players.  I can see deciding the guildmasters weren't the best
idea (and I say that only because they don't have a complete range of
guildmasters there), but the bankers...?  Nope.  They work--and they're
needed.

There's a reason why the banks are the center of activity in so many
towns.  Here's three good ones, both RP and Gameplay related.

1 - (Gameplay)  If they want non-Iksars to come to the continent and
enjoy it, they need to have at *least* the bankers.  Otherwise, they'll
have people who won't play there because not only will they find
themselves destroying their copper every hour, but soon, their gold and
silver, too.  Since most mobs I've encountered don't drop full plat,
that's a lotta money to just throw away.  (Unless that's their idea of a
money sink. ;) )

2 - (Gameplay *and* RP)  Not to mention they'll have space- and
weight-concious people like me who'll avoid the continent because they
have no way of going to the bank to get out a fresh backpack of arrows,
or to get money to buy an item.  (And since three of my four main
characters are dark races, they're charged twice as much for basics, so
I have to run to the mainland once or twice a week and bank things like
bandages and arrow parts.)

3 - (RP)  If they have these outposts, they want to to attract explorers
and adventurers, and fighters to help clear out the wicked Sarnaks and
other lawn trash, so to speak.  Otherwise, Vie will be run over by
spiders--ewwww!  Not to mention, all these extra people will help with
the outposts' defense, should the Iksar or Sarnaks wish to attack.
Therefore, it makes sense to have some very simple basics there...
Merchants, docks--and bankers.

Gordon said, "It gave a lot of people the impression that Kunark was
their new home."  For me, it *is.*  My Shaman prefers the mainland
(she's not fond of islands of any kind, as Vie is), and most of other
characters have no desire to step foot on Kunark, but my DE Enchantress
is very happy there.  My tanks (a Troll and a DE) both enjoy it, too,
even if it's far away from any trainer and a reasonably priced arrow
merchant.  Each of them knows it's not their native land, and will never
truly welcome them...   But they enjoy the challenge of being there, of
carving out a new life for themselves, and of being a pioneer.

And I, the player, enjoy that, too.

I don't want to be forced to stay on Antonica.  I don't want to be
forced to choose between making a living and breaking new ground.  I
don't want to have to decide between carrying the wonderful sword I just
found, or deleting a backpack's worth of stuff because I don't have the
space or weight to carry them both.

I don't want to be forced to choose which of my current characters to
abandon because I have to make an Iksar to have Kunark as a home--or
home-away-from-home.

Take the guildmasters, but leave the merchants and bankers.  They are,
IMO, more important to viable (not easy--VIABLE) gameplay than the
merchants are.  Like I said, the banks are often the center of commerce
and social activity in any major city of Norrath--take that away, and
you take away more than just a convenience.

Kay Anders
Shortest Barbarian On The Block

(Crossposting between a.g.e. and r.g.c.e., and possibly to the Station
boards.)



