Message-ID: <8am23j$iad$1@bob.news.rcn.net>
Subject: The Lag has been much worse lately
Date: Tue, 14 Mar 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Graithe" <graithe@hotmail.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 597450431
X-Trace: ce04WJvgaY5bnCHOeLrgJL2Chp9pNw77PeMwxd+0FiA=
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: 14 Mar 2000 18:57:55 GMT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6700
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rcn.com
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:6717 rec.games.computer.everquest:3545

There are 2 types of LAG we have been experiencing a lot lately and I am
wondering if anyone knows why?

I play on the Tunare server (I use a cable modem), and of late the lag has
been getting really bad.  What is it exactly that causes an entire zone to
lag for over 20 seconds?  I have noticed it mostly in Unrest and also South
Karana, where we will be in a combat, and suddenly all the players will
vanish and I am left looking at the creatures we were fighting all swaying
around drunkenly.  After an indeterminate amount of time everyone pops back
in and starts fighting again - and you start seeing shouts about "LAG" and
similar things.  Note that during these lags I am talking about, my latency
is usually around 180-200 with 0 percent packet loss.

The second type of lag I receive is the type I would expect - I have been
seeing red spikes periodically on my "lag-o-meters" but usually nothing to
write home about.  Now I have seen over the last couple of times I have been
on, the escalating yellow-to-red death spiral - and yet I am not generally
disconnected when this happens.  Visually I seem to see most of what is
happening, just my message queue seems way behind the action.  I have gotten
disconnected a couple of times, but I generally don't disconnect much.

A couple of weeks ago I asked a question (which Brad responded to)
concerning server lag - ie do we expect to get general server lag by
expanding and putting more zones on.  The answer was no, because the servers
are in farms, and they will be adding new servers to the farms to support
RoK.  I guess I would like to rephrase the question somewhat - do we have a
bandwidth limitation on either the server pipe (can the "farm" keep dishing
out all the game information through the 100MB pipe for all the
connections?), or the pipe into the farms, that may cause us to see more
general server lag?

Graithe




