Message-ID: <387C636A.4874998@escape.ca>
Subject: Ideas for Improvement: Kerra Isle
Date: Wed, 12 Jan 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Canticle <canticle@escape.ca>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 571587944
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Trace: typhoon.mbnet.mb.ca 947675903 209.202.46.27 (Wed, 12 Jan 2000 05:18:23 CST)
Organization: MBnet Networking Inc.
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 12 Jan 2000 05:18:23 CST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:3589 rec.games.computer.everquest:341

Well, clearly Kerra Isle needs an overhaul, and NOT the kind of
treatment Paw or Kithicor got (short term, not very well implemented,
and doing nothing to relieve zone overcrowding...Paw was better handled
than Kithicor, though, so they are definitely on the right track).

The primary problem the design team seems to encounter in revamping zone
lies in their core approach to doing it: What do people NOT like about
it. Rather than concentrate on 'fixing' these things (which are really
NOT good indicators about why it's not visited...EVERYONE has a
different opinion about why a particular zone sucks, and not everyone's
gripe is going to be the same), they should simply approach the design
of the zone on it's STRENGTHS, not it's weaknesses.

Take Kerra Isle: Close to Erudin, where ALL Erudites have to start, and
all Erudites have certain basic requirements. So, the first step is make
Kerra Island an appealing place for Erudites to spend (witness the
colossal effort they spend getting to Blackburrow rather than Kerra
Island.

So, there's step one: Make it appeal to Erudites. They've already got
Erudite quests requiring Kerra Isle, leave those intact, but generally
speaking, the loot chews.

So, rather than make a LOT of generally appealing magic items, make some
that are ERUDITE only.

For example: Feathered Necklace-+2 Int, +1 Wis, +10 Mana. All hybrids
and spellcasters can use it, Erudite only. Feathered Headband- +3 Int,
+5 HP, Spellcasters only, Erudite only.

Immediately you create a desire to aquire items which at midlevel are
equal to the kinds of things midlevels hunt for (Blackburrows special
items), but which appeal DIRECTLY to the people who are closest to the
dungeon. 

Place those items on new spawns (Kerran Oracle, or Kerran Diviner) or
old spawns (Kerran Huntress) and it hardly matters, you've immediately
drawn at least SOME of the Erudites away from Blackburrow...not only is
the XP they get at Blackburrow available at Kerra Isle, but now items
which are MORE useful to them specifically (but NOT to everyone in
general, which would cause a reverse stampede TO Kerra Isle away from
Blackburrow) can be gained as well.

I guarantee this step alone would improve the zone a LOT.

However, there's definitely more to it than that...

Currently, the quests in place are fine, but they need to be designed
around the concept of keeping people in the Erud's Isle zones for more
than the brief hour it takes to aquire the item and get the reward.

Here's an example:

The Priests of Prexus, Lord of the Oceans and Waters, and incensed.
After a successful battle against a Kerran hunting expedition, wherein
five of the beasts were slain, one of the Priests of Prexus was found to
be missing. This is bad enough, except that he was carrying one of the
Relics of Prexus, the Waters Touched by Swims-Like-Fire. Only the
Kerrans could have done such a terrible thing. 

Getting to Kerra Isle, you fight your way through to the prisoner's
compound of Kerra Isle. The priest is nowhere to be found, however there
is a pile of bones (actual bones, a graphics patch [see below] has added
a few new details to the zone) near a chest. The chest is locked, and
requires a pick lock skill of at least 40 to open (enter a use for the
rogue). Inside, a human skin scroll and a few belongings that would
point to the Priest of Prexus [nothing valuable in and of itself. The
chest 'lockspawns' every half hour, and this will prevent chest
camping]. 

Reading the scroll, it's learned that the Priest is being taken by the
Kerrans to the main island, to a secret location where he will be slain,
and his blood on the sacred Kerran homeland used in a ritual to return
the main island to the possession of the Kerrans. There are co-ordinates
on the map, and inside is also a small glowing orb.

The scroll was clearly intended for the priest who will perform the
ritual. When the orb is used at the appropriate co-ordinates, it signals
the hidden Kerrans.

When the orb is used, several Kerrans, led by a Pridesman, spawn and
move towards the location. A battle will ensue, obviously. When the
Pridesman is killed, he mutters something to the effect of,"The battle
is not yet over, for the Priest is doomed". There is a key on the
corpse.

This signals the spawn of the Priest, on the skeleton side of the
Toxxulia forest. He shouts, ala Rugnupp,"By the waves of Prexus help
me!". Finding him is a matter of locating him in a small valley near the
entrance to Paineel...guarded by three more Pridesman. Freeing him
requires the use of the key off the first Pridesman.

When he is freed, he reveals that the Kerrans have spilled the holy
water into the lake near the Kerran village. Recovering it requires
using a specially prepared bottle. The bottle must be obtained from the
Priests of Prexus inside Erudin. He gives you a note to take to the
Paladins.

The bottle is a cakewalk, give the note, get the bottle. The intructions
seem fairly simple. Dive into the lake, use the bottle on the water, the
holy waters will fill the bottle. THis might not be technically possible
using the EQ engine, but there are several ways of accomplishing this.

Voila. Quest done. Return the bottle to the Paladins of Prexus, receive
a nice little Prexus related gift. Utilizes all three zones in the
Erud's Isle area, takes up lots of time, gives nice gifts, advances the
storyline.

Finally, and perhaps the most interesting aspect of it all...

Improved graphics. Brad's already stated that the art resources are
devoted to developing the expansion, which is understandable...however,
how much time can it take to tweak existing textures in a zone? Add a
little more to the palette, a little more detail to the skins, or maybe
alter the models and skins for ONE kind of creature. Then issue a patch.
Hell, do a 'graphics update' once a month on a single zone which may
only change a few key things. This can do WONDERS for keeping a zone
fresh...

Imagine heading into Surefall Glade and discovering all the new
translucenct effects they've added for water and how the trees seem that
much more detailed and alive. 

Or entering Runnyeye and seeing that it's become that much more slimy.

Kerra Isle could DEFINITELY benefit from some minor art
improvements...we already know that they are animating things like
clothes on the new monster models...why not give the Kerrans a bit of
that treatment? Dangling feathers for example. Toss in new water effects
for the zone, and maybe clean up a few of the textures (the
Necromancer's Island, for example).

Combined with all of the above, you have a whole new, MUCH more
appealing zone WITHOUT changing the level balance, or if absolutely
necessary, without changing the MOBs.

Any comments? Ideas? Criticisms?

Jeff-boy


