Message-ID: <RbmiRLAak1C5EweC@gaffe.demon.co.uk>
Subject: 20 Levels with Everquest (long)
Date: Sat, 29 Apr 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Dilettante <del@gaffe.demon.co.uk>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 617302722
X-NNTP-Posting-Host: gaffe.demon.co.uk:194.222.54.216
X-Trace: news.demon.co.uk 957045110 nnrp-11:29435 NO-IDENT gaffe.demon.co.uk:194.222.54.216
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
X-Complaints-To: abuse@demon.net
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:8634 rec.games.computer.everquest:6089


I just hit the magic 20 with my Rogue. That's about 20+ days played [1]
last time I checked, quite a bit, considering I pay by the hour. There's
been quite a few downers, but on the whole, I've had lots of fun. I've
also recently taken up an Enchanter, who requires a vastly different
(but pleasingly subtle) playing style.

It's true, you do get to meet all kinds of people and players in this
game. There's those who simply can't wait to power up the ranks and slay
dragons and gods, there's those who like to advance, but make sure they
take time out to go around smelling the flowers occasionally. There's
even those who would probably be happy perpetually stalking newbie
grounds with nothing more than a club and a grin.

Still, role-playing (I do like to ham it up occasionally), exploring,
questing, and the social interaction aside, you need to be good in
combat to really get anywhere in this game. As far as Internet and RPG
gaming is concerned, apart from a very brief stint with UO some time ago
and the ubiquitous Diablo, I graduated from the First Person Shooter and
Real Time Strategy schools of gaming. Comparatively the pace of EQ is
rather, sedate to say the least.

During my progression, I watched my fellow players like a hawk. Noted
what worked, and suffered what didn't. Learnt to tell the good players
from the bad players, and learnt to skim the message window for best
effect, with nearly everything still turned on. Reading the /shout and
/ooc channel, though as warned contained a lot of idiocy, blather and
penis waving, often gleaned extremely useful pieces of information and
tips. Again, phallus-flapping aside, this Newsgroup and the various web-
boards [2] have been utterly invaluable sources of information for me.

I don't feel like I'm stabbing around in the dark anymore.

However there's a couple of things that I'd like to at least get some
feedback on, if you have the time. You may bump into me someday, and I'd
hope you'd want me to at least have a vague clue as to what I should be
doing. In no particular order:

1. Selecting targets:

I'm not sure what on earth is happening when it comes to this. Clicking
on a mob to target/consider it, I often end up selecting some corpse
that's in the way, or end up inspecting a group member's equipment. It's
very frustrating sometimes. In melee, I find judicious use of Target
Nearest NPC a quick and easy way of selecting a straggler, or some mob
that's taken to me, but there must be an easier way. This rings
especially true as my Enchanter, desperately trying to target mobs from
a distance.

2. Use of /assist:

How exactly does this work? I've set it up to a hot key and learned to
use it after a fashion to concentrate on taking down mobs from a group,
but often the results go awry. I'll select the 'puller' or someone else
who looks like they need an assist, and hit my hot key. Oftentimes,
nothing will happen or it'll target some other group member, or some
bizarre thing off in the distance. Does it work by auto-attacking your
target's current target? Am I using it right?

3. Groups:

I'm a Rogue. I learnt quickly that I need groups. Despite the stigma I
find we suffer, once lucky enough to be accepted through curiosity,
generosity or desperation, I tend to impress the people with me with my
witty repartee. Either that or my back stab. Still, you learn quickly
about group culture, how to work as a team and how do squeeze every bit
of effectiveness from your new found friends. The whole is greater than
the sum of it's parts indeed. 

I'm sure you all have your own style which reflects your personality,
outlook and social skills when it comes to dealing with group members,
but any tips you can give would be appreciated.

If you can add anything else that'll help someone on the doorstep of
lowbiehood, I'd be grateful.

[1] I started my rogue a little while before the Evade patch.

[2] My oft-tipped cap is tipped again to the fine folks at the
Safehouse.

-- 
Dilettante "The 'I's have it!"



