Message-ID: <7uh7topn4@tines.hsc.fr>
Subject: AC vs EQ, the good and the bad
Date: Tue, 19 Oct 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: archer@hsc.fr (Vincent Archer)
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.asherons-call.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 538083783
X-Complaints-To: archer@hsc.fr
X-Trace: tines.hsc.fr 940319480 59108 127.0.0.1 (19 Oct 1999 07:51:20 GMT)
Organization: Usenet Canal Historique
NNTP-Posting-Date: 19 Oct 1999 07:51:20 GMT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,alt.games.asherons-call
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:3032 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:47443 alt.games.asherons-call:583

I admit it, I've been relaxing out of EQ and playing Asheron's Call beta
for a while (haven't pushed a character very high yet, will try to do so
before beta ends). Since AC will hit the stores early november, and thus
will *NOT* change in any significant manner before release, it is now
safe to make a meaningful comparison between both.

* where AC wins over EQ

- Outdoors. Now, you really have a sense of a world. If you tought that
  Norrath was huge, Dereth beats it down. I ran my ass off for 20mn, and
  found out on a A3 map that I had travelled 2cm on it...

  Gone is the clipping plane. A progressive "rough" replaces it, so you
  see up to the horizon, and see buildings and the like from afar.

- Zones. The zones are almost invisible. Ok, I got caught in portal storms,
  and notice the hiccups when zoning, but, except when you go into
  dungeons, the zoning is unnoticeable.

- Emotes. The capacity for emotes is there, and it's huge. Apart from the
  corny YMCA (yeech), you have everything to satisfy the roleplayer.
  (funny how Verant suddendly pops animations to go with text emotes...)

- Item diversity. There's an incredible diversity of items out there. So
  much that you probably will not have the "same equipment" as your
  fellow player next door. (I wish the icons were bigger & better looking,
  but that would clutter the interface too much).

- Skill system. It allows for a wide diversity (I picked a Blademaster, and
  dropped useless skills, and added Missile Defense instead. Other would
  add ranged attacks, or a minor in creature magic) of player profiles.

- Experience system. Yes, a level 1 Rabbit still gives you 10 XP, even at
  level 15! Of course, at that level, you'll need to slay 200,000 rabbits
  to go up a level, but who cares.

- Skill raises with use. I was sitting at a store, just shuffling among the
  armors there to pick up my next piece, and suddendly, colors everywhere,
  and I got a level (because I gained a skill point in Appraise Armor).
  That's minor stuff (except for combat skills, which rise consistently
  and fast on their own), but still useful.

- Roguish uses. Finally, some meaningful chests and doors to lockpick :)

- Player look. I haven't seen any character looking exactly like another.
  Color clothes, variety of equipment lead to a quick visual recognition.

* AC is tied with EQ

- Death penalties. Like EQ, you are hit with two different penalties upon
  dying, item loss (and subsequent corpse recovery) and XP penalty, in the
  form of Vitae loss. Damn, I wish the designers would stick with one
  single, uniform penalty - full corpse recovery, or xp/vitae loss.

- Hack'n Slash. No problem this way. EQ is hack'n slash, AC is hack'n
  slash, same way. With the attendent problems, like camping, killstealing
  (at least you usually get some xp out of any fight, from skill practice).

- Quests. What quests? You have the same "give me this and I'll reward you"
  and "take this, find X and give it to him" quests. Some are a bit more
  intricate... or so I have been said. Never seen any.

- Wall fighting. You are standing next to a wall, and suddendly a monster
  starts hitting you... from the other side of the wall! Well, AC wins a
  little: you can strike back (have done this, LOL)

* when AC loses to EQ

- Magic system. The concept looks initially interesting, but it's only that.
  If you're willing to endure the tedium of it, you can figure out all
  spells out by yourself. There's also only a moderate variety of spells,
  which only marginally look different.

- Monster AI. What AI? Monsters have a range (X% of the radar view). If
  you are in range, they go straight to you (and get stuck on a wall).
  I've seen that behaviour on the 2nd floor of a dungeon. Monsters in the
  1st floor would go straight to me... then figure out they couldn't get
  to me at all (because I wasn't on the same floor). If there is no straight
  line from where the monster is to you, you're safe.

- Lack of zone character. The areas look incredibly "same". Not much
  character to these.

- Lack of group support. The support for groups is the most primitive
  I have seen. A group is simply a bunch of people that share XP. To someone
  used to Everquest, AC gives a poor support.

- No banks. Enough said: you carry all your belongings and spare belongings
  on you. Not even a local bank. Mules everywhere.

- Kiting. It is ridiculously easy to kite. And, unlike EQ, where a kiter
  goes behind in skills, the XP you get from kiting can be invested into
  melee combat.

- No secure trade. None at all. You give an item to someone, that item
  is accepted, no confirm, no trade. "Foster player trust", my ass. That
  means a mediocre player economy at best - I'd rather sell the Gold plated
  Yari with Blooddrinker VI to a store, where I'll get my cash than to
  Joe Random player, who can run with it. If he wants it, he gets it (of
  course, that means cash disappear on each transaction, due to store markup).

- No instant identification. Tied with the fact that you have wildly varied
  clothing goes that fact that you cannot identify players. When Joe Random
  says "hi", you have to click on all players around to find out who Joe
  Random is. Despire the variety of looks, you still cannot recognise
  out of a crowd someone; the graphic view isn't rich enough to allow that.

- Camera movements. I get sometime dizzy from all the camera movements.
  The subjective view is unusable : it is really tied into the head position,
  and thus moves up, down and all the way. That's probably the most subjective
  negative point of AC.

* Overall conclusion.

I appreciated AC because it offers a refreshing change. But the bad parts
*far* outweight the good ones - for a casual gaming experience, AC wins. But
the lack of bank, lack of group support, the awful monster AI prevent it
from being a good game, let alone a game winner.

If asked by someone whether to pick EQ or AC to play, I'd consider the player
profile. A casual player that plays a few hours a week would probably
appreciate AC, for its solo-ability and sheer size. A steady, serious player
that plays an hour a day or so would probably get bored or frustrated by AC's
shortcomings quickly.

Maybe in six months, the profile will change. But there are things that cannot
be implemented, not without throwing everything down the drain. The magical
system is one, I doubt trading can be done easily, and the group support cannot
be done without redoing the whole user interface. Maybe in AC2...

* EverCall anyone?

Put Asheron's character and item system, EQ servers (without zoning) and AI,
and a mix of both user interfaces, and you have a game winner that would
siphon players fast from both games.

-- 
Vincent ARCHER  				Email: archer@frmug.org
