Message-ID: <8eqo08$gss$1@slb7.atl.mindspring.net>
Subject: Re: newbie advice
Date: Thu, 04 May 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Remus Shepherd <remus@netcom18.netcom.com>
References: <8epomh$doq$1@newsg2.svr.pol.co.uk> <8eqasm$emv$1@bob.news.rcn.net> <3910d3f1.22631998@news>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 618974048
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Newsgroups: alt.games.asherons-call,alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.asherons-call:21465 alt.games.everquest:8891 rec.games.computer.everquest:6368

In alt.games.asherons-call ndivert@home.com wrote:
> hahha Sure AC added in a new SWORD! One whole sword!!! Oh OH and a new
> town!! Good Gravy, EQ added in a whole new CONTINENT, new weapons, new
> race, serveral new servers etc etc.... 

   Um, the original poster misspoke -- AC added a new sword *type*, one
that does slashing/piercing damage.  The type of damage you do is 
important as monsters have armor that has strengths and vulnerabilities
to different damage types.  This is roughly equivalent to EQ giving all
of its classes a new weapon skill.

   And note that this is a typical *monthly* update for AC.  EQ has
added a new continent, true...after a year, and which players have to pay
for.  The new continent added with the previous three still make for a 
smaller world than AC has.

> Oh btw AC is very very chumpy,
> graphics are crap when compared to EQ, and you are restricted on
> race/class options 

   AC graphics are crap.  No doubt about it.  They're fine for what
they are, and are not bad enough to hinder gameplay, but they are by no
means eye candy.

   AC has no race options, effectively -- the three 'heritage types' are
nearly identical for all intents and purposes.  AC has *all* class options;
a skill based system allows you to design your own character class.

   The essential difference between EQ and AC is that EQ has a wider scope,
while AC allows more freedom.  In EQ you can run, swim, fly, and teleport...
but you can't go outside rectangular zones except at certain arbitrary 
boundaries that lead to other rectangular zones.  In AC you can only run...
but you can run anywhere, with no restrictions except the monsters in your
way.  EQ has spells that blast, buff, debuff, paralyze monsters, make players
invulnerable...an incredible variety, but parceled out in regulated ratios
and given to specific classes.  In AC you can only blast, buff and debuff...
but you can buff or debuff every skill and characteristic in the game,
using whatever strategy you desire.

   AC is more limited in scope than EQ.  But in the scope it was designed 
for, it plays very, very well.  EQ has a much wider scope, at a noticable 
cost in gameplay and quality of design.

   Both games get very, very repetitive after a while, unless you make your
own goals and/or get a group of players to adventure with on a regular basis.
In EQ it's easier to make your own goals as there are hundreds of quests to
accomplish, although all of them require combat.  AC has few quests...but 
gives you the option of making other goals, such as holding a picnic (tankards, mugs, dinner plates, etc. are all visible mesh models) or collecting a suit 
of clothing of specific cloth and color, or collecting weapons with certain
abilities (items in AC have random abilities ala Diablo, allowing for millions
of different weapons of each type as opposed to a few dozen weapons of each 
type in EQ.)

   As an avid EQ player I cancelled my account not directly because of the 
gameplay, nor because of any problems with the game itself; I became 
infuriated with the game creators' "vision" of the game and their inept
stewardship of the world.  After a peek behind the scenes whilst in the
guide program, I lost all confidence in EQ and Verant.  I'm playing AC now.
I might drop it when Diablo II comes out...but I've come to realize that 
not only does it stand up to EQ's quality on its own merits, it has a much
more benevolent and wise company at the reins.  (That's an extremely 
difficult statement for me to make about a game published by Microsoft, 
hating M$ as much as I do. :))

   It's all a question of what you like best.  If you have the money, I'd
suggest buying both games and trying them for the free month to make your
own decision.  Then sell the game you don't want on Ebay.  Win-win.  :)

...                                                                ...
Remus Shepherd   (remus@netcom.com)


