Message-ID: <86t6oa$2qr$1@nntp5.atl.mindspring.net>
Subject: Re: "THERE HAS BEEN NO CHANGE, INTENTIONAL OR OTHERWISE TO NECRO PETS"
Date: Fri, 28 Jan 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Pegasus" <spam@spam.com>
References: <86s4qq$trs$1@nntp8.atl.mindspring.net> <s93qlfftq0s52@news.supernews.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 578946377
X-Server-Date: 28 Jan 2000 22:55:06 GMT
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2314.1300
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:4434 rec.games.computer.everquest:1085

thor  Topic:   Gordan would you care to comment on your statements about
pets?
tsg_darth
Station Member   posted 01-28-2000 04:41 PM
----------------------------------------------------------------------------
----
Gordon,
OK, I will try and make this simple and to the point. I have just been
informed that mage pets are to receive weapons in order to resolve a bug
with duel wield. Here are my issues. I have heard, and understood the
reasoning behind just changing all the code and how it will effect ALL NPC'
s. Does this mean unless Necromancers give their pets weapons they will not
duel wield and double attack? The second problem lies in that obviously pets
are considered NPC's. With that said, will allowing the mage pets to duel
wield/ double attack with the attack delay of the weapons effect ALL NPC's?
I can just see it I am camping a gnome guard, someone else want the spawn
spot. They offer 50pp to a newbie gnome to go hand the guard a fs dagger and
a normal dagger so he will whoop my but and he can take over the spawn? I
understand these are not MAJOR concerns but they do worry me, not as much as
my next point does though. You have made comments regarding how Mage and
Necromancer pets make them unique. Mages can summon four different
elementals that have the ability to cast spells. Necromancers have the
ability to equip their pets and heal them. Well as for the healing that has
now been taken away with the addition of mage pet healing spells added in a
recent patch. So what are Necromancers left with? Equipping their pets? OK
this is a great unique characteristic to have. Well now that is being taken
away from us as well grr.. You have said yourself that class uniqueness is a
commodity. You are now taking that away from Necromancers whether it is to
fix a bug or not I find it unacceptable. Will Necromancer pets get to cast
fire based DD spells like a drybone skeleton or take the form of other
undead, like a mummy, specter, or even a lich at higher levels? Probably
not. Is this just going to be another scenario where we are going to have to
suck up and deal, or are there any plans to do something with Necromancer
pets that will once again make them unique? Please note I am not referring
to the differences to a mage or a necromancer as a whole, I am strictly
referring to the distinctness of our pets. Just to refresh your memory I
enclosed one of your previous statements and highlighted your critical
statements in bold face type. Care to comment?

Gordon and Necro Pets
Community News [ 11:15 PM PST ] - Alethal
Found this on the EverQuest Message Boards:


Why doesn't Verant enhance Necromancers with a variation of pets like Mages
have. Mages get four pets to choose from, each with unique abilities. This
is very conveniant to independance in the world, and also lends to being
desirable to a group. Now I am not saying that Mages are overpowered or
underpowered. And yes I am jealous that they get pets that look different,
and have different abilities. Why? It lets the Mage form a personality. Why
not give this ability to the Necromancer?
Though your ideas are certainly well thought out, this issue was actually
considered a while back. Magicians are supposed to be the master summoners.
That is why they get multiple pet types that can adapt to the situation at
hand. As I'm sure you will agree given your note about being jealous,
<b>class distinction is a commodity</b>, and the ability to summon different
pets is one commodity owned by the Magician. Not to mention, I shudder at
the idea of making Necro pets any more powerful.

<b>There is something that Necro's get, that's the ability to arm their
pets. </b>

-Gordon






