Message-ID: <38873CAE.EC5A027B@mindspring.com>
Subject: The new patch message is up.
Date: Thu, 20 Jan 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Marc Fuller <katoran@mindspring.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 575324423
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
X-Accept-Language: en,zh,ja
X-Server-Date: 20 Jan 2000 16:47:14 GMT
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Mime-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:4020 rec.games.computer.everquest:698

Well, the patch has started.  I've included the new patch message (please
forgive any potential mangeling inflicted by my Word Wrap setting.)  I've made a
few comments at the very bottom, if anyone cares.  :)


Begin patch text:
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
January 20th, 7:00am
--------------------

*Announcements*

The Plane of Sky is now open!!!  As a reminder to our customers, the alternate
planes of reality do not necessarily follow the same physical or ethereal rules
as Norrath proper.  Enjoy!

Today is patch day! The EverQuest servers have been patched with the following
changes:


*General Changes / Fixes*

- Some changes have been made to the exit of Nagafen's Lair into the Lavastorm
Mountains.  This will hopefully reduce if not solve the bug that causes people
to fall into lava when exiting Nagafen's Lair.  Please let us know how this
goes.

- Due to feedback received from the customers concerning the density of fog
during rainstorms, visibility has been increased.

- All drops of steel weapons have been replaced with higher quality fine-steel
weapons of the same type.  This change was made to reduce the amount of new
currency coming into the world at the mid-to-upper levels.  The fine-steel
weapons are in all cases superior to the steel weapons that were dropping, they
just sell to vendors for less money.

- Casting times have been implemented on several activatable items.   This was
done to correct issues that could arise from people chain-casting these items. 

- The safe-point (the point which you return if you fall below the world) in
Kithicor has been moved near the entrance to Rivervale, a safer part of the
zone.

- Corrected a bug that caused AC to be improperly displayed for higher level
  characters.  Your AC should now reflect all of your items.

Additional Bug Fixes:

- Corrected a bug in the client that could cause a crash if you were spammed
with emotes by someone on your /ignore list.
- Corrected a bug that allowed ships to move faster when disarmed
- Corrected a bug that caused the Aqualung to lose its charges if dropped on the
ground.
- Fire Giants in Nagafen's Lair should now recover properly when stuck in lava. 
Consider yourself warned.
- The Instill Doubt skill has been disabled on the PvP servers.


*Spell Changes*

- Shadow Vortex is now a "drain" spell.
- Siphon Strength will now stack with strength buffs and debuffs
- Panic the Dead cast and recast delays have been reduced.  In addition, the
spell is less resistable.
- Angstlich's Appalling Screech had its radius increased slightly.
- All Wizard AoE damage and stun spells have had their radius slightly increased
- Yonder will now interact better with levitate.
- Form of the Great Wolf had its speed component increased.
- Terrorize Animal had its casting time reduced and is less resistable.
- New magician's spells have been added.  Check your spell vendors.
- Reoccurring Amnesia has been made more effective.
- NPCs will now treat the "Cancel Magic" series of spells as hostile. 
Previously, NPCs did not mind if players dispelled all of their buffs before
attacking.  Now they will.
- The Fear and Charm series of spells now properly notify the caster when they
break.  No, seriously, we're certain this time. 
- Harmtouch now does more damage beginning at level 41.


*Levitation Changed*

Due to the implementation of casting times on activatable items, the code that
disallowed refreshing of the Levitation spell while it was active is no longer
necessary and has been backed out.  The Levitate spell may now be refreshed
while the spell is in use.  


*Quests and Items*

- The Armor of Ro should be more obtainable.  We will continue to evaluate and
adjust the rarity of other class-specific armor components to make the pieces
obtainable in a reasonable amount of time.

- We have changed the reward of a newbie quest in the Qeynos area from a level
49 scroll to a level 1 scroll.  The issuance of a level 49 scroll was a typo in
the quest data, allowing new characters to amass an abnormally large amount of
currency. 

- The stats on the reward for the Rogue Redemption quest have been increased to
make it better than the favorite dropped-weapon for the level range.

- Ravenscale boots will now drop as frequently as other Ravenscale items.

- The Mask of Deception may now be equipped by the appropriate races.


*Fletching Update*

All arrows created with the new Silver-Tipped Arrowhead (formerly the Bladed
Arrowhead) are now magical in nature, and may be used versus magical creatures. 
All existing items in your possession will automatically morph into the new
magical items.  Additionally, each successful attempt to create magical arrows
will yield 10 arrows instead of the previous 5.  As such, the vendor buy-back
value has been decreased accordingly.  


*Paw*

The difficulty of Paw has been decreased.  We found that many of the gnolls in
the new Paw had too many hitpoints, making the dungeon more difficult than it
should have been for the desired level target.  Please let us know how this
change affects the viability of the dungeon.


*The Plane of Fear*

The item-drop percentages in the Plane of Fear have been increased.  This change
was supposed to have occurred in the last patch, however the data was not
exported.  It has been tested and equipment drops are now occurring at a much
higher rate.


*The Plane of Hate*

The item-drop percentages on roaming and fast-spawning NPCs in the Plane of Hate
have been decreased.  Previously, these NPCs used the same drop-percentages as
the slow-spawning NPCs, causing overall drop percentages to be extremely high.

Also, the inhabitants of the Plane of Hate no longer fall for illusions, and
tend to "Hate" everyone. 


*Monk Enhancement*

A monk's speed in hand-to-hand combat will now improve with level, beginning in
the high 20s. This will result in higher level monks doing substantially more
damage in a given time-frame.  

Though this change does increase the power of the average monk, it should be
stressed that the monk is now even more in need of true tank classes who have
the ability to taunt upset creatures off them. We want to stress that the "taunt
factor" of a monks fist has NOT been increased, though it may appear so due to
your increased damage.


*Paladin/Shadowknight Enhancement*

Paladins and Shadowknights now have a higher hitpoints and higher skill caps on
Bash and Taunt.

The additional hitpoints will be noticeable for Paladins and SKs over level 25. 
This was done because the Paladins, SKs, and Rangers had the same HP base, which
upon further consideration is not compatible with our vision of those classes'
roles.  This change will basically put Paladin and SK HPs midway (in terms of
Hit Points) between rangers and warriors of the same race. 

The taunt skill was increased because SKs, and in particular, Paladins had
difficulty taunting opponents off of Rangers, Monks, Rogues, and Warriors due to
their lower damage output.  Though the Paladin and SK will never equal the
warrior in their ability to taunt, this change in addition to some of the
taunting spells should help them become more effective tanks. 

Bash was increased because Paladins typically aren't switching to two-handed
weapons, choosing instead to continue using the bash skill. Most warriors, being
ogres, trolls, or barbarians for the most part, do not worry about bash and
instead opt for slam, which uses the same skill. Paladins are typically the only
characters who use a shield throughout their lives.


*Rogue Enhancement*

Whenever a rogue is invisible, whether by spell, potion, or skill, they are now
also invisible to undead.  

This change was made to add a definite class-advantage to the rogue, allowing
them to do something that no other class could do.  It is the first step in a
multi-step process to improve the rogue class. 

*Wizard Enhancement*

Level 35 or above wizards will find that their spells (Magic, Cold, or Fire)
much less likely to be resisted.  This effect stacks with the Staff of Temperate
Flux and enchanter, shaman, and magician resistance debuffs.

This change was made to increase the effectiveness of wizards at about the level
that all spell-casting classes start seeing their resistance rates go up. 
Wizards specialize in direct magical damage. It makes sense that they should be
better at causing that damage than the other classes.  


*Bard Enhancement*

Bards will now receive the Meditate skill at 10th level.  This skill will be
granted automatically the first time a bard zones after reaching 10th level, and
cannot be trained further.  It will have the effect of decreasing the amount of
time that it takes a Bard to memorize their songs.  Previously, it would take
50th level bards upwards of 2 minutes to memorize a song.  Now it is much
faster.


*Druid Enhancement*

The skill cap on a Druid's tracking skill has been increased.  This change was
implemented based upon general public opinion that the former cap was far too
low for the skill to be even marginally viable.  


*Feign Death and Pets*

After a serious discussion regarding the Necromancer's Feign Death tactic, as
well as reviewing public opinion on the matter, we have implemented a change. 
As we would like everyone to understand why we feel this change was necessary,
here is a summary of the issue:

Problem: 
Feign death allows you to become an invalid target in all circumstances,
providing offensive tactics that are abusive.  For this ability to remain
balanced, the pet should follow the same rules as invisibility.  Offensive
tactics used by other classes involve the creature getting a saving throw verses
the effect.  Since creatures do NOT get a direct save verses feign death (as you
cast it on yourself), and since you can retry the combat once you have feigned
death, there is very little risk to necromancer himself.  As this tactic
involves charming an NPC and turning it against another NPC, which could be part
of the same spawn, it allows for Necromancers to solo MUCH bigger rooms than any
other class could.  This situation is well beyond what would preserve game
balance for any other class (soloing the Bloodthirsty Ghoul room and Ghoul Lord
room, for example). 

Example: 
While there are many examples of how the Necromancer Feign Death tactic is
abusive, one of the most egregious occurs in the Ghoul Lord room of Lower Guk. 
The room consists of 2 Bok Ghoul Guards and the Ghoul Lord himself.  Using the
current system, a level 50 Necro can easily solo the room at virtually no risk
to himself. The Necro can get into the room quite easily with Invis To Undead. 
To clear the room he uses Screaming Terror on one Bok and Charms the other. 
When the Ghoul Lord rushes him, he feigns.  The Lord then turns on the charmed
Bok and kills it, taking considerable damage during the fight.  The Necromancer
waits until the Ghoul Lord returns to its spawn point.  When the necromancer
gets back  up, he is in no danger of being attacked due to the way Feign Death
works now. He then charms the 2nd Bok and Feigns again.  The fight goes on and
the 2nd Bok is killed.  When the Necromancer gets back up he has a VERY wounded
Ghoul Lord AND nearly full mana.  The Lord is now an easy kill, and the Necro
collects his special items.

Solution: 
Ideally, Feign Death should work like Invisibility, where summoned pets suicide
and the charmed ones break Charm.  We do not want, however, to adversely affect
lower level Necromancers to such a large degree.  What we do recognize is the
need to prevent higher level Necro's from exploiting key spawn points.  Hence,
when you Feign Death, any charmed NPC will immediately break Charm.  However,
summoned NPCs (pets) will NOT be affected.  While this still allows the use of
the Feign Death tactic with your summoned pet, it does not imbalance the game
and many dungeon spawns to the degree that charming an NPC does. 


*Manastone Changed*

The players have raised many concerns about the power of the Manastone, which no
longer drops.  They cite that people without a Manastone are not as welcome in
expeditions to the outer planes and other areas as people with them.  Since
dropping additional Manastones via quest or removing them from the existing
populace is not desirable, we've decided to make it so that the Manastone will
no longer function in the alternate planes.  Furthermore, it will not function
in any of the zones included with the Kunark Expansion.

We apologize to those adversely affected by this change. Our general goal is to
avoid making changes to items in peoples' possession, however we felt this
change was, all things considered, warranted and for the benefit of the game as
a whole.


- The EverQuest Team


---------------------------------------------------------------------------
End of new patch text.


Well, it looks like the issue of Manastone efficiency/utility versus Modulating
Rods has just been rendered almost totally moot.  If you want to go to the
planes, you need a Rod, since the stones no longer work there at all.  I think
this was also probably done to return some kind of parity to those players who
weren't lucky enough to get the stone in the first place.

It is nice that they corrected the underlying bug for Levitate.  Now I just wish
they'd do something similar for they Eye of Zomm.  Yes, it's not the most useful
spell in the world.  But since Magicians can't use it at all when they have a
pet, which is most of the time, they may as well not even bother with it.  In
it's current form, the only use I've found for it is to scout out new areas of a
town from a position closer to the zone line, so that if I accidentally aggro a
merchant that hates me (Dark Elf Magician) I don't have to try and recover my
corpse from under them.

Lots of nice little additions and fixes overall.  Other than the Manastone and
Necro's Feign Death, there don't seem to be any visible negative changes
mentioned.  (Although I'm sure some Necros and Manastone owners will be
screaming about how nerfed they are for the next few months.)  Rogues being
invisible to normal creatures *and* undead is a nice boost.  Maybe they'll
actually go into Unrest now.

Marc Fuller


