Message-ID: <38961018.2113EB60@misleading.com>
Subject: Re: Should i buy this game?
Date: Mon, 31 Jan 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Morgan <morgana@misleading.com>
References: <87372e$1ub$1@news.smartworld.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 580085779
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@pacbell.net
X-Trace: nnrp1-w.snfc21.pbi.net 949358264 216.103.192.163 (Mon, 31 Jan 2000 14:37:44 PST)
Organization: UC Berkeley
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 31 Jan 2000 14:37:44 PST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:4554 rec.games.computer.everquest:1200

LoKK wrote:
> 
> i bought asheron's call a while ago and it's getting kinda boring now.
> 
> can anyone tell me how this game is better than asheron's call??
> 
> thanks,
> lokk

Well, for one, I am still playing it after eight months and I am not
bored yet. :)

I have no interest in AC, haven't tried it, didn't even download the
free beta.  So I can't give you a comparison, but I can tell you why
I like EQ. :)

It's a classic high fantasy RPG.  The character and monster graphics
are great.  The world has many interesting places to explore.

The 14 classes offer very different play styles.  Personally, I like
the Enchanter best because they have interesting tactical choices and 
generally useful spells.  I also like practicing trade skills, but that
is not for everyone. :)  Between the large number of races and the choice 
of faces for each race, you have a fair degree of control over what your 
character looks like.

At higher levels, the monsters you have to kill are much tougher than
you are, so it is necessary to cooperate in order to advance.  This is
done by grouping.  Grouping is implemented very well.  Experience is 
shared fairly, you have hotkeys to target your group members with spells,
and you have a chat channel for communication within your group.

As far as character advancement goes, level is everything.  You have
stats and skills, but they are mostly irrelevant compared to your level.
Good gear is also important, but there is a lot of competition for the
best items in the game.  This tends to bring out the worst in people, so
I don't bother with it myself.

Verant makes a huge effort to keep the game fair.  This means that if
there is some ability or tactic that is hugely powerful relative to the
rest of the game, they are likely to tone it down.  People who have been
enjoying that power tend to get upset when it is diminished, so they 
come here whining about nerfing.  They also whine about back door nerfing
if someone else is made more powerful, so you really can't win. ;)

Also, you are not allowed to take advantage of weaknesses in monster AI.  
For example, if you are on top of a building shooting arrows at a monster, 
the monster can't figure out how to get to you and isn't going to run 
away.  Verant tried to design the dungeons so that there are no situations 
like that, but they missed a few and you are just supposed to not use them.

-- 
Morgan

(crossposting all posts to rec.games.computer.everquest)


