Message-ID: <EC4F433D04931211.552BBB112A22BC82.B77E6E10BD6D65FD@library-proxy.airnews.net>
Subject: What I want
Date: Thu, 15 Apr 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: Dundee@NONONOTTHESPAM!.com (Dundee)
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.ultima.online.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 466600309
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Orig-Message-ID: <3718786a.2482327@news.airmail.net>
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
NNTP-Posting-Time: Thu Apr 15 00:24:25 1999
Organization: Airnews.net! at Internet America
NNTP-Proxy-Relay: library.airnews.net
Mime-Version: 1.0
Abuse-Reports-To: abuse at airmail.net to report improper postings
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.ultima.online,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.ultima.online:82633 alt.games.everquest:1345

I love quests.

Quests are great.  EQ has them and UO doesn't.  Sort of.

Actually EQ has then but it's sort of "bring me a widget from NPC X".

And UO may introduce quests but I get the feeling they'll be something
on the order of "save the blue npcs from the green npcs."

The thing is, I don't care.  All the NPCs could die and emote horrible
agony and I still wouldn't care.  They are NPCs and I don't *care*
what color they are.

What I like about UO is that I can meet a person - a *real* person -
that needs help.  Not someone roleplaying - pretending to need help -
but a totally lost and clueless newbie that needs a clue.  It could be
someone under attack - and if they lose, they lose a lot - and so they
need help (either before they lose everything, or after).  Or it could
just be someone with nothing to lose, because they have nothing.  In
which case they still need help - i.e. "How do I get rich like
everyone else?"

This has been lost as time goes by and there are fewer and fewer
newbies in UO, and more wealth.  "Well, I lost everything, but
fortunately I have a tailor mule and 100,000 gold in the bank with
nothing to buy..." or "Oh, you lost everything, have 10k".

In EQ there are few people to help and few ways to help people.
Rarely:  Help a person find their corpse.  Help a person with a
monster, and get accused of kill-stealing 99% of the time.  Help a
person learn how to make money?  Well... there's nothing to it, just
go kill stuff and sell whatever remains on the corpse.  And if you
can't figure that out on your own, then you should be playing with
anything powered by electricity, let alone EverQuest.

Nothing you do, in either game, ever, makes a difference in the world.


So-n-so needs a whatchamacallit.  And after you retrieve that, they
still need it.  Or in UO, they don't NEED anything, but they'll pay
you for stuff that they don't need, over and over and over, and when
they are done paying you for it, you just recall to a different shop
and start over.  And in an hour, go back, they'll pay you for it
again.

Still - I don't *care*.  I don't care what the NPCs need or want and
you don't either.  I could roleplay and pretend I cared, but that is
just so.... fake.

What do I want?

I envision UO2, because I want an online world, and not an online
game, and EQ, entertaining as it is (and it is entertaining, you EQ
haters - deal with it), is a game and not a world.  Says so right in
the book (you UO haters, deal with it).

The people come here to settle the world - and they do.  They
colonize.  They build.  They pacify a hostile land.  And it is
pacified.  They have houses that they built with their own hard work
and they live there, in peace - a peace that they fought for and won.


They enjoy that peace and celebrate the heros and mourn the dead that
caused it to happen.

Eventually they are threatened.  It doesn't matter by what.  NPC Mobs
or kewlios or "roleplaying evil persons" or whatever.  Their peace and
happiness and *success* is threatened.  It doesn't matter by what.

But the war does matter.  If they lose - they lose their peace and
life sucks.  If they win - they win their peace and life is good
again.  A break in the perpetual conflict.

Or even if they lose, that horrid evil-infested, ruined world is not
perpetual either.  They can pull themselves up from the ashes and
reclaim the peace they lost.

They can enjoy it, at least for a while.  Celebrate the heroes that
made it happen, and mourn the dead.

Or they can lose.  And suffer more dark times.  And mourn the heroes
they've lost.

But never quit.  Never die.  Never give up.  Because they know that a
little more work and effort and perseverance can bring back those good
times.

At least for a while.

Not to bring a widget to NPC-X because, we pretend, that NPC-X really
wants a widget, but to bring peace and happiness to real people that
really want peace and happiness.

I don't want to be a hero in an online game by dutifully serving and
protecting the NPCs in the online game.  I don't care about the NPCs.
I could pretend I care about the NPCs but that, by definition, is a
lie.

A Hero.  Even a virtual Hero because he's saved your virtual peace and
prosperity - which is to say, your REAL happiness.

That's a hero.

I want the opportunity to be a hero.

A real hero.

Or maybe I just want a virtual world in which I have the opportunity
for peace and happiness.  The opportunity to fight for it and defend
it and win it and enjoy it, at least for a while.

Maybe I'll let someone else be the hero and I'll celebrate him (or
her) as I enjoy the peace and prosperity they've won for me - I don't
know.

Doesn't matter.

But I'll know what I want when I see it.

***
Dundee * http://dundee.uong.com/


