Message-ID: <3768FD70.7CE20EB0@benchmark-systems.com>
Subject: Re: UO's victim complex - was: UO Players
Date: Thu, 17 Jun 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: Mark S <mark@benchmark-systems.com>
References: <7k67k7$1esg$2@newsfeeds.rpi.edu> <3766ddff.0@news.primary.net> <7k6pso$gdu$1@newsfeeds.rpi.edu> <3767D116.381CB4E6@benchmark-systems.com> <376878C7.1FBFB287@hotmail.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.ultima.online.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 490668796
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Priority: 3 (Normal)
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@remarQ.com
X-Trace: 929627384.861.83 LVSRCTSKI6F6DCCB1C qube-01.us-ca.remarq.com
Organization: Benchmark Systems
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 17 Jun 1999 13:49:44 GMT
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.ultima.online,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.ultima.online:97725 alt.games.everquest:2066

Seasons wrote:

> Just wanted to say something.
>
> Have you ever experienced having to work long nights to get enough
> money
> for the whatever gaget you saw while window shopping and the joy you
> had
> when you actually got it?

Certainly.  The difference is that was completely voluntary.  I made the
decision to work, to save, and to buy that item.  And yes, that is a
rewarding thing.   That is not what I consider a "hardship".

> Its the same reasoning. When much effort has been put in, the reward
> is
> correspondingly enjoyable. When the reward is taken away (PKS in this
> instance), the disappointment and anger is also correspondingly high.

> The hardships you seem to be talking about seem to be the journey to
> the
> perceived reward and thus it is not inconceivable that people do enjoy
>
> these "hardships" if they receive such a reward.

That's not what I mean.  I don't consider difficulties involved in
journeying towards by goal to be hardship, so long as I consider them
reasonable.  For example, I may be killed all day long by various and
sundry monsters as I strive to better my skills and abilities.  That is
fine.  I may spend long hours working on my character to develop him to
be what I envision him to be; again, fine.  I may spend my carefully
saved gold on a nice magic item only to lose it in a tough combat
situation.  Tough but fine.  Those are not hardships to me.  The journey
IS the reward in an open ended game like UO or EQ.

BUT, in all of the above cases, those setbacks happened b/c of decisions
that I made regarding my character's fate.  I chose to fight the
monsters, knowing it could mean my death.  I chose to invest my time
bettering my skills, knowing I could be doing something else.  I chose
to spend my virtual fortune on an item, knowing I could lose it.  The
negative results were consequences of my own actions; I have no problems
with that.

What I object to is "hardship" that I have no say over.  Random PK fits
that bill.  To me, that is like having my "rewarding journey"
carjacked.  Think of it within the bounds of your first paragraph.  You
work long nights to save enough money to afford some gadget you really
wanted, only to have that garget stolen from you 5 minutes after you got
it.  Now that's a hardship.

It's not PvP I don't like.  It's the complete randomness of PK
encounters that drive me nuts.  You may as well play a game that has
people killed by random lighting stirkes and earthquakes; it amounts to
the same thing (i.e a death you had no control over).

It's ironic, I love the idea of allowing full PvP because I think it can
be a fun part of roleplaying.  It wouldn't bother me to be killed by
another player so long as it had some in game sense.  If people want to
roleplay brigands, that's fine, so long as there appropriate
consequences for their actions and the playing field is level (i.e no
cheats and exploits to make such encounters one sided).  Brigands accost
travellers for their money and possession, occasionally killing some,
and in turn are hunted by posses and are know as wanted bandits (i.e.
can't go to town).  Family fueds.  Blood vendettas.  Political
assissinations.  Bar fights :-).  Even mini-wars.  Those type of things
are all good.  And yes, you can do this in UO (and to a lesser extent in
EQ).

BUT, the exploting, macro'ing, cheating, mule-using, random Player
Killers with stupid names and worse behavior ruins it.  Hell, I don't
consider such people to be "Players" at all (they are more like
anti-players).  Unfortunately, I have yet to see an workable method to
allow full Player-vs-Player without allowing Anti-Players to abuse it.
I'm sure it can be done, I just haven't seen it yet (in either UO or
EQ).

Mark S.


> In an unflattering way, you could compare this to training dogs :P
>





