Message-ID: <mOafOGylI7GJdlnL8JqVVoO=vpgO@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: We owe Verant an apology!
Date: Tue, 08 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
References: <87g308$sqb$1@bob.news.rcn.net> <3HYm4.1198$un2.8865@news.rdc2.mi.home.com> <9f_m4.28693$L4.51828575@rmnws01.ce.mediaone.net> <s9siam5rhse116@corp.supernews.com> <87mudf$r20$1@nnrp1.deja.com> <389F325F.23AE8A36@escape.ca>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 583144215
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 950005056 24.3.225.40 (Tue, 08 Feb 2000 02:17:36 PST)
Organization: The Electronic Tribe
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 08 Feb 2000 02:17:36 PST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:4874 rec.games.computer.everquest:1552

On Mon, 07 Feb 2000 15:00:15 -0600, Canticle <canticle@escape.ca>
wrote:

Actually if you take the time to, the best way to see how many
people are dissatisfied is in  ooc and what not in game. 
Anyone playing in Qeynos hills will chime in when you mention the
teleporting critter and zone bounce problems which have been in since
the beta. We  don't see a lot of the complaints. I hear people
complain in game all the time, and I found that  even many of the
people I talk to on irc don't even use newsgroups, they view them as
archaic things that old people use ( I am about 10  years older than
most of them.) They might post  on a certain  web board about
problems.  This is what companies like Verant count on, the  watering
down of the user community because it is  simply too big. If everquest
were played by  only 500 people, it would be  easy to  say "everyone
post stuff here" or everyone "make  their voice heard about  this.
But, if out of  a few hundred thousand players only 75 make  the same
complaint in  this newsgroup, it means nothing to them. 

That is the reason why Verant does not put REAL polls with  real
choices when you log on the game. They don't even want to be able to
show us  what we as a whole think, they want to keep it all watered
down and keep us seperated. We  will  never see a poll when  starting
up EQ like:

How do you  think camping and treasure should be handled?
1) I  like  it the  way it is now, hanging around one creature for 8
hours hoping it spawns and has the thing I want, fun!
2) I  want the game to be more  dynamic, have any X power of  creature
possibly drop X types of treasure, thereby ending camping and causing
players to kill more creatures they hardly touch like  hill giants..
thereby spreading them out more evenly. Good stuff might become more
rare, but it would be the same for everyone  which  would cause more
trading of the  good  stuff since anyone had equal chances. 
3)Id  like the game to be more dynamic  as  above, and for any
quest creature to spawn reasonably often say for armor. 
if  anything make the  class armor quests spawnable on demand, like
the langseax quest. Like the langseax make players need high faction.
Make  it hard or impossible for the class not doing the quest to get
the faction, i.e non paladin  classes can't get the erudin deepwater
knights faction even  high  enough to do the  lowest quest. 
4) I like the way treasure is now! make us  wait even longer in fact,
like 30 - 50 hours for some fairly okay item and only have the best on
the planes and be no drop like they are! Make  those  of  us  with no
lives who live  in the  basement have even more of an advantage!

Instead you see worthless polls like the one about  the halloween
events, worded as  vanilla as possible and in  a certain order:
What did you think of the halloween events?
1) i thought they  were ok!
2) i  thought they were great!
3) i did not partake  in these events!
4) I thought the events could have used improvement!

That is pretty much what that poll was like, as you could probably 
guess the first selection  ok (or whatever it was  ) was mostly
selected. Then of course Verant says "Most of you  were pleased! 
we  pat selves on back, yay!" In  fact even the WORST one was only
about slight improvement, in  which case they would have  said
something like "we agree these events could  have been  improved
slightly, thank you!" 
But none of the selections were strong enough  to tell what people
really thought. None were like " I loved this and had an orgasm!"
or "I  thought dumping level  35 npcs in a newbie  zone shows that
the network guys retarded 5 year old brother designed these events!"

Since they purposely don't offer anyway for their users to all come
together as one  voice, even we the users don't really know what  we
all think. That is  why they are building Kunark instead of fixing the
very buggy, very  broken and  unbalanced current  zones. Fixing the
very buggy and broken and unbalanced  and even  EMPTY and UNUSEABLE
current zones does not generate positive  PR and more user
subscriptions. In fact it might even generate less, it vocally shouts,
"we are finally fixing things our paying customers have been
complaining about for 9 months!" and "our severely broken game is
getting better!" Instead releasing a whole new continent is like
saying "we are doing so well we added more!" and "hey people who were
on the  fence, by Kunark and get the whole EQ and a new  area for the
same low price!"  It will add many more users and pacify current ones
in  one fell blow. 

In reality no matter what they say, no matter what we say, it just
comes  down to them making as much money as possible with EQ.
They are a company who wants to make a profit, as big as possible.
As such all they really want to do is keep enough existing  customers
around to continue to generate revenue and attract enough new ones to
take the place of those leaving. They are doing this and more, like UO
EQ is a very profitible game. 

>cohalloran@my-deja.com wrote:
>
>> Your reasoning is excessively flawed.  You reason that since there are
>> 170,000 subscribers and there are less than half of them complaining
>> that more than are happy.
>
>> The basic flaw is that you assume that all subscribers have the ability
>> (ie the knowledge) to complain.
Stuff cut
>*shrug*
>
>Your argument is equally flawed in that the people who aren't
>complaining may simply be enjoying the game and not taking the time to
>come to this forum to post their approval.
>
>I know at least 5 people in my guild who fall into this category, and
>who are more than happy with the way EverQuest is going. I have my
>complaints as do they, but they are relatively minor things compared to
>the overall enjoyment we get out of the game, and they are usually (with
>some exceptions) addressed very rapidly.



