Message-ID: <3883461E.24B2A6E0@pipeline.com>
Subject: Re: Encounter Tables: Just some thoughts...
Date: Mon, 17 Jan 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Gresh <gschmid@pipeline.com>
References: <3882E2CD.B0AE14A6@escape.ca>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 573799670
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
X-Server-Date: 17 Jan 2000 16:30:34 GMT
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Mime-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.everquest,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.everquest:548 alt.games.everquest:3871

>  the fortunate or those with 24/7 time devoted to EQ.
>
> Thoughts? Ideas?
>
> Jeff-boy

I wanted to add three things about spawns in EQ:

First, I suggested ages ago that there be an internally-stored "Quest List"
for each character.  It notes what quests you are on, and what quests you
have done.  When a "rare" NPC is killed, it loads quest items only if
someone in the party that killed it is currently doing that quest.  So no
more "paying well for an unlooted cyclops charm" or "selling the rights to
loot Grizzleknot hurry 4 minutes left".

Second, many people including myself have long suggested that Verant simply
randomize the rare spawn locations within an entire zone.  No more camping
the frenzied ghoul room.  You want him, go find him.  If he pops in the
gargoyle room and roams up the ladder and slaughters a bunch of players that
thought they were nice and safe in the assassin room, too bad.  Dungeons are
risky, hello again danger-induced adrenaline rush.  Verant has always been
opposed to doing this because their vision of dungeoning was groups working
their way through a dungeon towards "planned encounters".  Well, we've
always pointed out that no one actually PLAYS that way now and why not adapt
how things work to the way your players actually PLAY?  In an online game
played by a couple hundred thousand players, I think a designers vision has
to adapt at some point.

Third,  I've noticed that certain spawns are random within a radius in their
known spawn location.  An example is the death beetle in Sol B.  Sure, he
pops in the same room every time, but unlike the three other beetles there,
he or his placeholder can appear anywhere from the ramp going back up to the
nox tunnel to the mouth of the tunnel leading down to the lava and the imps
area.  Why is it randomized within a relatively small area?  I have no idea.

Qualm, Barbarian Shaman, E'ci



