Message-ID: <89jncm$e5m$1@nserve1.acs.ucalgary.ca>
Subject: Re: Everquest needs more creatures to hunt
Date: Wed, 01 Mar 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: potucek@acs1.acs.ucalgary.ca (Rudolf Potucek)
References: <38b861ca.0@news.pacifier.com> <sblo3lngjp25@news.supernews.com> <38bc2b72.0@news.pacifier.com> <38BC59FF.904807D1@misleading.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 591861690
Followup-To: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
X-Complaints-To: news@ucalgary.ca
X-Trace: nserve1.acs.ucalgary.ca 951935190 14518 136.159.34.221 (1 Mar 2000 18:26:30 GMT)
Organization: University of Calgary
NNTP-Posting-Date: 1 Mar 2000 18:26:30 GMT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:5992 rec.games.computer.everquest:2733

: > Yes actually, it take mes about 3 hours.   Half of that time would be
: > waiting for the boat.

Yep. Silly boats. If they allow us to use levitate to run across the 
water they should allow us to zone too!

: > SoW.  I played long enough to get from point A to point B directly without
: > all that silly "filler" space.  

I would not complain about that. I got lost too many times in new zones 
not to appreciate the roads. Plus they are generally populated with 
low-level MOBs (for the zone) so they are fairly safe!

: Of course, the trip normally takes all day, since I stop to chat, get
: Spirit of Wolf, cast Clarity, sell jewelry, save newbies, etc.

lol. how true

: > > Everquest isn't really tiny.  I think it suffers from lack of hunting areas.
: > > I will give credit to AC in that respect.  You could go along a road in AC
: > > and every minute or so there would be 2 or 3 camps of things.  There is LOTS
: > > to kill in AC, but unfortunately in Everquest, these things are limited to
: > > small areas of zones...
: > >
: > > Everquest doesn't need more zones, it needs more mobs.

: The problem isn't even that there aren't many things to kill.  The problem
: is that you run past tons of stuff that is too high or too low.  

I would say that also that silly attitude that with progessing to higher 
levels the MOBs get much stronger than the PCs Verant pretty much forces 
any group to camp. The sort of standard AD&D encounter mentality would 
kill in EQ because half of the players (i.e. all the hybrids) depend on 
being buffed AND having full mana to be effective. That means run into a 
MOB that gives experience (i.e. about same level) unprepared and die ...

Also, SK being the perfect example there are many monsters in EQ that are 
great to kill for soloing or small groups, e.g. calves in SK. But with 
the zone being so big, it is essentially impossible to hunt these 
creatures unless you have a ranger with you ... so just because the zone 
is big doesn't mean it's good. What good does a vast empty (in essence) 
space do you? SK again. By the time you reasonably get to SK you are 
about lvl 10-14. The monsters are manageable (cats) to non-aggro 
(elefants, centaurs) and so rare that you won't really hunt them. So 
really SK is just a loooong way for eveil characters to get to the low 
road and for everyone to get to the mid/high level zones of Paw and Rathe 
Mountains. A LOT of wasted space!

: > More or less, yes.  What's more it needs mobs able to reactively adjust to
: > the average player level on the server.  Unfortunately, it appears to not be
: > in Verant's best interests to let people do that.  In fact, it's not in
: > anybody's best interests - once you reach level 50 in EQ, your done.  Kunark
: > will expand this out to level 55 or lvl 60 (Yes, I know Aradune was level 60
: > on test server, but that doesn't really prove anything).

Yes it IS interesting how psychology works. I have hit the dead middle 
years (19-24 for SHM) where it takes ages to level unless you are 
suicidal and go to places like Cazic and where you are pretty much 
useless in a group because neither your DD nor healing spells can compete 
with those of the other classes anymore. But instead of saying THIS SUCKS 
and leaving for better hunting grouds like maybe AC or shadowbane or 
whatever I just sit it out. At the current rate another 3 months spent 
just seeing my spellbook for 2/3 of the time played. Perfect! Verant has 
made me an addict who is stupid enough to pay for no service <G>

: People will still crowd the few known places where mobs spawn either with
: nice loot or undefended for easy killing.  Where would you have the extra
: high level mobs spawn for the benefit of the high level players?  Would
: you flood the Ro desert with sand giants?  The Kithicor undead experiment
: was not terribly popular and didn't even interfere with hunting.

Look at Paineel though. The definition of a zone for verant seems to 
mainly be a concern of map size and average number of players in a zone. 
In Paineel they decided that there is NO problem in adding a newbie 'zone' 
as part of the city area. So why could you not just add some high level 
spawn points to other areas? Ro is actually an example where that IS the 
case with the spectres and the high level underwater dungeon. So the low 
levels keep away from the lake after seeing their first spectre and the 
spectres keep to the lake. So in one zone you have your lvl 14 madmen, 16 
Orcs, 18-20 crocs, 20+ deepwater pets, 30+ HGs, 35+ spectres ... and 
still with SoW and a bit of daring or skill a low level char can run 
through the zone to get from Grobb to Freeport ... 

I would sympathize with the original post that there are easy ways to 
revamp zones by adding camp-sites. And if they get overrun? THEN you can 
extend them to be a real, separate dungen zone.

Rudolf

--
The USA is so enormous, and so numerous are its schools, colleges and
religious seminaries, many devoted to special religious beliefs ranging
from the unorthodox to the dotty, that we can hardly wonder at its
yielding a more bounteous harvest of gobbledygook than the rest of the
world put together.
                -- Sir Peter Medawar


