Message-ID: <917579302.29828@isc.org>
Subject: RFD: rec.games.computer.everquest
Date: Fri, 29 Jan 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: Eric Penn <stupid@jps.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-news.announce.newgroups.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 438188351
Archive-Name: rec.games.computer.everquest
Approved: newgroups-request@isc.org
Followup-To: news.groups
Newsgroups: news.announce.newgroups,news.groups,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com news.announce.newgroups:10315 news.groups:136786 alt.games.everquest:802

                     REQUEST FOR DISCUSSION (RFD)
            unmoderated group rec.games.computer.everquest

This is a formal Request For Discussion (RFD) for the creation of the
worldwide unmoderated Usenet newsgroup
rec.games.computer.everquest.  This is not a Call for Votes (CFV); you
cannot vote at this time.  Procedural details are below.

Newsgroups line:
rec.games.computer.everquest	The Online RPG EverQuest.

RATIONALE: rec.games.computer.everquest

The creation of a big-eight newsgroup dedicated to a game seems to
have questionable value.  Games, by their very nature, tend to enjoy
only transient popularity; computer games even moreso.  Popularity for
a given computer game title typically will peak just after release,
maintain itself for several months, then quickly taper off.

Online multiplayer game forums tend not to follow this pattern.

Usenet, by its very nature, is a creature of the Internet.  One must
be a user of the internet to access online multiplayer games.  Thus
online gamers tend to utilize online resources such as usenet more
readily than a player of a typical computer game might.

Online gamers tend to be more fervent in their support of the games
which they play.  Online multiplayer games are open-ended, so players
do not "finish" the game and shelve it.  They continue to play for
extended periods of time.  As an example of this, there were over 125
new messages posted in the group rec.games.computer.ultima.online on
January 24, 1999.  Ultima Online was released to the public in
September, 1997.

Discussion of EverQuest is currently spread out amongst the
alt.games.everquest usenet group, the private usenet group
forum.everquest (served by news.avault.com), and a bevy of web-based
discussion forums.  The creation of a big-eight group would provide a
unified locale for discussion of this product.

The current group alt.games.everquest has a high level of traffic.
Due to the poor propagation of alt.* groups in general, it is
impossible to give exact numbers, but DejaNews reported 1309 postings
for the seven day period Jan 15 thru Jan 21, 1999.  Additionally, the
private group forum.everquest handles about 50 postings each day.  And
the number of daily postings made to the "general message board" at
www.eqvault.net is uncountable since the level of traffic there causes
messages to "roll off" the forum in less than a single day.

CHARTER: rec.games.computer.everquest

The purpose of this newsgroup shall be to establish and maintain a
forum for the open discussion of topics of interest to the players of
the internet-based massively multiplayer role playing game EverQuest.
The discussion is intended to include the sharing of information,
opinion, and ideas between players of EverQuest.Topics may include,
but are not limited to issues such as the following:

o General game questions
o Compatible hardware configurations
o Internet communications (lag) issues
o Character advice and suggestions
o Quest hints

The discussion shall specifically exclude any and all unsolicited
advertisement of products or services; posts containing large binary
attachments; material that cannot be considered to be of interest to
the EverQuest online community as a whole; and obvious flames, trolls,
or other messages of an abusive or combative nature designed to draw
readers into unproductive off-topic discussion.

Announcements of new products or services related to online gaming as
a whole will be tolerated in rec.games.computer.everquest.

rec.games.computer.everquest will not be moderated.

END CHARTER.

PROCEDURE:

This is a Request For Discussion (RFD), not a Call For Votes. In this
phase of the process, any potential problems with the proposed
newsgroups should be raised and resolved. The discussion period will
continue for a minimum of 21 days (starting from when the first RFD
for this proposal is posted to news.announce.newgroups), after which a
Call For Votes may be posted by a neutral vote taker if the discussion
warrants it. Please do not attempt to vote until this happens.

All discussion of this proposal should be posted to news.groups.

This RFD attempts to comply fully with the Usenet newsgroup creation
guidelines outlined in "How to Create a New Usenet Newsgroup" and "How
to Format and Submit a New Group Proposal". Please refer to these
documents (available in news.announce.newgroups) if you have any
questions about the process.

DISTRIBUTION:

This RFD has been posted to the following newsgroups:

  news.announce.newgroups, news.groups, alt.games.everquest
  forum.everquest

and the following web pages:

  http://www.eqvault.net/boards/general
  http://boards.stratics.com/eq/eqboard.html

and emailed to the owner of

  http://www.eqx.simplenet.com/

Proponent: Eric Penn <stupid@jps.net>


