Message-ID: <3882E2CD.B0AE14A6@escape.ca>
Subject: Encounter Tables: Just some thoughts...
Date: Mon, 17 Jan 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Canticle <canticle@escape.ca>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 573677699
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.everquest,alt.games.everquest
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.everquest:561 alt.games.everquest:3888

This first part, most folks may want to skip over unless you're new to
EQ or you're unfamiliar with RPGs in general. Some of this may also be
considered spoiler information.

Right now, in EQ, there is a rather sizable issue with how creatures
spawn. People complain that certain NPCs or creatures don't spawn
enough, or when they do spawn, they don't always spawn with the item
they want. How and why a creature spawns is usually determined by an
Encounter Table of some kind. Just what is an encounter table?

In the paper RPGs, Encounter Tables are usually set up to ease the job
of the game master in creating encounters. A party is wandering through
the Kingdom of Noober, so the GM will check the encounter table for the
Kingdom of Noober, which looks like this:

Die Roll		Encounter
1-3			No encounter
4-5			12 Evil Dorklings
6			King Noober
7-8			24 Evil Dorklings, and a partridge
9-10			Great Dorkling of Darkness

It's a fairly simple concept, and EQ uses a version of this to generate
nearly ALL of the encounters in the game, with some variances.

EQ has spawn points, where creatures appear. What those creatures are is
usually called a spawn table by most folks on the newsgroup (and I
wouldn't doubt it's used interally as well). Since the data on these
tables is in EQs hands, this involves speculation, but it is speculation
based on playing the game since 3rd phase beta.

EQ has 3 basic kinds of spawn tables, and it's one of those kinds that
causes all the problems. Static Spawn, Random Spawn, and Unique Spawn.
One note about spawn points...they have two basic settings. Roving and
Non Roving. A roving spawn point creates creatures at a single point,
and those creatures then wander the zone. A non roving spawn point has
its creatures stay put. Generally speaking, ALL spawn points have a
regeneration time. When the spawn from a point is killed, a set period
of time has to pass before another creature is generated.

Static is familiar to everyone: Go to point A, and there is a Gnoll
Watcher. Without fail, every time. Kill it, and a few minutes later,
another Gnoll Watcher is there. This generally causes few, if any
problems, except in cases where the Static Spawn is clearly the kind
that people constantly, consistently want to kill, which can lead to
camping.

Random is a little different. Same spawn point, but it uses an encounter
table. Using the Qeynos Sewers as an example, I have pretty much worked
out the theoretical spawn table for Cubert (a rare spawn for a quest in
the sewers). The spawn point where he appears probably looks something
like this.

'Roll' (this could also be a percentage)	Creature Spawned
1-2						Gelatinous Cube
3-4						Mangy Rat
5-6						Sewer Rat
7-8						Gelatinous Cube
9						Cubert
10						Beggar

As you can see, if you're standing at that particular spawn point.
SOMETHING will always show up reliably, but there's no guarantee of what
it is, and it's not always reliable WHEN it will show up (every 10
minutes for example). 

The unique spawns are usually the source of the most controversy. A
unique spawn is just that. A singular creature which shows up once in a
VERY great while, and generally provides some great benefit to people,
usually resulting in its instant demise the moment its spotted. Najena
was a good example of this, as is Madden in the Qeynos Hills. This kind
of spawn generates the most controversy for SEVERAL reasons:

1) They show up once in a blue moon. Many of these spawns have a
regeneration time measured in HOURS, and if rumour is to be believed,
DAYS in some cases (Lord Elgnub). That means that if the spawn is
something required for a quest, or creates a popular item, it will take
dozens of hours of time investment in the HOPE that you may see it. If
you don't know the exact spawn point, you're usually right out of luck
because someone else DOES, and is camping meters away from that spot.

2) They are almost ALWAYS needed by multiple people for multiple
reasons. Character A may need the guy for a quest. Character B wants to
kill it for his Gigantic Zweihander. If Character B kills the spawn,
Character A is COMPLETELY out of luck, whereas if Character A finds it
first, Character B still gets what he wants. Generally speaking, this
creates a LOT of problems for a lot of people.

3) Waiting sucks. The spawn time itself is a source of great
controversy, and rightfully so. Many of these unique spawns are hours
between appearances, and 90% of the people playing EQ, generally
speaking, do NOT have 5-6 hours to waste in a day waiting for a creature
in a game to make a brief, short lived, and tragic appearance. 

There IS a solution to ALL of the above problems. It's not the removal
of the spawn, or reducing the regeneration time to seconds, it's a
little more elegant than that, something I call Tied Spawns.

These are already used in RARE cases in the game. The Strongbear Bracers
Quest is a perfect example though. After speaking to a particular NPC, a
creature spawns.

Rather than tying the appearance of a spawn to speaking to a particular
NPC, however, you can use several triggers. Clearly, to prevent
'farming', tied spawns have to be somewhat difficult to reproduce, to
preserve the challenge, but the quest leading up to the generation of a
spawn can GREATLY reduce all the aforementioned problems. Here's an
example to illustrate, using a fictitious NPC, King Sarnix, an uber rare
spawn in Blackburrow.

Before you can even HOPE to HEAR about King Sarnix, you have to have
amazing faction with the Qeynos Guards. One of the guards, if your
faction is high enough, will casually mention that one such as you may
wish to 'challenge King Sarnix', or something to that effect. If you hit
the keywords, he sends you to speak with Strongbear at the Qeynos
Fields. He gives you the keywords you need to give to Strongbear.
Speaking with Strongbear using the keywords, he tells you that in order
to prove your ability to challenge Sarnix, you have to bring him X. X
will be a suitable number of items from creatures of a level just below
Sarnix's. This measure will prevent easy 'farming' of King Sarnix as a
spawn. Once you bring back these items (for example, 2 Gnoll Paws [from
Gnoll Shamans], a Spiked Collar [from an Elite Guard] and an Onyx
Earring [from a Commander]), he gives you a Bounty Notice [Lore]. He
tells you to return with the Notice and Sarnix's head. This item is the
key. When the character holding that item enters a specific spot (one he
is directed to by Strongbear) in Blackburrow, Sarnix spawns. Sarnix
himself is the typical 'rare, unique spawn'. He has an excellent unique
weapon. He gives good XP. And the reward for returning Sarnix's head is
fairly decent as well. The item of course is Lore, No Drop, so once
you've got it from Sarnix, no trade, no sale, item farming it is really
not going to be beneficial. There are kinks that need to be worked out,
but is it really worse than what exists now?

The benefits to this? No longer are the amazing unique spawns confined
only to the fortunate or those with 24/7 time devoted to EQ.

Thoughts? Ideas?

Jeff-boy


