Message-ID: <37167848.283966813@netnews.upenn.edu>
Subject: Re: What I want
Date: Thu, 15 Apr 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: Drasten@L.S
References: <EC4F433D04931211.552BBB112A22BC82.B77E6E10BD6D65FD@library-proxy.airnews.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.ultima.online.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 466609133
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Organization: University of Pennsylvania
Mime-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.ultima.online,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.ultima.online:82465 alt.games.everquest:1326

On Thu, 15 Apr 1999 05:26:22 GMT, Dundee@NONONOTTHESPAM!.com (Dundee)
wrote:

[snipped most of it, because I agree 100%)

Great post Dundee.  I'm sure this one will get a whole bunch of
responses... ya know, something new and different for ya. ;-P
Although I hold you entirely responsible for keeping me up until 2am
working on this reply.

>Nothing you do, in either game, ever, makes a difference in the world.

On a grand scale?  No, you're right.  Nothing makes a difference,
really.  Even during the FoA debacle in UO, no one ever felt that
anything was ever truly threatened (except those fearing a housing
wipe =) ).  But helping a newbie in UO does make a difference, if only
for a few people.   I think that's why both of us (as did many others)
devoted almost all our time to helping newbies or fighting against
those who ruined another person's day.  I often liked to think that
for every newbie I helped, they in turn help someone else, etc, etc.
Yes, that happens, but the jerkdom often seems like a wave that cannot
be held back.

In EQ quests effect faction standing, so they change your position in
the world, as opposed to changing the world itself.   The woman who
wanted you to take X to Y views you more favorably, but that's about
it.   I enjoy the quests, but I don't get the same feeling I get from
helping newbies.  Perhaps I should have just stopped fighting back,
and instead focused just on helping newbies learn how to chop a tree
for logs.  *shrugs*

Yes, I don't care for npcs... I roleplay that I do.  I've attacked
people for harming npcs, but I usually give them fair warning before I
do so.   My good guy theif had a policy to steal from npc nobles,
seekers of adventure, and wealthy mages.   He gave about 10-50% of
each pile of gold to npc beggars, gypsies, and peasants (or even the
poor UO player).

In EQ I talk to the npcs, but you're right.  In both games it feels
so....fake.

>They enjoy that peace and celebrate the heros and mourn the dead that
>caused it to happen.

I can honestly say that my best times in UO were not when I was
fighting for a cause, but when I was drinking in a player-run tavern
with friends.

>Eventually they are threatened.  It doesn't matter by what.  NPC Mobs
>or kewlios or "roleplaying evil persons" or whatever.  Their peace and
>happiness and *success* is threatened.  It doesn't matter by what.

But who are the "they" Dundee?   PCs?  Well, I don't think it would
work, sadly.   Too many heroes and not enough plebeians.  Yes, some
people will want to be the butchers, the bakers, the candlestickmakers
*grins*, but far more will want to be heroes.  

This is part of the problem the ME creators are facing- the land is
not supposed to have hundreds of heroes in it, but it will, just as
soon as it hits the storeshelves (two years from now? *sigh*).

>But never quit.  Never die.  Never give up.  Because they know that a
>little more work and effort and perseverance can bring back those good
>times.
>
>At least for a while.

What is it that Mir always said?   Something about the world being
temporal.  That's not the word he used (blanking on it right now), but
it has the same meaning.  Friends we have had for years will
dissappear suddenly, perhaps for months at a time... perhaps never to
return.  Yes, it happens rarely, but it happens, given the nature of
the beast called online gaming.   I still keep in touch with many of
them, but it's different because I don't see the inch tall collection
of pixels that I seemed to know so well.

People claim that UO was a great social failure, but I don't see it as
such.   The jerks kept it from being all it could be, true, but think
of the things we have gained.   I've made very good friends in HaN,
TNO, and many many other guilds that I still keep in touch with over
icq.   Some of them I see in EQ, others in icqs, and others in emails.
I miss seeing the sprites, but that's all they were.   The great
social experiement that was Ultima Online succeeded in making a web of
friendships regardless of locale.  It failed in that the world was far
from perfect, but I doubt any of us truly expected it to be.

>Not to bring a widget to NPC-X because, we pretend, that NPC-X really
>wants a widget, but to bring peace and happiness to real people that
>really want peace and happiness.

Maybe on Jack's shard, if we get the word out =)   But it also sounds
like you want to go play D&D (maybe with a skill based system),
because any good DM could make npcs with real hopes and dreams.
Create worlds that have real problems that only a hero can fix.

>I don't want to be a hero in an online game by dutifully serving and
>protecting the NPCs in the online game.  I don't care about the NPCs.
>I could pretend I care about the NPCs but that, by definition, is a
>lie.
>
>A Hero.  Even a virtual Hero because he's saved your virtual peace and
>prosperity - which is to say, your REAL happiness.
>
>That's a hero.

You and your guild allowed me to recapture the joy of UO that faded
for me on Atlantic back in the old dread/anti days.  After I thought
I'd never come back, I came back for... 8 months is it now?  Eight
months of happiness, certainly, despite some of UO's problems.  

"Did you ever know that you're my hero?" or however that song goes =P
Well, perhaps not a hero, but you played a good part in making my UO
experience more enjoyable, even though we never got to adventure as
much as we wanted.  So if you want to call yourself a hero, I won't
stop you.   Sounds a hell of a lot better than Lord Mayor *grins*

>I want the opportunity to be a hero.
>
>A real hero.

A real hero?  Become a fireman, a policeman, an educator.  We want to
*play* heroes, but *real* heroes won't be found in a game, unless they
are taking a break from the real world.

I do know what you mean though.   There's not much pay for a
dragonslayer these days.

-Drasten, TNO


