Message-ID: <sakba4m32pd120@news.supernews.com>
Subject: Re: Dispelling a Few Myths About the UCITA (was Latest on legislation directly afffecting you as a software consumer)
Date: Tue, 15 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Bill Van Fleet" <bvfleet@wt.net>
References: <u4Gp4.23768$Nv1.2357524@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com> <QX0q4.5884$Zp1.176707@newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net> <247q4.25494$Nv1.2528916@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com> <E8kq4.25660$S71.183519@newsread2.prod.itd.earthlink.net> <38a9d617.17740622@news.mindspring.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 586385540
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:5283 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:50587 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic:95597

[Big Snip]

> >If you have more information regarding how any company could possibly
take
> >legal action against someone who publically states an opinion, i.e. that
the
> >software is "shit", please show me where it is. The article you cite
doesn't
> >go into that aspect of it and frankly I have a hard time believing it.
But,
> >my mind is open.
> >
> >A. X. H.
> >
>
> Please refer to the following web page as the information is too
> lengthy to repost here.
> http://www.nclc.org/ucita/press_memo.html

    A software company could, but probably won't, try to take action about
such an opinion under the UCITA.  But so much has been posted here about the
Act that is premised upon faulty information I think it would be useful (for
those who haven't bothered to actually read up on what the Act actually
says) to dispel some of the most controversial myths.

    1.    The Act does NOT preclude individuals from expressing their
opinions about any software.  Instead, the vice inherent in the Act (and the
one giving rise to this bogeyman) is that it allows software companies to
bind purchasers to the terms of the software license once the individual
slides the CD Rom in the drive.  For example, the Act would permit software
companies to validly claim that the purchaser agreed to all terms of its
software license simply by taking the wrapper off the box (or by clicking
"yes" on the infernal--and interminable--box detailing the license
agreement).  Theoretically, then, software companies could write into their
license agreements such terms as "Licensee agrees that he/she shall not
express any negative opinion concerning the software in any public forum
without first obtaining the express written consent of the Company."  And by
clicking on the "yes" button on the license box (like who reads those damn
things anyway?), BINGO!--the purchaser has now contractually waived his
First Amendment rights with respect to the software.  Don't laugh folks--has
anybody ever read the license agreement for Microsoft Word?  I have, and
there is actually a specific clause in there stating (I quote verbatim now)
"Licensee agrees not to use the software for any immoral purpose."  (There
goes my sex novel . . . .)  So, the bottom line is that the Act would
sanction as valid contracts licensing agreements that purchasers would be
very unlikely (or perhaps unable) to read prior to purchase.

    This does not mean, however, that courts would uniformly uphold such
provisions as the one illustrated above limiting free speech rights.  In
fact, I would hazard the guess that courts would just about uniformly hold
these types of clauses invalid and void against public policy.  The Act
itself states that no license provision which violates any fundamental
policy of any state or the federal system will be enforced, and I can't
think of one more fundamental than the First Amendment.  So I really don't
think that the bogeyman of waiving First Amendment rights will actually ever
raise its ugly head.

    And by the way, as some of the posters have correctly pointed out, the
First Amendment guarantees apply only to restrict the federal and state
governments, not private individuals or corporations.  Just ask John Rocker.

    2.    The American Bar Association has NOT endorsed the UCITA.  To the
contrary, the ABA's consumer law section has been very vocal in its
opposition to the Act (as have Professor Lessig and a host of other legal
luminaries).

    3.    The UCITA does NOT apply nationwide.  It must be adopted (if at
all) on a state-by-state basis.  As of last Friday, only five states
(Hawaii, Illinois, Oklahoma, Maryland and Virginia) are even considering
adoption of the Act, and none have done so yet (so you folks in those states
better write your state legislators).  There is no indication at present
that Congress has any intention of adopting a federal version of the Act
(and I very seriously doubt that Congress ever will).

    There are a host of reasons--much more viable and realistic than the
myths spread in the group lately--why the Act is really bad law.  Take for
example the Act's provision sanctioning venue provisions in the licensing
agreement that no consumer ever reads--the clause that says that if you ever
want to take legal action against the software company for putting out a bad
product, you can only sue the company in its home state and county (like I'm
really going to spend my time and bucks suing in Oregon over the buggy
software I bought in Houston).  And there are a ton more awful provisions in
the Act (like the ones that actually retrench common consumer rights already
available in most, if not all, states).  For more detailed information I'd
recommend visiting http://www.badsoftware.com/uccindex.htm (for both pros
and cons).

    Like I said, folks, IMHO the Act is the real wrong law at the real wrong
time.  So exercise your rights (and power) as citizens and make sure you
write or e-mail your state legislators if and when they decide to take up
the Act and tell them what you think.

    Bill




