Message-ID: <38d10a1b.16709477@news.akl.ihug.co.nz>
Subject: Re: On the play nice policy
Date: Thu, 16 Mar 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: twilight@REMOVETHIS.ihug.co.nz (Twilight)
References: <20000313220558.01942.00004544@ng-dc1.aol.com> <38cf4836.10109594@news.akl.ihug.co.nz> <38CF537B.35E68C94@escape.ca>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 598350878
Organization: The Internet Group Ltd
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:6854 rec.games.computer.everquest:3706



>
>And if a group breaks a spawn, they've already hit the spawn once. If
>they want to camp it, they can come to arrangements with the next folks
>that come along. Off hand, I can't think of any spawns where this 'Play
>Nice' policy is going to 'punish' someone who is playing nice. When I or
>my group or guild is at a spawn, we always come to arrangements with
>folks. Myself, I usually move on because I don't like camping, but our
>guild policy is pretty much identical to the Verant one. We always talk
>things over before deciding 'we were here first so go to hell'.

that always a good idea to talk things over and i know the majority of
players do not even think or ( dare ) try something along the lines
like this. But as you know, there will always been morons. Who will
walk in sit down and then announce Next spawn is mine, You try KS i
will petition and get you banned. If this was pvp than hey problem
solved. then again PvP have their own porblems with corpse camping
etc.

>If this policy works, maybe they can get around to increasing the rare
>drops so they aren't so rare.

But i have little faith in them actually seeing it that way. I mean if
it reduces the camping they wont increase the drop rate. And that
seems to be the point of the new policy. As for the hit the named
spawn once, thats unlikely give the nature of rare spawns, rare loot
on the rare spawn idea
>
>The Planes, however, could be problematic, on that I agree. I don't have
>any experience with them so I'd have to defer to those who do.
>
Plane breakins are ugly. I will use PoH , You invis in and gate in (
250 pp gate gem ) u then make a run for a safe point and hope they
dont see you. If not u get your loc and die. U gate in multiple Sks or
better monks to slowly drag yer corpse to the safe point for res. On
average a well organised team of say 24 ppl with a fair amount of luck
will take about 2 hours. Maybe less if they are real good, more if
unlucky with the deaths. total amount spent? anything from 3-6 gems.
about 1.k. Probably half the groups will die. 

Now PoH isnt as susceptible to small groups of players waltzing in to
claim a share of spawns. the run in solves that. Pof otoh is. after
you clear the portal area, using a run in invised method, ( the same
results occurs , half the groups die  depending on luck and abit of
familiarity  etc, monk/sk pulls them and resses,grp med up and begin
clearing ).  The portal remains clear and free of mobs. Anyone can
come in and then start demanding "their share",this happens enough
times on my server . More than enough to break most demeanors
particularly after the 2 hours breakin and then the 2-4 hours clearing
towards the portal. ( your mileage may vary depending on how good your
groups are )

Theres no way any sensible group of players will simply bend over to
the wishes of another simply because verant told them to play nice and
share spawns. Not without the other group sharing the responsibility
of the break in. The new policy seems to be "Play nice if u want too,
play like a jerk if you think you arent getting yer fair share and we
will support you"...


"I can picture in my mind a world without war , a world without hate . And I can picture us attacking that world because they'd never expect it. " -Jack Handey


