Message-ID: <S5CQ5.13953$wW2.459787@news1.giganews.com>
Subject: EQ Log Parser 0.4
Date: Wed, 15 Nov 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Joe D <joed@cws.org>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 694034458
Sender: Joe D <cws@fnord.io.com>
X-Trace: sv2-kzgdnypqy6M7Oz7dBMkR+7dZOgB+ZFxqJurrlJ/bg+oLTymCVLX46q0cNmQJHlDJzC8FdJw+yO2i7XL!kF7bLy1zZZn2VKZtbUKxfVg8mgE=
Organization: The Center for Weird Studies
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 15 Nov 2000 14:11:30 CST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Complaints-To: abuse@GigaNews.Com
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:11756 rec.games.computer.everquest:10194

I've updated my log file parser, adding a few more reports.  It now reports
more information than you'll be able to absorb.

http://www.cws.org/~pasketti

Changes:
Program now runs around 10% faster.  I ran it through a profiler, and
tightened up a couple of things.

Optionally deletes empty columns on reports.

Track bard songs started and missed notes.

Added your level to the pet reports.
Added max hit to pet report.

Added level stats report.
Track your damage by level.
Track mob damage by level.
Track zone info by level.

Added export capability.  Can export the reports to tab-delimited text
files.  Until I get print capability in there, you can then load these into
a word processor, set appropriate tab stops, and print.  Or you can just  
load it into a spreadsheet and print.  Excel uses the tab character as the
default delimiter when loading text files.

Added critical hits to damage output reports.  Crippling blows are lumped in
with the criticals.

Critical hit and crippling blow totals now report the damage done
  as opposed to the damage reported in the message.

Added benchmark reports.  While in-game, you can tell the parser to start
benchmarking.  This makes it easy to compare weapon performance, determine
the effect of various stats, etc.

Added zone times to Misc report.

Minor bug in tracking charmed pets fixed.

Added option to ignore /pet who leader tracking of pets.

Moved options from menu to seperate dialog box.

Added ability to sort input files by file name instead of date.

Joe D
-- 
I object to all this sex on the computer. I keep falling off.


