Message-ID: <6r%r4.1955$gE6.146951@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com>
Subject: Re: Current sound cards for gaming and my findings
Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Falsadoom" <falsadoom@home.com>
References: <%HXq4.27982$Nv1.2757599@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 587725438
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6600
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc2.tx.home.com 951092034 24.11.185.216 (Sun, 20 Feb 2000 16:13:54 PST)
Organization: @Home Network
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 20 Feb 2000 16:13:54 PST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.action,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.adventure,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:5563 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.action:109122 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.adventure:31840 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:50743 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic:96726 rec.games.computer.everquest:2255

   I have the Aureal 2500, just haven't spent time removing the MX400 and
cleaningn out the registry and HD for a clean install of the new card
(In-laws over for the weekend ;-) ). I have read a recent effort by a news
page to educate people how all these technologys work, the back ground on
the companys etc... Good read excepts I disagree on a couple points from my
personal findings. SB Live is not a good alternative and using a 5.1
reciever setup is better than 4 powered speakers even with a subwoofer. Even
though sound cards are relied upon for many other tasks, and this editorial
I refer to, points out clearly the sound card good for you depends on what
you want to use it for, I have from the initial creation of this thread
stated very clearly my considerations only lay in what is best for gaming. I
have an ac-3 reciever now and I get all the effects of the card, whether I
choose to use surround or not. I can cycle through surround, hall, studio,
and other choices that affect the volume and effects that the reciever
places upon the sound signal. Anything from the card still comes through
with the manipulations and calculations at the card level. So in essence you
are not having to choose from either/or, it's more of a either/or/both/some.
Making a 5.1/ac-3 setup much more powerful and higher in quality than any
simple quad setup. Anyone who tells you 5.1 is simply good for music, needs
to go back and try harder ;-). One thing this editorial does state is that
the size of the room may come into play. In my particular situation I have a
room about 20' by 30' with 12'+ ceiling. Not small but not as big as the
living room either. I have a "computer room", not something I am trying to
put in a corner of a room. So I give credit to this editorial for pointing
out that maybe in a large room where your computer is cornered and more of a
side piece, not the main attraction, then maybe quads are the best thing for
you.

   I don't care who invented stereo, I don't care who has been a mainstay of
computer sound for years, I only care about who gives me the best
functioning, most reliable, mindblowing sound I can get my hands on for
gaming. I don't care if Nintendo is over 100 years old in the business of
making toys, Dreamcast is the best on the market right now and I know that
most likely the Playstation 2 is gonna send it to the mat when it gets here.
I am not caring about when Nintendo was king, or who will be the future
king, the here and now is all I am interested in. When things change, I will
go buy a new console (sound card). I chose the console market example for a
reason, unlike consoles (where you are buying a large supply of software to
go with it that is proprietary) modern sound cards are almost the price of a
single console game, can be plugged in and out  easily, and work with just
about all the software there is in one way or another. That's what makes
customized computers strong, thier ability to adapt to the here and now, AND
future. There is little reason other than the hassle for people not to go
out and do what I have done themselves. Draw your own conclusions, but it is
a large hassle to do so. Which is why I am posting this. I have no need to
please anyone, keep my web-site running, maintain a readership, please
hardware manufacturers or advertisers. I simply call it how I see it and
move on hopefully having helped some people in the process. Also I could
care less about included software. Unless we are talking about vital
utilities needed to configure and customize the card. Extra games, sound
studio software, and the like don't matter to me, I want the best card for
gaming and I am buying a sound card, anything else non essential is nothing
more than a "carrot" to me. I can go buy that software seperately. I try and
not let these freebies blur the fact I am buying a "sound card" not a
bundle. This can be applied to video cards as well. And it's important when
reading any review not to be sucked in with the "And you get this and this
and this and this..." spiel. You are buying a sound card just like me, and
all that should matter is if it's the best performing sound card. Let's face
it, they are all in the same price range for the most part, price has really
become a moot point. Especially when they are basicly 1/3rd the price of
sound cards from 10 years ago cost. So what is the best one for gaming?
That's what I am driving at.

   I will post in the next couple days how I feel the Aureal 2500 operates
in comparison to the other cards I have. But since this is really heading
back to aaa long running solid sound choice, I want to say what I think
where the true "best" sound card is going to be someday. But that requires a
quick nutshell general description of what is happening with the Live,
Aureal and Sensaura cards when they do thier magic.

SB Live - Modular plug and play environments (Canned. A big cave will sound
like a tiny cave, every cave sounds like a cave, really no variation in
sound effects).
Aureal - Dynamic sound evironment based upon the architecture. (May not
sound like a cave, but the things inside this environment will be dynamic
and different than other caves).
Sensaura - Dynamic with some elements of modular plug and play sound
mutations (This will have some things that sound like it's in a cave, but
the sound effects that are dynamic will depend on the source of the effect,
and the location of the player int he game. You will get dynamic sound
effects, and the canned cave sounds).

   So what REALLY is a cool hybrid/marriage for the next card is going to be
imho the card and technology that can guve us the canned plug and play
reverb style that EAX (SB Live) give, whith a truly dynamic application of
that "mask". In other words it will be like Aureal is now in it's dynamic
approach to sound generation, with every effect being mutated with the
overlapping reverb or effect. This is something achievable by Aureal. And if
I were Aureal, I would spend more time making something that blends eax with
thier sound, something that reads eax data for a level/place in a game, and
then applies that effect to thier already incredible dynamic sound. In
essence you get more than have your cake and eat it too. You get vortex 2,
eax, and a blend of eax/vortex 2. Anyways thought I would post this as it's
been kicking around in the back of my head. Will post again when I have this
2500 installed.

Falsa







