Message-ID: <Flkp4.22341$Nv1.2231821@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com>
Subject: The evolution of Massively Multiplayer Online Games.
Date: Sat, 12 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Falsadoom" <falsadoom@home.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 585099792
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6600
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc2.tx.home.com 950391269 24.11.185.216 (Sat, 12 Feb 2000 13:34:29 PST)
Organization: @Home Network
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 12 Feb 2000 13:34:29 PST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:5145 rec.games.computer.everquest:1872

   I have had an idea kicking around for some time and have submitted this
idea through channels I felt appropriate to get the point across. I am not
sure if they have fallen on deaf ears, things are too busy to listen now
from success-problems-whatever issues, or if some can't comprehend what the
hell I am talking about :-). So here is my latest attempt to simplify and
explain what I think should be the evolution in format for massive
multiplayer environments (and I wanted to see what people all over thought
about this instead of just directing it qietly into the EQ idea hopper).
This solution will address and solve server overcrowding when the game
environemnt lacks substance to support a desired population on a given
server, introduce a harmony between single-player-like and massive
multiplayer, offer many more feature options from both a player perspective
and a devloper/administrator perspective. All in all I think it's a
brilliant application of already brilliant things applied to other things we
already know and benefit from.

The general concept:

To allow a group of 2000 people to play all on the same server but also
allow the flexability and options of playing in a single environment, or
presets of alternate environments. Through use of environment altering
elements, these alternate environments can be plugged in and out, make
changes simple, global per environment, and allow for a very large diversity
of interests to populate only 1 server (although multiple servers would
still be needed, I insist that the cry for "we need more servers" in it's
current general occurance would cease to be as we know it).

   Imagine going to (in the case of EQ) one of the towns, and a place set up
like a bank or platform, allows you to step on, create/change to another
alternate reality (o a spell, a gate, or simply a command, it's up to the
developer). A mirror of the main game environment that would be less
crowded, for your own group of friends use, or have variables that you may
want to play under when the mood strikes such as pvp, or other factors such
as difficulty where the risk/payoff are increased accordingly. I think this
is possible in EQ now in limited application (admitedly with alot of work),
and at the very least something they can add to EQ2 or whatever online game
they are working on. The way server client software works, one needs to not
get caught up in the physical paradigmns and apply it that way in software.
Software does not live by the physical laws, it lives by it's own set of
physics. It's about time the potential for that is realized.

   For example, in the case of EQ, they could create mirror demension 2 and
3. Increase the hitpoints/exp gained/loot gained releatively times 2, times
3 on mirror 3, increase the maximum level to 150 and continue to use the
current formulas for gain per level scaled etc. and basicly create the
normal/hard/hell levels like Diablo. They could make a mirror 4 pvp and when
you go there it's pvp or even the teams pvp. This eliminates the need for
seperate servers for each thing, this gives the benefit of all without the
currently needed inefficiency. You can do anything you want as the
developer! These are just examples. The absolute best thing to be done would
be allow people to create private channels and password it, then only
distribute thier password to those they wish to play with at that moment in
that environment, maybe even give them the power to set up the environment
variables as they see fit etc.. This is like a game of Diablo somewhat yet,
the common demension of the game environment is still always there to return
to when the mood strikes and you wish to be with the general populace.

   How do you from a developers standpoint change the environment variables?
I think Unreal Tournament showed us the best way to do this, a format they
called umod used with what's commonly called mutators. Or a standardized way
to implement mods (yes I know mods have been around for a long time) to code
in a plug and play fashion via the operating system (this can easily be
applied to a server OS). This could also serve as the open socket for the
things we see Asheron's Call doing in thier ongoing "on the fly" change of
the game world.

   What do you get after all of this? On the fly environment custom
tailoring through an easy method. The ability to play online with the perks
of online development (ongoing development and additions). The attraction of
people whom prefer standalone titles somewhat. The ability to switch from
pvp and non-pvp environments as the mood strikes. The ability to play other
modified versions of the game without having to be on 3 different servers.
Compression of populations where the hardware and connectivity can more than
handle the volume, yet the game environment is "overcrowded", with this way
of doing things, there is no such thing as too many people in the game
environment (given users can make thier own channels/mirrors).

   Anyways, this is a simplified and general concept of what I think would
be good for massive multiplayer games to adopt and/or evolve into. It makes
it easier for management and gives more flexability and fun to the player
and developer.

Falsadoom




