Message-ID: <84dqoe$aa2$1@nntp1.atl.mindspring.net>
Subject: Reasons to switch or stay
Date: Wed, 29 Dec 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: "James Adams" <adamsj@mindspring.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.asherons-call.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 566231422
X-Server-Date: 29 Dec 1999 20:25:50 GMT
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2314.1300
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
Newsgroups: alt.games.asherons-call,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.asherons-call:5224 alt.games.everquest:3281

A little background.  I anxiously awaited the release of UO (since I didn't
even know about the beta) and spent the upteen hours waiting to sign on when
it first came out.  Between the time that UO came out and EQ came out I
would go through stages of playing UO constantly and then totally stopping.
In the end, I was still having fun but was too annoyed with the lag in the
cities, the zone boundaries you couldn't see and the pk's.
Since starting EQ back in beta I have pretty much done the same thing.
Played for hours on end for days, then stop for awhile.  Recently I've
gotten a little fed up with it...not so much the game, but my own reasons
for playing it.  I don't know why I go back, yet I do...and I'm not sure
what I'm working towards.  To make a long story short I'm thinking about
trying AC again (beta tested it for awhile, but didn't buy for reasons
explained later.)  So my questions are:

1.  Is lag in the cities still horrible, with portal storms transporting you
out into the county side, surrounded by drudges or mosswort when at level 1,
leading to eventual death?

2.  Are the graphics still as bad, with memory running out and buildings
becoming just shapes with white surfaces? (this, I believe, was basically
due to it overpowering my card(s)...two voodoo2's, but the display options
wouldn't help it either...)

3.  Is it nearly as annoying as EQ, where it's extremely hard to get items
you need/want for a character, due to others either camping them, farming
items, or they are just too damn rare?

4.  One of the things I did like about UO was that you didn't have to go out
and try to get better all the time to have fun.  Everyone measures you by
your level in EQ, and if you stagnate, you suck.  In UO, it was basically
your skill that showed how good you were (granted, this was due to everyone
macro'ing their character up - which I didn't like) and you could still hang
out, talk to and enjoy the company of someone who was a grandmaster mage,
even if you just made your character.

5. In the end...is it just another hack 'n' slash game like EQ, only with
different advancement, monsters and an allegiance system?  (The magic
research thing was a "good idea" but too simple to figure out, so that's not
a plus..just a difference)

Please...serious replies only (which I'm sure will bring forth nonserious
ones =) )
