Message-ID: <378FC8FB.5E84B3D0@worldnet.att.net>
Subject: UO Siege VS EQ RACEWAR -kinda long-
Date: Fri, 16 Jul 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: NewWorldMan <newworld.man@worldnet.att.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.ultima-online.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 501929952
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@worldnet.att.net
X-Trace: bgtnsc01.worldnet.att.net 932169950 3793 12.72.195.239 (17 Jul 1999 00:05:50 GMT)
Organization: AT&T WorldNet Services
Mime-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: newworld.man@worldnet.att.net
NNTP-Posting-Date: 17 Jul 1999 00:05:50 GMT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.ultima-online,alt.games.ultima-online
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:2645 alt.games.ultima-online:44688

Awhile back I deleted my characters on the Prexus and Rallos Zek servers
so I could just focus on the coming racewar server on EQ. So far i've
played racewar on the test server but when  I heard about a new shard on
UO that would ban such things as recalls, selling to vendors and
encourage such things as city take overs and such I decided to
reactivate my old UO account.
    Now for some background I played UO from its initial release to
about 8 months later, by which time I was a Lord, Grand master etc.
etc., the main reason I left UO was because of the amount of K33L D00DS
running rampant and ruining the game. Now understand, that i'm only a
semi-role player. I only like to role-play if i notice that others are
into it...and sometimes its enjoyable, but on UO there really wasn't a
chance for any role-playing of any sort. Another problem was the amount
of hacks and 3rd party programs destroying the game. On UO it has always
been possible to run macros for hours on end, use cheats to buff up your
character and what not. In the end alot of people use them, but many
others never do....creating a fair amount of imbalance, and in turn you
get a bunch of immature D00DS getting more power without working for it.
Now when I returned earlier today, I saw that those immature punks are
even in more control of UO. So I played for a few hours and basically I
felt like I was playing Diablo while having to dodge a bunch of cuss
word yelling hacked up and macroed 12 year olds
    Another thing to think about, the lag on UO is just as bad as
ever...and makes even the worst PL on EQ seem like greased lightning.
Now there some things I always liked about UO, like the trades actually
serving a purpose, being able to own a home, boat, castle....or being
able to help run a city, but the way the game is structured it feels
like you are constantly struggling against the Diablo wannabes using
hacks and cheats to one up you  instead of role-playing a war, quest or
anything of that sort.
   Of course on EQ there are problems with twinking, kiting and an
occasional exploit but other than  maybe  camping none of them seriously
ruin the game for anyone, and of course camping will surely be a little
more difficult on the Racewar server, after all....if a group finds
another group of another race they will have the option of attacking
them.
    In racewar, when even the phat D0odS go into your city...its still
basically can be fitted into the structure of game. Awhile back, I was
in the city of Freeport. Probably one of about 5 humans left in the city
after the dark elves and some of their ogre allies attacked. On one
hand  it was bothersome that I couldn't go to the area outside of the
gates to kill rats, bats, snakes, etc....but on the other hand...it was
pretty fun having to hide inside of inns or in the basements of homes
and shops when some dark elves would be patrolling the streets of
Freeport, in my head I could just imagine once the actual race war
server goes up and then to see how poor Freeport will fare. Perhaps in a
future situation comparable to mine...after Freeport falls and just a
few hunted humans are left....we will witness the forces of Erudin,
Halas and maybe even Qeynos march to our rescue...anyways back on UO you
just don't get that kind of feeling..either of dread as you see a a
swarm of the followers of evil fighting your best and strongest just
outside the gates to your city and appearing to gain the upper hand, or
a the feeling of exhilaration when after having to fight in your own
city streets, you hear that powerful wizards and enchanters from Erudin
and a group of halfling warriors have come to your aid. Now if only they
will finally implement the ability to own homes in EQ and change the PvP
cap from its current 8 levels to make it get higher as you go up in
levels...then EQ racewar would really hit the mark
