Message-ID: <38C16DA9.2518D1F5@earthlink.net>
Subject: Re: Stats revisited, but no statistical here.
Date: Sat, 04 Mar 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Michael Short <msh0rt@earthlink.net>
References: <Recv4.1837$xk5.11300@news.rdc1.tx.home.com> <sbqtml48ee6146@news.supernews.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 593175395
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@earthlink.net
X-Trace: newsread2.prod.itd.earthlink.net 952200627 158.252.223.147 (Sat, 04 Mar 2000 12:10:27 PST)
Organization: EarthLink Inc. -- http://www.EarthLink.net
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sat, 04 Mar 2000 12:10:27 PST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:6264 rec.games.computer.everquest:3046

> The harm is that any official information is taken as gospel

And you think it shouldn't???!!!

Geez, do you people have any sense left?  Yes, it means EXACTLY that!

It's the same stupid line from your threads defending the lies in the manuals
about stats; to paraphrase, "It's our world: we make the game, and the rules,
and we collect the money.  But you can't hold us liable for something you read
in our publications."  
What lame Marketing 101 course did you guys pull this out of?

You guys built the game, you (if anyone) should know what does what.   But
instead, we keep getting misinformation from Verant, and players keep showing
how broken the game is.


> anything that differs from new perception is considered "useless".

Totally false.  If you make useless changes, they're perceived as useless.  If
instead you make useful changes, even if there are a few dissenters, most people
will understand the usefulness.  You're trying to say just because your useless
changes were not appreciated, no more information would be given out?  That's
pretty useless.  Aren't you trying to avoid uselessness?  :)


> I made a comment
> about dex once.  Within minutes, shamans were screaming that they were
> "useless".  Did anything concrete change? No. Only perception did.

Exactly WRONG.  You're twisting what did happen, and leaving out other
information.

What did happen was that players noticed things weren't working like Verant said
they
did. They complained for a *long* time before you finally answered them (they
looked to you for the answer because you are Verant's PR rep here).

When you finally did answer, you gave them the one bit of useful information
you've every provided (and by useful I mean actually helping the players play
the game in an enjoyable fashion):  that Dexterity didn't help in melee except
with procing weapons.  This was despite what had been said earlier, what the
word "dexterity" means, and how anyone who had played any other RPG with a
dexterity-like field would expect.

Shamans found out that what they had been told was their expertise turned out to
be useless.  Many still play their class, and enjoy it  (I'm one).  But we've
learned to avoid the useless stuff that has no effect.

And, because we now knew what we were being told was of questionable value,
players dug deeper and found out just how broken things were.  


> That's why we are going to let you form your own perception.  You decide
> which items are "good" and which are "useless".

Translated, this means, "You caught us. But there's nothing we can do to fix it
now, and officially commenting would only admit the problem, which isn't to our
benefit.  We'll just stall the best we can, and hope the word doesn't spread too
fast before we cash in on our Expansion."


So how about something besides a post of 'No Comment'.


