Message-ID: <3963329D.7F126EA6@success.net>
Subject: Same class groups
Date: Wed, 05 Jul 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Lance Berg <emporer@success.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 642632984
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@onemain.com
X-Trace: nntp3.onemain.com 962802376 64.41.22.159 (Wed, 05 Jul 2000 09:06:16 EDT)
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 05 Jul 2000 09:06:16 EDT
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.everquest,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.everquest:8525 alt.games.everquest:10563

As a Mage, I've had a good deal of fun
with an all mage group (so far, just a
trio) from time to time.  The six of us,
three nukers, three tanks, with tank
healing capabitity (renew summons
et al) tank buffing ( burnout, damage
shield, summoned weapons) and decent
taunting (yeah, pet taunt actually works
if the much more skilled warriors aren't
around) form a nice compact unit that
works and plays well together.  What we
principly miss is crowd control, best we
can do is some trickery with earth pet
and its root spell.

I'm wondering how other classes stack
up in terms of Single Class groups?  I
suspect that classes that solo well would
be best suited to Single Class together,
while the group oriented classes would
actually not work out so well en masse?

Here's the list

Bard
Cleric
Druid
Enchanter
Magician
Monk
Necromancer
Paladin
Ranger
Rogue
Shadow Knight
Shaman
Warrior
Wizard

Bard: Enough overlapping buff spells to make multiple
singers worthwhile?  Light tanks all, seems like they
wouldn't particularly benefit from this, but should be
ok together without external support, they have
tanking, healing, buffing, and crowd control all covered.
No nukes, though, unless I'm missing something.

Cleric: Again, they are all light tanks, and there would
be plenty of healing, buffing, crowd control, even some
nuking ability.  Seems like a decent group.

Druid: Even lighter tanking, unless they pull up
charmed animals to do for them.  All the main
bases are covered, though, again, decent.

Enchanter: Main function is buffing, and that
wouldn't be helped by multiple enchanters;
I suppose the pets could be considered tanks,
but ones with no controls, you'd have to be
really relying on the heavy crowd control
component to keep things working right,
and arranging to have your chosen mob
attack each enchanter in turn so as to
activate the multiple tanks would be tough,
I'd think.  No healing capabilities, either,
to my knowledge, I'd rate this as a poor
group combo.

Magician: Like I said, weak on crowd
control, but other than that, I can say from
experience that this grouping rocks.

Monk: Well, no buffs, no healing, no
crowd control, no nukes; as tanks they
are good at dishing it out but not so good
at taking it...  I'd think poor, but I don't
know the class well enough to see if I'm
missing something.

Necromancer: Like Mages, controllable
pets that do the tank duty, they can
nuke, I'm not familiar enough to know about
their buffing and healing capabilities within
such a group; I count Mages as healers
because they can heal the tanks within
an all mage group...  I know the necros can
heal themselves, but healing the casters
isn't a big priority.  Crowd control?  I know
Necros are classed as a very good solo
group, but based on my limited knowledge,
I'm not seeing the synchronicity effect, they
come off as no better than decent on the surface.

Paladin: Hmm, now we are looking at a
melee powerhouse group, with limited access
to cleric type powers; assuming this includes
buffing, healing, crowd control, nuking even...
decent group, particularly if going after undead.

Ranger: Bunch tanks with supplementary powers,
healing, crowd control, buffs, debuffs, nuking...
the bases are covered, if not all that well; seems
like the low end of decent.

Rogue: Weird, this would be a tankless,
nukeless, buffless, crowd controlless, healless
group; damage could be dished out in spades,
simply by surrounding the target so that its back
would be turned to someone constantly... but
with no taunts or heals, it seems like sooner
or later someone is going to be getting the
brunt, and getting dead.  Looks Poor to me,
possibly the worst of the lot.

Shadow Knight: Like Paladins, we are looking
at an all tank group with some limited ancillary
powers.  Unfortuantely, now we combine in
the necro powers, which are less complimentary
to a group than the cleric ones the pallys get;
I don't know the class well enough to be sure,
but it seems on the surface they'd be a poor
group.

Shaman: hmm, light tanking, healing, buffs (and debuffs)
some crowd control, light nuking capability...
seems like a decent grouping, although I
don't see any synchronicity emerging
particularly, and as neither tanking nor nuking
is really powerful, while the buff/debuff abilities
don't overlap particularly well, this seems a little
substandard.  Worse looking groups on the list,
but better, too.

Warrior: Well, we are certainly looking at all
tank group here, crowd control limited to
taunting, no buffs, no heals, doesn't look good...
except that it looks better than rogues; at least these
guys can take it while they are dishing it out, and
even have a shot at pulling a mob off of someone
who is in trouble.

Wizard: Unique in totally lacking tanks, and
heals, and buffs (well, mostly) they'd have to rely
on crowd control and heavy nuking to take
down their prey.  There would be evac potential
to save hides, and it is concievable that they
could do well in a slow spawn environment,
where they could med up between fights; inefficient,
lots of down time, but with some spawns that is
pretty much what you face anyway.  Still, I'd
have to give this one low marks..  looks better
than an all rogue group, though!


Pente



