Message-ID: <98YK4.699$DH3.1559@news1.eburwd1.vic.optushome.com.au>
Subject: Re: why i think eq is a crappy game
Date: Tue, 18 Apr 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Debby" <debbyhall@optushome.com.au>
References: <4zuJ4.444$7J1.23008@news1.epix.net> <38FA399E.7DE013@misleading.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 612649684
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2314.1300
X-Complaints-To: abuse@optushome.com.au
X-Trace: news1.eburwd1.vic.optushome.com.au 956059269 203.164.4.194 (Tue, 18 Apr 2000 22:01:09 EST)
Organization: @Home Network
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 18 Apr 2000 22:01:09 EST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:8293 rec.games.computer.everquest:5594

I think EQ is a good game for some players. I have enjoyed it at times. I
have also hated it at times.  It is designed for group play and I think the
box should carry a warning. DO NOT PLAY IF UNLESS YOU WANT TO PLAY IN A
GROUP.

Some of what this guy says is reasonable. Monsters can attack through walls
and players cannot. A griffin can kill you inside an inn. I don't regard
that as hiding at all. Just trying to sell some stuff and oh dear dead. What
killed me. Look back through game messages or log and discover oh it was a
griffin. No chance to fight back. Only level 6 after all.

I object to such high level creatures being in a zone for players only up to
level 10. I must admit there have been fewer griffin attacks these days. I
was probably unlucky but since I had not been bound in the area. I also did
not go back for my body as I was not carrying much and it was just too far
to return across several zones including boat. Just wrote the zone off at
the time.

I play solo due to time problems etc. I only have a short while and do not
want to waste it trying to find a group. I grouped at lower levels but have
many more problems finding people to play with at higher levels as they all
have friends that they play with.  I also have had problems with groups some
work out well others were disastrous. I find the overcrowding in some zones
make it hard to play. Since all the groups kill steal off solo players I
just do not play on the weekends anymore unless I am doing something that is
not killing. when I complain I just get told to go join a group or live with
it. Well I  don't have to live with it I can quit after all.

I miss the trade skills of UO. I have never been happy that I cannot make a
living making goods. I have to adventure to raise capital to make a loss
making items that no-one wants to buy. It costs a fortune to raise skill to
a level that makes items that people want. I cannot make a living selling
arrows. I have a skill of 130 and still cannot make a trueshot bow. Must be
a master. Well I am higher and have spent a fortune getting there. As I
can't hunt things that bring in experience AND money. I hunt wisps for money
and no experience. Then make the dangerous journey for the lightstone quest.
This brings in some experience and reasonable money but not compared with
the weeks spent hunting for the stones since very few gl stones drop now.

Please do not regard my comments as whinging either. I am just accepting
that this game is not fun for me. I always feel like I have had a struggle
not a fun experience. I spent the last week of my holidays in a cute little
game called The Realm. It is cartoon graphics, small screen and been around
for years but I had fun. Lots of fun. I had forgotten how much fun a game
could be. I loved the social interaction with the other players and the
hunting etc. I met a lot of ex Everquest players there also. Funny about
that. I see I am not the only one who is seeking something more fullfilling.
I have heard EQ called levelquest and I think it is an apt name. All play
time is spent with the sole purpose to gain levels. Kill a monster check
your bubbles. How far to next level. How far to a decent healing spell. How
many levels to SOW. Will I ever get there. I doubt it. I can log on for 30
mins and have fun if that is all the time I have. That is not possible in EQ
it takes a lot of time to achieve anything. I no longer have that much time
to spend on a game.

I am leaving for a while to think about the game. I will always be a solo
player due to my lifestyle. I like the graphics but get sick of just trying
to get to the next level in case things will be better.




