Message-ID: <8fgcoc$npt$1@gw.localdomain>
Subject: Re: VERANT PLEASE READ: Faction and experience awarding issues... (NOT ROK RELATED)
Date: Fri, 12 May 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: archer@nevrax.com (Vincent Archer)
References: <shljje9kcp169@corp.supernews.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 622459992
X-Complaints-To: news@gw.localdomain
X-Trace: gw.localdomain 958117452 24381 192.168.254.254 (12 May 2000 07:44:12 GMT)
Organization: Nevrax France
NNTP-Posting-Date: 12 May 2000 07:44:12 GMT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:9207 rec.games.computer.everquest:6760

Inyx D'Ater (kijo@c4.com) wrote:
> I had a few situations pop up over the last weekend and I just wanted to see
> if they are known problems to verant and if they are are being worked on.

You're experiencing the chaotic effect of the - short - hate list.

Basically, the MOBs all have a hate list, which is a triplet of values:
	the ID of the "ennemy" (PC, NPC, pet)
	a number of points, representing how much I hate him/her
	the amount of damage you did to the MOB

MOBs add PCs *and* NPCs to that list under various circumstances:
	- when they put a roundabout (check all around up to N feet)
		and find someone with bad faction
	- when you hit them or cast aggressive spells on them
	- when your pet hit them
	- when you cast defensive/beneficial spells on someone in their
		hate list

Now, here's the trick: the hate list is REALLY short (it's an array of 10
entries).

Whenever a 11th ennemy is located, it enters the hate list and overrides
the 1st one. Override is really that: it erases the ennemy index, clears
the DAMAGE and clears the hate factor. If, for some reason, the 1st one
is still fighting, he/she will usually reenter the hate list, now as the
12th entry, erasing the 2nd, and so on.

When the mob dies, exp still on the array is summed to determine who did
the most damage, if they are still in "experience radius" (if you're outside
the experience radius, you don't. This is intended to avoid the "I root, DOT
enough the mob will die, and gate across the zone and wait for the xp"
tactic), and everyone still on the hate list gets faction hits.

Note that you and your pet, if you have one, take separate slots. The
intent was to cover almost all groups (6 people, including 4 pet classes)
in all circumstances.

If you are in a full group, and fighting some particularly aggressive
MOBs, and you have pets around, the chaotic effects start to kick in, and
hate list rotates very fast.

I once killstole in HHP. I'm usually doing "faction riding" there waiting
for Kithicor to clear, and poking using my dragoon dirk in the backs of
orcs. When HHP is real full (two almost full groups, including pets),
I get faction only if I have hit a few seconds before the orc dies.

Once, I even got experience for an orc fanatic (was red to me!) because I
lucked out, did 13 damage with my dagger, and none of the fighters around
did more than that - and the wizard would had lightning bolted the orc
had just been removed from the hate list by the pets bashing the orc.

> that I wasn't meleeing them, so, I switched to melee and hit them a couple
> of times each battle and still 1 out of 4 didn't get a faction message.

Spell or melee damage is the same.

> On a similar note, before I got to group with the Sarnak group, I happened
> to sit down in the middle of them killing a sarnak and recieved faction
> messages when I hadn't attacked, targetted or even been attacked by the
> sarnak before its death.

You had been spotted. Often happens in the orc camp in Greater faydark.

-- 
Vincent Archer                                         Email: archer@nevrax.com

Nevrax France.                              Off on the yellow brick road we go!


