Message-ID: <JYlo4.1367$68.17874@typhoon.nyroc.rr.com>
Subject: More stories, more stories!
Date: Wed, 09 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Calthaer" <calthaer@yahoo.com>
References: <38a0fdfb.0@news.per.paradox.net.au> <sa3l33tm23279@news.supernews.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 583863184
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3155.0
X-Complaints-To: abuse@twcny.rr.com
X-Trace: typhoon.nyroc.rr.com 950135721 24.95.162.170 (Wed, 09 Feb 2000 17:35:21 EST)
Organization: Time Warner Road Runner - Syracuse NY
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 09 Feb 2000 17:35:21 EST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:4994 rec.games.computer.everquest:1697

Hey Gordon - MAJOR KUDOS! (something I'm sure you don't get too often on
this newsgroup, unfortunately)

Doing it through dynamic quests is great, but perhaps a few ideas on your
post...

1) Letting other people know what happens about them is a good idea. But
posting them on boards isn't (IMHO). This is because message boards
get...well, crowded. Things get pushed back. Maybe something permanent like
the Archmage Answers and such on the EverQuest main site? Or was that what
you were intending? I'm really looking forward to reading some of those
things, and would hate to have to wade through 1000+ messages just to find
the one with the word on what happened in Norrath.

2) I know you said "ideally," but...and I hate to start the bashing -
Norrath is far from an ideal world, at least when looked at from a
roleplayers standpoint. Ideally we'd have people gathering in taverns
instead of at the priest of discord or city gate. Ideally GMs would do
something about players who broadcast quest spoilers over the chat channels.
Ideally there wouldn't be people with all the asinine names out there (have
they become lax on this or what? I've seen the most stupid names on E'ci for
some reason. And a lot ripped from fantasy literature). At any rate (it's so
hard not to gripe), to encourage roleplaying the most among the most number
of people I don't think it would be out of the question to put at least some
of these histories and such on scrolls and in books. I was really impressed
to find some of these things popping up in the game - my friend found a
scroll written in Gnoll in the-dungeon-formerly-known-as-splitpaw, and I was
venturing near Halas recently and found these diaries from some band of
explorers...more, more! Everyone I mention these things to (even some of my
friends who have unfortunately turned more powergamer as they play the game)
say "wow, that's cool."

3) The NPCs really do need more dialogue. Does Verant even have a staff
writer to create some of this stuff? Many other single-player games require
players to talk to a lot of different NPCs to piece together a story...it
would be cool to have a "story quest" - perhaps no reward or item or
anything - where some of these NPCs that give us blank stares could indicate
that they know just a tad about what happened in Unrest, or about what Kedge
Keep used to be, or about where the center of the Combine empire was, or
about...etc., etc., etc. They could perhaps point to other NPCs - for
instance, some bard saying "it's rumored that...but go check it out with
such-and-such a scholar who's in the magic guild in x city" which in turn
leads to a longer quest where you can transfer notes between people and then
this scholar finally is able to translate the scroll or figure out what
happened or etc. and reveals it to the player. No monetary rewards, no real
substantial experience (perhaps a tiny amount). But it might be a small step
towards putting the "quest" in EverQuest. Roleplayers would be giddy if part
of the history of the world were revealed and they could experience that
instead of lamenting that they weren't in the right place at the right time.
Another idea might be having barkeeps give players gossip or hints if the
player tips them off (I'm thinking of the Bard's Tale games when I mention
this). Even one saying "I hear that merchant alice is a bit free with the
men, if you know what i mean" or "some say sir hallis is a sot - but you
didn't hear it from me" when you give the barkeep a few copper or silver
might be fun.

Just a few thoughts - and hopefully they were (mostly) constructive.

-Calthaer
a bard




