Message-ID: <kGzE2.72$Zn6.187259@news1.mco>
Subject: Re: My review of the EQ beta. - I dont quite agree with ya
Date: Sun, 07 Mar 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Virtus" <bry1@bellsouth.net>
References: <36e24725.8046997@news.earthlink.net> <36e26126.10245981@nnrp.gol.com> <36E27E7D.71DE6E74@canada.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.ultima.online.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 452289218
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3155.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Sun, 07 Mar 1999 13:36:00 EDT
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.ultima.online,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.ultima.online:69106 alt.games.everquest:994

Geesh. Ok no offense intended but after reading this thread... You guys are
not giving EQ enough credit. First off, complaining about dying along way
away, big deal. 4 zones is nothing, wont take you long at all to get your
body back, and you have 8+ hours to do it. Hell a friend of mine claims to
have gotten killed, logged off went to sleep, went to work the next day, got
home and logged back in and his corpse was still there. I'm sorry but it
just seems like you guys never want to loose. What the hell point is there
in a game were you'll never loose? Easy ego boost? I hope not, cus thats
just LAME.

As far as the game being frustrating... Heh, I played UO ever since it came
out retail up until a few months ago. I had alot more times that I have
logged out of UO in frustration then times that I logged off with having
enjoyed playing. The only reason I played UO for as long as I did was
because of my friends. And once they quit I got so board of UO I gave up on
it. Player vrs player combat IMHO has no place in number based combat games.
What I mean is when you have to work on your skill levels before you can
fight real well, pvrsp sucks because the people who allways win are going to
be the ones who either have been playing longer or have no life and play
every day all day. That wouldnt even be bad if you could AVOID those people
but you cant. They go to all of the places were you want to go, dungeons,
the good spawn areas... Running you off. And by the time you DO get strong
in UO, by macroing or just sitting there like an idiot repeating the same BS
over and over again, you try to go to these locations again, but this time
you fight one guy, then 6 more show up. It happend to me over and over
again. Sure I could join a big guild so that I'd allways have people with me
to even the odds... But why the hell should I have to join a guild? For the
people who dont have time or the patience to get involved in guilds, UO =
Constently sitting in town doing BS. Its boaring and pointless, unless you
want to go pk yourself and then attack people that you KNOW you can beat,
which is the lamest thing in the world.
PvrsP should be kept to games DESIGNED for PvrsP, aka quake. Atleast then
its usually a fair fight.

EQ however, I've been playin since B4 started, and not once have I logged
out frustrated. The game is FUN. The class and skill system is great, its
not perfect but its a hell of alot better then UO's everybody is everything
system. There is alot more diversity of characters in EQ then UO, of course
yeah there could be even more but its a big improvement. Dying isnt painfull
at all, and if your smart it isnt even common. I have a level 8 barbarian
warrior that hasnt died once in the past 6 days, yet hes gained two levels
and a good ammount of cash.

As far as things being so expensive, by the time that your character is to
the point were those items wouldnt make him go up 20 levels in 10 minets,
they wont seem nearly so expensive. I have talked to a lot of higher level
players, one of them likes to buy bark potions on a regular basis, these
cost 100 plat each. Hes level 23. If you could afford all of that armor and
wepons at level 5, it would throw the game WAY out of scale. Also at around
level 10, you start to make alot more money. Another friend of mine is a
level 13 cleric, he has full chain armor and 26 plat in the bank and he made
all the cash himself.

Right now, I have a number of chars, a level 8 ranger, a level 8 barbarian
warrior, a level 5 magican, and a level 5 rogue. I've ventured from qeynos
to freeport, to greater faydark and back, to the tox forests and the bottoms
of black burrow. I've died, and there was only one single time that I
couldnt get my stuff back, but that was because my ranger got killed way out
in the karna plains before he was level 5 and his corpse decayed in 30
minets. I got back to the spot like 5 minets too late LOL. Oh well though, I
recovered very easily.

As far as the interface being a bit ackward, yeah it could be improved a bit
but its very easy to get used to. Targeting can be a little hard too, but
its not anywere near impossible. And I find that I can keep track of a
battle alot better in first person mode then in the IMHO cheap overhead view
UO offers. But then again I've done and am pretty good at most FPS's. Combat
in EQ is alot more interesting then UO. UO you were just allways sure that
you could get away from whatever you were fighting. Even other players,
getting away wasnt hard... Its just when you feel like raiding a dungeon
IMHO you should beable to, not be forced off by 6 12 year olds who have way
too much time on their hands.

And the bug your experiencing... Its something on your end. I've never
experienced anything like it, hell EQ has never run anything short of great
on my comp. I dont think its fair to rate a game based on how well it
performs, unless your using a very high end system and it STILL doesnt work.
But EQ runs awsome on mid and high level computers. If ya got a fast comp
then theres something wrong with your vid card, its more then likly a driver
issue, try and find updated drivers for your card. Most hardware is
compatible with EQ, most people dont have any problems. Except for the
banshee drivers (which really isnt sony's fault) I havent heard of any
really big incompatability problem.

Also, one last thing I want to point out. You guys are basing your opinions
on only a very small percentage of the game. You've made  it up to what,
maybe level 10-15 max so far? unless you were in beta 3. You havent seen
very much of the game at all yet. As far as I'm concerned, UO is dead to me.
No way I'll be goin back. Doesnt matter how many improvements they put in,
they will never put in enough. And it makes me sick that the only time OSI
tries to really improve the game is when they have a chance of loosing some
money. They dont give a damn about the players, only the dollar signs. And
yes I do think that Sony is a bit different. They do alot more then they
have to as far as keeping players inline and helping. Anyone ever paged a GM
in UO? your lucky if they show up within a half hour or at all. I've paged a
couple in EQ though and they have allways been there within 2-5 minets.

Virtus




