Message-ID: <37163316.516609999@news.earthlink.net>
Subject: Re: What I want
Date: Thu, 15 Apr 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: wqm@earthlink.nospamgetsthroughthisnet (wqm@earthlink.net)
References: <EC4F433D04931211.552BBB112A22BC82.B77E6E10BD6D65FD@library-proxy.airnews.net> <3715e973.2132068@nntp.a001.sprintmail.com> <32DE53CA7317A1AC.E3E5759333FF8240.4108F30985B6C8BB@library-proxy.airnews.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.ultima.online.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 466841061
X-Posted-Path-Was: not-for-mail
X-ELN-Date: 15 Apr 1999 19:45:38 GMT
X-ELN-Insert-Date: Thu Apr 15 12:55:01 1999
Organization: EarthLink Network, Inc.
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.ultima.online,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.ultima.online:82869 alt.games.everquest:1367

On Thu, 15 Apr 1999 15:08:11 GMT, Dundee@SPAMSPAMSPAM.COM (Dundee)
wrote:

>On Thu, 15 Apr 1999 13:37:08 GMT, paul@nospam.com (GuildBoss) wrote:
>
>>Here's how to be a hero:
>>
>>1. Help your friends
>
>While I agree with you, I don't think this alone really covers what I
>want.
>
>The game world doesn't change AT ALL no matter WHO I help, or what I
>help them do.


	Do your individual losses in the real world make a damn bit of
difference to anybody else other than your circle of friends and
family?  Do your personal victories make the world at all better?  Of
course not.  In fact, if you or I were to kill ourselves right now,
nothing would change, nobody would care (other than a *very* few
people), and the world would continue on as it always had.  I used to
work in a community mental health agency with severely mentally
disabled people.  I saw the same people day in, day out.  They had
their victories, such as when they could get their own apartment and
be able to function well enough in society so that I didn't have to
hospitalize them every other week.  They also had their losses, such
as when they totally decompensated and got sent to the hospital, or
comitted suicide.  But did any of this matter to the outside world?
Of course not.  The day after one of my clients killed herself, I can
remember looking out of my office window and seeing the same thing I
always did - people hurrying to work, people laughing, people living
their lives.  If they had known about my client's suicide, they might
have taken a moment to mourn, but that would be it - they would then
have to get back to the business of living.
	What I am trying to get at is that EQ and UO are games, with
real people playing them.  Real people are not heroes, and real
people's actions do not shape the world about them.  Thousands of
people play EQ and UO - can we honestly expect every person's actions
to reshape and redefine the world?  And if not, how is it decided who
the hero will be, and in what shape the online messiah will take?  I
realize that you are arguing that there is no *possibility* of even
*one* hero in either EQ and UO due to the game mechanics, but I think
that is as it should be.  We all play these games to escape in one way
or the other - that is why they are considered childish by most people
who don't play them.  So, if we all play to escape, why would we want
to play in a world that so truly imitates the real world that only the
very select acheivers are able to initiate change while we, the vast
majority, are stuck being the ordinary humdrum beings that we are in
the real world?  People play RPG's, online or otherwise, to feel a
sense of empowerment.  If online versions were to turn into
meritocracies, then 99% of the player base would remain the ordinary
chumps that they are in their real lives - who wants to escape to
that?
	I suppose you might argue that keeping the select few from
attaining their rightful place of rule in the online world simply to
enable the average schmoe to continue on in his delusion (I suppose
one could be nice and call it a fantasy) of granduer is somehow
limiting and, well, wrong.  After all, shouldn't these games be free
and allow the best to rise to the top?  Quite simply, no.  People love
to feel like they are in power, people love to think that they are
*important* and that what they do is of great signifigance in the
world.  Like I said before, I used to work in the mental health field,
and almost every person I ever had as a client was unable to deal with
the fact that real people only have power over themselves; they either
demonized themselves for not being what they thought an important
person should be, or they deluded themselves into believing that they
*were* important and they walked around in dyed underwear, thinking
they were a super-hero (I actually had one client who did this).  Role
playing games are simply a nice little socially sanctioned arena in
which we can fantasize ourselves being an important and powerful
person for a few hours a day.  And rpg companies have gotten quite
rich providing that service.
	So what I am saying is that these games are not flawed due to
their inability to allow certain people to rise above the crowd and
become "heroes".  That, in fact, is their strength.  It allows us all
to create our little fictions of what our character is, and then be
able to maintain that fiction without the fear of the *real* heroes
and luminaries of the game waltzing through our well-designed fiction
and shattering it.  Better yet, we can get a group of people to join
in our fiction with us, and thus make it all the more "real" to
everyone involved.  Basically, what is important are the people that
we surround ourselves with, our friends.  It is to these people whom
we can become, if not heroes, figures of great importance - and that
*is* like real life.  Personally, I don't hope to become the Messiah
of Norrath or Sosaria - I just want to be respected by my friends.
And both EQ and UO provide the mechanisms to do that - that means I'm
happy.  If you truly want to be a hero, you should think about playing
a single player game.  In that type of game, you don't have to worry
about other people, and you can stroke your ego until you reach the
emotional orgasm you seem to crave.  Oh, and I don't mean that to be
at all an insult - it's merely a metaphor to describe what I think
*anyone* (including myself) experiences while playing a really good
single player role-playing game.  And there's nothing wrong with it -
just so long as that when you stop playing you recognize that it was
just a game and that your actions in the real world mean diddly-squat
to basically everyone else in the world.  If you are unable to do so,
well, you'll wind being someone's patient at a community mental health
agency ;) 

-Bloom, Peasant, Atlantic

--

"Happiness doesn't come from having things, but from being part of things."
- Chris in the Morning - KBHR Radio - Cicely, Alaska



