Message-ID: <shm1l4o4kcp36@news.supernews.com>
Subject: Re: VERANT PLEASE READ: Faction and experience awarding issues... (NOT ROK RELATED)
Date: Thu, 11 May 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Pacer Silverfang" <pacerdawn@remove-this.iname.com>
References: <shljje9kcp169@corp.supernews.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 622233716
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6600
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:9136 rec.games.computer.everquest:6681

Not sure about the croc thing, but I can answer this:

"Inyx D'Ater" <kijo@c4.com> wrote in message
news:shljje9kcp169@corp.supernews.com...
> Last weekend I was in the Overthere and killing Sarnaks for faction and
> experience, when using my attack spell to do over 200 pts of damage to the
> beasts I was sometimes not getting faction messages.  I thought it might
be
> that I wasn't meleeing them, so, I switched to melee and hit them a couple
> of times each battle and still 1 out of 4 didn't get a faction message.

It may be that some sarnak's didn't get the correct Faction data (bug).  Do
a /bug report.  Or it could be related to my explanation below:

> On a similar note, before I got to group with the Sarnak group, I happened
> to sit down in the middle of them killing a sarnak and recieved faction
> messages when I hadn't attacked, targetted or even been attacked by the
> sarnak before its death.

Something that not many people realize is that you don't have to attack/be
attacked/aid to get faction.

Faction is given out by going down the mobs hate list.  Hitting a mob or
helping someone hitting the mob gets you added to it's hate list, so that is
why you get faction changes when you attack.  However, you also get on a
hate list by simply having the mob aggro on you.  No contact has to be made
at all.  So you could be sitting by a fight and the mob will aggro on you
and you are added to it's hate list.  However, you are not at the top of the
hate list, someone else is, so it never attacks you.  At the end of the
fight BING faction adjustment.  This happens if you are just running by a
fight too.  I ran from the Dreadlands passage to FV the other day without
touching anything.  In town, while I was banking, I got 3 Mistmoore faction
adjustments.  The reason being I had run close to some spiders and they
aggrod on my but Kunark mobs stop after a while so they didn't follow me
very far.  When someone else killed them, I got faction.

As for not getting faction, in your above case, how many people were
attacking?  I think the hate list is only so long so it is very possible you
were bumped off of it before the death occured and so did not get faction.

---
Pacer Silverfang, Ranger
Innoruuk






