Message-ID: <398623C4.E5948FA0@misleading.com>
Subject: Re: Newbie Character Generation Question
Date: Mon, 31 Jul 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Morgan <morgana@misleading.com>
References: <dR5h5.1254$I4.12136@typhoon.pompano.mediaone.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 653027961
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@pacbell.net
X-Trace: news.pacbell.net 965092163 216.103.192.163 (Mon, 31 Jul 2000 18:09:23 PDT)
Organization: UC Berkeley
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 31 Jul 2000 18:09:23 PDT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:11040 rec.games.computer.everquest:9203

JokerAce wrote:
> 
> I am leaning very heavily on making my 1st Character (I will be starting to
> play on Tuesday)a Wood-Elf Druid who's god is Tunare, Now I have been
> reading up on Druids and Rangers (As I was at first considering this eact
> character as a Ranger instead of Druid) And I have come to find that Druids
> are better than Rangers due to :
> 
> 1) Druids are better at soloing in the beginning of game.
> 
> 2) Druids are more sought after to group at later levels.
> 
> Now are this conclusions that I have come to Valid or am I mistaken by
> making them?

Both Druids and Rangers are very fun.  I play one of each.  My Druid has 
stopped at 15 for a few months and the Ranger is now 27, so it should be
clear which one of those two I prefer to play. ;)

The big reason not to play a Ranger is probably the experience penalty.
It makes you go slower when soloing and it means you take a larger share
in a group of similar level characters.

In general, any caster class is easier to play than any fighter class
because the casters get Bind Affinity and Gate.  This makes traveling
to new places and exploring dangerous areas much safer.  Druids also
get personal and group teleport spells that are absolutely terrific
for moving you around Norrath.

However, fighters get to stand up and kill things while the casters are
all sitting around staring at their spell books trying to regain mana.

My advice would be to play both and keep playing whichever one you find
more fun at the moment.

> Also is PVP or Non-PVP better? I have read up on this also and have just
> gotten more confused the more I read. The subject of Guilds seems VERY
> important in PVP and I like the idea of the guilds (Guild Wars..etc.)
> However due servers that r not PVP make Guilds as importanbt as NON-PVP
> servers or are they just secondary? Also it seems to me that it make EQ more
> fun and realistic as PVP. Or once again am I making the wrong assumtion?

Guilds are quite important on all the servers.  In my opinion, the
single most important part of the guild is not the tag that appears
over your head, but the guild chat channel.  There you can keep in
touch with your friends all over Norrath, organize events on the fly,
and share information about items, quests and monsters.

I strongly advise against making your first character on a PvP server.
Start out with a regular non-PvP server and learn the game.  Then if
you find the challenge of the regular game is insufficient, start a 
new character on one of the PvP servers.  Starting fresh always seems
like it will be rough, but those first levels go really fast the 
second time through. :)  EverQuest was designed as a Player vs Monster
game, not a Player vs Player game, and it does not do the latter well.

-- 
Morgan
Cembyr, Wood Elf Ranger
Xymarra, High Elf Enchanter
Caela, Wood Elf Druid

(crossposting all posts to rec.games.computer.everquest)


