Message-ID: <39133F87.8DDE2467@misleading.com>
Subject: Re: lvl 5 ranger looking for binder help
Date: Fri, 05 May 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Morgan <morgana@misleading.com>
References: <8equb2$62a$1@nntp9.atl.mindspring.net> <8F2AFEBDfelixdocyahoocom@207.126.101.100>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 619752155
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@pacbell.net
X-Trace: news.pacbell.net 957562722 216.103.192.163 (Fri, 05 May 2000 14:38:42 PDT)
Organization: UC Berkeley
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 05 May 2000 14:38:42 PDT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:8944 rec.games.computer.everquest:6429

Felix wrote:
> 
> webdork@mindspring.com (Chris Brightwell) wrote :
> 
> >        do any of you keep binders, and if so - what's in it?
> 
> I do. I have my spell lists (1 page per rank) so I can keep track of which
> ones I have (I check them off as I get them). After that I have 1 page with
> my class armor so I can check what I need to get it.

I'm completely neurotic.

I play a ton of characters and I keep a lot of information for all of them.
For each character, I have a spell list and a skill list.  I mark off my
skill gains at the end of a session so that I know what I have to work on
next time I play.  I track which spells my characters have got so far so 
that I don't have to switch back and forth between spell book and merchant
and so that I can figure out which are the one or two that I am still 
missing for a level.  I was ok with one or two characters, but after three
I couldn't remember who had what or who still needed to learn Sense Heading
or Divination. ;)

I keep pages of notes about quests.  When you complete a small quest, you
will often get a lead to a bigger one.  Write down what the person tells 
you (or use /log and get it from the file later) because the only way to
get them to say it again is to do the small quest again.  You can also get
quest cheats from various spoiler sites, and I would actually recommend 
that you check such sites before turning in any really hard won item just
to make sure there aren't any gotchas.

Initially, I kept pages of locs for zone entrances and landmarks.  It was
still completely hopeless and I got lost all the time.  Now I keep one 
printed copy of the Traveler's Map of Norrath and try to learn Sense Heading
with every character.  I also try to get maps of dungeons because I can't
navigate at all in EQ without a map.  It's embarrassing to have to Gate out
all the time because I can't find the exit, but such is life.

Traveler's Map of Norrath:
http://eq.notcrazy.com/collated/maps/travelroutes/Travel-Norrath.shtml

I also keep lots of notes about crafting.  I think I have tried every craft
with at least one character.  If you are going to take up a craft, you will
want to keep a list on paper of all the recipes you find.  Those little books
you get in game are not a very handy reference, so you should either copy 
them down or copy someone else's work from a web page.  You will also want to
keep track of locations of merchants that sell crafting supplies.

All of this is a stack of paper about two inches high by the side of my
monitor.  That binder idea is a good one. ;)

-- 
Morgan		Cembyr, Wood Elf Ranger
		Xymarra, High Elf Enchanter
		Caela, Wood Elf Druid
		Anja, Barbarian Shaman
		Daere, Human Cleric
		Nefaria, Ogre Warrior
		Agrissa, Iksar Warrior
		Yvdariel, High Elf Paladin

(crossposting all posts to rec.games.computer.everquest)


