Message-ID: <8aaqkp$aci$1@bob.news.rcn.net>
Subject: Re: AC update
Date: Fri, 10 Mar 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "JavaMan99" <javaman99@xoommail.com>
References: <MPG.1332a227ee9da361989bf2@news.dimensional.com> <8aag0p$g7t$1@news.ihug.co.nz>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 595665200
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2615.200
X-Complaints-To: abuse@rcn.com
X-Trace: 2hgVWid7jLINWAMTS+AoQey1dl5tkH1nXpFp4bUyWQg=
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: 10 Mar 2000 12:43:05 GMT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:6601 rec.games.computer.everquest:3412

God, this newsgroup is one giant bigot. Anyone voicing their opinion here
mentioning any other ORPG is immediately shouted down as a whiner. This
man/woman is simply giving you a tiny example of how other ORPGs choose to
handle their patching system. I for one, agree with him. Below is a message
from one of the EverQuest updates. Now I want to know: why? Why precisely
did they upgrade the rogue? Granted, it's probably because people felt it
was too weak a class, but why not tell me that. I understand what the
abilities do, and how they improve the character but  I still don't know why
people felt it was important to change the rogue. Were thousands of rogues
dying everywhere because they were drawing too much attention. If they can
truly do so much damage wouldn't it make sense that the monster would come
after them? If Verant gave me it's reasons for changing the way the game is
handled, I might be better able to decide if what they are trying to do, is
something I want to play.
*Rogue Enhancements*

Rogues received several enhancements as part of this patch:

- The chance to score a critical hit with a throwing weapon has been
increased significantly.

- When throwing a weapon from behind the NPC in question, a rogue now has a
chance to score a "Deadly Strike", for enhanced damage above and beyond that
of a critical hit.

- A new rogue-specific ability has been added to the "Hide" skill.  It is
called "Evade".  This skill has the effect of lowering the amount that the
targeted NPC hates the rogue, and has the potential of making the engaged
NPC switch to another target (preferably a tank) within the rogue's group.
It is essentially a "reverse taunt".  This ability helps mitigate the
negative effects of the rogue's exceedingly high damage-output potential. It
also will in-turn help the rogue do even more damage as the NPC is much more
likely to expose its back.  It is engaged by targeting the NPC you wish to
"Evade" and pressing the "Hide" button.  As a note, you must not be in
combat mode in order to use this ability.




