Message-ID: <8ro79a$rq3$1@nnrp1.deja.com>
Subject: Re: Hard Working Latinos
Date: Sat, 07 Oct 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: watcher_2002@my-deja.com
References: <8r1hno$1th$1@WWW1.relcom.ru> <4170-39D47733-1@storefull-146.iap.bryant.webtv.net> <8r2ker$ghgol$1@ID-41609.news.cis.dfn.de> <8r6jpm$3l5$1@nnrp1.deja.com> <39D7B00C.2551B02C@kiva.net> <8r9fko$4ra$1@nnrp1.deja.com> <CZaC5.3656$P7u.19005564@tomcat.sk.sympatico.ca> <8rio9b$nu1$1@nnrp1.deja.com> <8rl09g$154$1@hpbs1500.boi.hp.com> <39DE4505.836FD77@kiva.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.whitewolf.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 678772839
X-Http-Proxy: 1.1 x60.deja.com:80 (Squid/1.1.22) for client 208.196.123.58
Organization: Deja.com - Before you buy.
X-Article-Creation-Date: Sat Oct 07 22:15:09 2000 GMT
X-MyDeja-Info: XMYDJUIDwatcher_2002
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,alt.gossip.royalty,alt.tennis,alt.games.whitewolf
X-Http-User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 5.5; Windows 98; Win 9x 4.90)
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:11383 alt.gossip.royalty:21544 alt.tennis:23240 alt.games.whitewolf:124687



In article <39DE4505.836FD77@kiva.net>,
  Dana Carpender <dcarpend@kiva.net> wrote:

Mexicans are taking over North America, otherwise known as "ethnic
cleansing".

http://www.aztlan.net/

Friday, October 6, 2000 |  Print this story


Serial Rapist in Custody, Police Say
 Resident of the North Santa Ana neighborhood terrorized by knifepoint
assaults is jailed. Officials trace items stolen from victims to the 22-
year-old.


By JACK LEONARD, THERESA MOREAU, Special to The Times





    After an intensive manhunt, police Thursday arrested a 22-year-old
forklift operator in connection with a string of brazen sexual assaults
that have terrorized a North Santa Ana neighborhood.
    Officers took Eduardo Alberto Guzman into custody at 6:30 a.m. just
moments after he left his girlfriend and toddler for work, booking him
on suspicion of rape and burglary.
    Santa Ana Police Chief Paul M. Walters said Guzman matches a
description and widely circulated police sketch of the knife-wielding
rapist who lurked at night in the carports of gated apartment
buildings, watching women before eventually choosing to strike.
    "There is no doubt in my mind that he is the perpetrator," Walters
said. "We're relieved. For the last two days, we were close."
    But Guzman's 17-year-old girlfriend insisted in an interview that
her boyfriend is innocent and that she was home with him watching
videos or sleeping when the rapist struck.
    "He's a good guy," she said of the suspect. "They just want to
blame somebody. They ought to get the right one because it's not him,
and I know it."
    Police officials released few details about the case, saying their
investigation is continuing. But sources close to the investigation
said detectives are working on the theory that the rapist's crime spree
actually began as a series of robberies before escalating into sexual
assaults.
    Police sources said they tracked down the suspect by following a
trail of stolen property--including jewelry, credit cards, purses and
other items--that the rapist took from victims and passed onto others.
     Other property seized from the eight assault victims was
discovered at Guzman's home, which is just a few blocks from several of
the attacks, the sources said.

     Even Acquaintances of Suspect Relieved
     News of the arrest brought comfort to many in the area where
families had grown so fearful they had changed daily routines to
protect themselves--double-checking locked doors, driving to nearby
shops instead of walking. Even those who know Guzman expressed relief
that police had finally apprehended someone.
     "I've been so nervous because I'm here alone, and I knew this guy
was loose," said Carolyn Rios, who lives near Guzman. "I'm so relieved
he's caught, but I'm very sad it turned out to be Eddie."
     Chief Walters said detectives are awaiting the results of tests on
DNA samples taken from Guzman.
     Investigators spent the morning searching Guzman's home, where a 4-
foot crucifix hung in the living room. Officers trolled through nearby
garbage cans and hauled a half-dozen grocery bags crammed with evidence
away from the single family home.
     Guzman's family watched the search in anguish as investigators
removed $600 in cash, jewelry, some framed pictures and a woman's hat
from the home. Guzman's girlfriend said officers also took away
a "kitchen knife I use to cook."
     The arrest comes as fears of the attacker reached a peak in the 30-
block neighborhood targeted by the rapist. Since July 14, eight women
were assaulted as they walked alone in gated apartment complexes close
to 17th Street between Fairview Street and the Santa Ana Freeway.
     Investigators said that in nearly every attack, the rapist drew a
knife and threatened to kill his target. Then he walked the victim to a
secluded area of the complex, where he assaulted and robbed her.
     Earlier this week, the serial rapist barely eluded a group of
residents who chased him after a sexual assault on Bristol Street,
where a woman was attacked inside a laundry room of an apartment
complex.
     Frustrated, police once again stepped up their investigation,
boosting the number of officers devoted to the case from 30 to 50. The
effort, usually reserved for high-profile murders or abductions, paid
off, officials said.

     Sister Can't Believe Man Could Be Guilty
     On Wednesday night, undercover police officers staked out Guzman's
home and watched him leave for work around 6:30 a.m., Walters said.
Police ordered him to pull his Oldsmobile over as he reached Bristol
and 17th streets, where 15 unmarked police cars along with eight black-
and-whites suddenly appeared in a show of force.
     Guzman has no major criminal record but was convicted in 1996 of
driving a stolen vehicle while a juvenile in Orange County, according
to DMV records. He attended Saddleback and Santa Ana high schools,
according to his older sister, Erlinda Guzman.
     "I cannot see him doing that. I cannot even imagine him doing
that," she said, sobbing. "We grew up together and I know he doesn't
have that side to him. He gets along with his wife."
     "He was a sweetheart," said Lupe Duran, a close friend of Guzman's
live-in girlfriend. "She was always talking about him. She was always
talking about the nice things he bought her. The jewelry. He treated
her nice and always had her nicely dressed."
     Indeed, when Duran began to party excessively, she said it was
Guzman who would speak to her about acting responsibly.
     "He used to say, 'You've got to calm down because you're married
and you have your babies,' " she said. "He was like a big brother. He
always talked straight."
     Local residents recalled Guzman moving into the middle-class
neighborhood just south of the Garden Grove Freeway, by the Santa Ana
River, about three years ago. He, his girlfriend and their 2-year-old
son, Brian, shared an extended room at the back of the single-story
house.
     The family was well-liked in the quiet neighborhood, where Juniper
trees line the streets.
     "They're really nice," said Rios, who lives cater-corner to
Guzman's white, blue-trimmed home. "I've given them pizza and surplus
bread. They're really receptive. I guess they're poor."
     Rios said that in recent days, as police distributed a composite
drawing of the serial rapist, she mentioned to her boyfriend how
strongly the picture resembled their neighbor. She said she also
recognized a shirt that the rapist left behind during one attack as
being similar to one that Guzman owned. But she said she tried to
dismiss the possibility.
     "You know, you don't want to think those things about your
neighbors," she said.




Sent via Deja.com http://www.deja.com/
Before you buy.
