Message-ID: <sf6r0auv4nk160@corp.supernews.com>
Subject: Re: Play nice story - want opnions
Date: Tue, 11 Apr 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Dorian Brytestar" <richw@nospam.com>
References: <sf46vil0cqv17@corp.supernews.com> <38f2428c.0@news.pacifier.com> <sf4i7fnjcqv39@corp.supernews.com> <38f32c07.0@news.pacifier.com> <sf6lohatcqv156@corp.supernews.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 609749281
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.5600
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:7813 rec.games.computer.everquest:5126

Who was killing his placeholder that spawns at the zone?  Bottom line, is if you had
both talked ahead of time and decided it was going to be a FFA, fine, but if you had
not talked it over then whoever Gynok started hitting first had dibs on him, and
anyone else that started attacking after that was KSing from them.  Just because it
is a difficult catch, or Rare spawn, does not mean that it is a FFA. Otherwise you
could say that the Ghoul lord in Guk with a Yak was a rare spawn and go in and KS him
from the group that is there.
--
Dorian Brytestar
Lvl 50 High Elf Cleric of Tunare
Povar
"Rex Wells" <rxwells@speedchoice.com> wrote in message
news:sf6lohatcqv156@corp.supernews.com...
: Well Phaedra, Let me clarify a few things.  The ranger was in the zone, he
: came running up the steps shortly after I zoned into befallen. So was he in
: the zone yes, was at the spawn site no, so how do you determine who was
: there first.  My assessment of the situation was that we were both there at
: about the same time. Now, it really sounds like you have never done this
: quest before. Gynok Moltar is a RARE spawn on the top floor, and there are
: other things that spawn up there, so you will be camping the spawn site for
: anywhere from 20 min, to 20 hours.  Now he is TOTALLY different than mitty,
: the only similarity between the two is they both give rings for the quest.
: Mitty is not a rare spawn at all.  Mitty does not wander. Mitty spawns every
: 16 minutes, in the same location, like clockwork.  A spawn rotation works
: very well there, and I indeed used it, with many people during my 4 day camp
: of her, to get the gold ring.  Gynok Moltar however is a TOTALLY RANDOM
: spawn, with many different theories of placeholders and other things that
: will cause him to spawn.  The rotation theory cannot work with him.  The
: ranger did not need any assistance, he had 2 other ppl helping him, he did
: not need me.  So I guess you are suggesting that when he pop's we should all
: sit down and /random for who gets to kill him, while he is wandering down to
: the third floor????  We both wanted to kill the mob, we both felt that we
: had been camping the mob.  I did read the post you are referring to, and
: used it's ideas for the mitty camp, and they were indeed useful, however
: they cannot be applied with gynok, as he is a very different type of spawn.
:





