Message-ID: <8au6r902u7@enews1.newsguy.com>
Subject: Re: What's the hurry?
Date: Fri, 17 Mar 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Purusa" <david@madbbs.com>
References: <8351A4794E294324.BECA6F3B6CA14306.C7E298CAAF50B93C@lp.airnews.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 598927554
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.3825.400
Organization: http://extra.newsguy.com
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:6927 rec.games.computer.everquest:3806

I agree.  Hurry, hurry, level up!  Agh.  Maybe these folks are Type A
personalities that in life also find themselves in a ongoing, never winnable
'race'.

I love interacting with the other players, helping out where I can and
ofttimes being aided myself.

BTW, cursed items are a GREAT idea!

High-level players offering their own atainable quests for the lower levels
is a wonderful idea.  As a fellow beginner, I have gotten momentarily bored
killing the same critters over and over again.  Yet, if you are over bold
and venture where you shouldn't...ouch.  Perhaps the veterans who are
familiar with the dangers could fashion do-able, yet interesting quests.

Another idea for the higher ups:  invite low-levels to travel with you, not
JOIN, but just to travel and see some sights.  I would have LOVED to see
those Fire Giants at Oasis (thanks to 'kg' for linking to images), but I
would have been nuts to try to get there by myself.  Hey, a high-level Tour
Guide!

And...a high-level whatever, actually training and teaching the younglings.
Rather than standing around like the NPC trainers do, a high-level Mage for
example could travel with and lead a youngster or a joined group of
youngsters.  Not fighting FOR them, but giving verbal advice and maybe
demonstrations.

But, perhaps I give away my bias.  You power-gamers probably won't get into
this.

In this outer world which we call 'real'  ;)  I am a teacher.  I teach
psychology and also computer & Internet use.  I love teaching.  And when I
am in Norrath, that inclination stays with me.  Some of my most enjoyable
moments have come when I've sat down with a beginner younger than myself,
and 'taught' them about some of the aspects of this new realm.  Some things
I learned from other kindly souls in the realm; other things I've learned
from purusing that ever so magickal web in the outer world.

I would love to create a Teachers' Guild where the mandate is to help and
teach others and play for the fantasy of the game and the fun and not for
levels.

--Purusa
"Dalavidu" on Luclin

BTW, George, PLEASE do not just lurk!


"George Harvey" <gharvey@fastlane.net> wrote in message
news:8351A4794E294324.BECA6F3B6CA14306.C7E298CAAF50B93C@lp.airnews.net...
> I've been watching these newsgroups for a couple of weeks now (since I
> purchased the game - I admit it, I'm a newbie), and I find myself seeing a
> recurring theme across many of the posts. It seems like everybody is in
such
> a big hurry to level up and get better equipment that they don't always
stop
> to check to see if they're enjoying the game.

[snip]

> Who are we trying to impress, or racing against?

[snip]

> And all you people with bored 50th level characters siting on near
infinite
> resources with nothing to kill - why don't YOU make up some quests for the
> lower levels, and reward them if they bring the stuff to you. Just take a
> night off from you excruciating camping/sharing scenarios and have some
fun
> with the new players, in a constructive way?
>
> Just some random musings. I'll go back to lurking now.
>
> gh





