Message-ID: <3920766d.65375360@news.speakeasy.org>
Subject: Re: Shadowrun MMORPG
Date: Mon, 15 May 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: draculax10@my-deja.com (Draculus)
References: <391ef656.40184170@news.speakeasy.org> <20000515162834.17710.00004711@nso-ce.aol.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.asherons-call.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 623821061
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Complaints-To: abuse@GigaNews.Com
X-Trace: sv2-KpZTqu0UFJzPegyQyfp7HbtUm29ECvVr4v1QBHiOfGU0c/eu1gdclNr8CTA6VRJ6w47JyCe8katV363!8Xakx5+GN4WSu2jhNAPfGIogqN6VnQ==
Organization: Giganews.Com - Premium News Outsourcing
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 15 May 2000 18:00:58 CDT
Newsgroups: alt.games.asherons-call,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.asherons-call:22564 alt.games.everquest:9271

>	Death is the first subject that comes to mind.  Characters die all the time,
>and when they die it's forever.  How many of you would like raising your
>character to mind-boggeling stats only to die from one lucky shot, or getting
>run over by a bus.  Worse if they can die like this and then wake up back at a
>bar, where is the danger?  Can't truly die, how dark and gritty is that?

Well, perhaps there would have to be stiffer death penalties...of
course you couldn't die in a high-rise on a mission and get your body
back easily...so I think it'd be more likely that the game simply
trashes your equipment or most of it...and you wake up naked somewhere

This would take the focus off of "getting the best equipment" and back
on role-playing and doing quests (runs)..that is the whole point of
Shadowrun, to 'run' (means to go on missions).

>	In SR there is no random wandering for leveling.  All karma must be earned
>from runs.  If one were to go randomly killing people in SR, even just gangers
>who attacked you, then Lone Star (the cops) would send SWAT teams out after
>you.

This is a good thing I think, how many people REALLY feel good about
themselves when they're sitting there wasting HUNDREDS of hours of
their life watching your character whack the same monsters over and
over

>	Part of SR's unique flavor is that Seattle is a free city in the middle of
>hostile territory.  Do you really want to role-play bureaucratic red tape?  How
>about racial intollerance?

I think this would be interesting to implement...faction may be more
like, instead of being "Killed on Sight" they just don't talk to you
or don't give you quests

>	There are several types of astral quests that take up no time in the real
>world.  They work this way becasue the spell caster would be toast if s/he had
>to stop in the middle of combat and lie there vunerable.  Would the rest of the
>game stop while you do this?

Well for example when a decker starts hacking into a system in a
crowded building, it'd be unfair if they were safe from being
killed...so this sort of forces grouping which is a good thing

Of course there would be plenty of places to solo as well

>	In other games you're heroes.  In SR you're a criminal, often by just being
>born.

I think this is also a positive thing, instead of going on a mission
to rescue a maiden you have espionage, assassination, sabotage,
courier services, escorting people to places, etc...

Looking at RPG Vault there are WAY too many fantasy MMORPG's coming,
most of those will probably fail

>	The mechanics could be adapted, the system is useable, but it could never be
>SR.
>

I understand where you're coming from, but let me explain the "vision"
I have...


So a group of characters is meeting in a bar, a mage with lots of
protection spells, a street samurai ready to kick butt, and a dwarf
mercenary with grenades hanging off him like a christmas tree


They want to do a run that one of them found out about through a
contact (The runs might be randomized...differ from week to week,
wouldn't be hard at all to code)


They are supposed to break into a certain corporation's skyscraper and
kill an executive heavily guarded on the 10th floor.


They need someone to disable security so they ask if there is a decker
(hacker) in the room and an elven decker offers his services.  Once
they have him they depart for the building.  

They enter the building and take out the initial guards, the decker
gets into a terminal and disables security for the next floor and
enables elevators 

They go to the next floor and repeat the process, guard the decker
while he does his thing so they can move up to the appropriate floor.


(This would be done this way so that one group couldn't let others get
in so easily...the floor's security would only stay down long enough
for one group to get in and out. So unless maybe the decker is of the
highest skill they can't just zoom up into the desired floor...and it
could be done without a decker it'd just take more brute force)


They finally get up to the 10th floor, and start making their way to
the executive's office...The door is completely locked, so the
mercenary plants some explosives and forces it open


When they get inside they have to do combat with the executive and his
bodyguards, this may seem violent but it is nothing compared to most
First Person Shooters and the game could just be PG-13 or 17 (Would
likely attract an older audience anyway)



Other quests wouldn't even have to be urban...Shadowrun has outside
areas too!  Caves could exist out in forest and mountain areas and
inside them could inhibit various monsters, tribesman, and dragons

It'd of course be a ways off and by then...I can imagine the graphics
hardware will be pretty amazing so walking around in a lush urban town
won't really be a problem though.  


The main benefits would be that when playing this game you are
immersed, never get bored, always have challenges and can easily hook
up with other people and get things done


Seriously, play the SNES or especially the Genesis version of the
games if you want to see what I'm talking about.  They are old and not
perfect but they demonstrate a huge amount of quality, replay value
and addictive qualities.  

They both got great reviews and sold well, and now the people who
played them are old enough to afford a monthly charge game. I would go
as far to say that this game would be much more successful than
EverQuest and be a contender to match Star Wars Online because this
would be much darker and a different market





-D-
