Message-ID: <shljje9kcp169@corp.supernews.com>
Subject: VERANT PLEASE READ: Faction and experience awarding issues... (NOT ROK RELATED)
Date: Thu, 11 May 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Inyx D'Ater" <kijo@c4.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 622141382
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6600
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:9148 rec.games.computer.everquest:6696

First off, thanks for the CLERIC ROBE and the new DE Cleric quests!!  I
can't wait to do the third one, the first two had a great storyline behind
them.  Thanks for one night of fun even though I was fighting greens, I had
fun.

Now to the real point of this message....

I had a few situations pop up over the last weekend and I just wanted to see
if they are known problems to verant and if they are are being worked on.

Last weekend I was in the Overthere and killing Sarnaks for faction and
experience, when using my attack spell to do over 200 pts of damage to the
beasts I was sometimes not getting faction messages.  I thought it might be
that I wasn't meleeing them, so, I switched to melee and hit them a couple
of times each battle and still 1 out of 4 didn't get a faction message.

On a similar note, before I got to group with the Sarnak group, I happened
to sit down in the middle of them killing a sarnak and recieved faction
messages when I hadn't attacked, targetted or even been attacked by the
sarnak before its death.

Another thing happened last night with my warrior, I was tanking a croc with
a ranger and druid in Oasis when the druid and ranger were agro'd on by a
trained sand giant.  We all started running for zone, but the croc was
almost dead.  I ran the croc away from the beach and the SG to finish it
off.  But, to my surprise killing this yellow did not award anyone in our
party the experience.  It was killed by my blow, not a dot.  Both the other
characters were still in zone, but probably a third of the way across zone
from me when it died.

So, I was just wondering are these known bugs?  Is there anything I should
do to lessen my chance of running into these things?

Inyx D'Ater
41th lvl Disciple of Innoruuk
Lanys T'Vyl




