Message-ID: <387CF2D8.3BE044B7@escape.ca>
Subject: Re: Ideas for Improvement: Kerra Isle
Date: Wed, 12 Jan 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Canticle <canticle@escape.ca>
References: <387C636A.4874998@escape.ca> <85ibc7$7tu$1@nnrp1.deja.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 571808533
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Trace: typhoon.mbnet.mb.ca 947712614 209.202.46.27 (Wed, 12 Jan 2000 15:30:14 CST)
Organization: MBnet Networking Inc.
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 12 Jan 2000 15:30:14 CST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:3612 rec.games.computer.everquest:363



midasear@my-deja.com wrote:

> What the game really needs are a couple more 35+ level areas.  That was
> the primary motivation for the Splitpaw and Kithicor changes.  The game
> doesn't need another low-level dungeon with good loot.  That describes
> the old Splitpaw perfectly, and it was always empty.

Splitpaw's problems were slightly different.

Kerra Isle is extremely close to a bindable area. Splitpaw was not.

As for more 35+ levels? Nope...with the release of Ruins of Kunark and
foreign sales, March will see a host of new players. More 35 levels are
coming....the Hole and Paineel sound like they are both geared towards
these levels, but I think getting rid of low level zones is NOT the
answer. It's great for the higher levels, but what about the folks who
start newer characters? What about new players? What about folks who
just DON'T play more than once or twice a week?

> Low level Erudites ALREADY have another excellent low level dungeon
> available to them.  It's called Blackburrow.  They could already be
> using  Kerra Isle, but its empty.  Its not empty because of the lack of
> loot.  The loot in Blackburrow sucks rocks, too.  Its empty because
> it's isolated, unlike Blackburrow, and has even worse trains.

Blackburrow never seemed to suck rocks when I was 6th level. I thought
it was great, and when I got a spiked collar (my first 'major' magic
item) it was VERY cool. If you AREN'T someone who twinks or reads
spoiler sites (and there ARE lots of them), a Spiked Collar at 8th level
is a VERY cool thing. The group I was in was stoked. That's the kind of
feeling that keeps us playing EQ.

Kerra Isle is isolated, but it is literally as far away from Erudin as
Blackburrow is from Qeynos and Surefall Glade. Takes me 2 and half
minutes (roughly) to get to each dungeon respectively.

I played an Erudite Necromancer, and I went to Blackburrow NOT because
it was 'more accessible'. It sure as hell isn't (a boat wait, 4 zone
crossings as opposed to 2 zone crossings and a short swim/small boat).
It had better loot for my level.

> Adding items of marginal worth MIGHT make it appealing to low-level
> Erudites, but probably not.  Few tanks are going to make the trek to
> Kerra Isle to help a L12 Erudite caster get an Erudite-only Feathered
> Headband.  Erudite Paladins as tanks?  The only rarer class/race combo
> has to be the Gnome cleric.

Heh, true enough. Lancerkelric, one of the members of my guild, is
pretty well known SOLELY due to his status as a high level Erudite
Paladin.

I think you're underestimating peoples interest in seeing 'new things'
though. I could easily be wrong, but I think some of the ideas I
presented would lead to a moderate increase in zone population, pulling
(naturally) from other zones.

> I hope that both the Hole and Kerra Isle wind up as 35+ zones.  Odus
> would become very popular very fast. It would even help out newbie
> Erudites.  They could make a killing gathering spell-reagents for busy
> high-level casters.  Toxx might even attract Qeynos newbies.

Personally, as an Erudite Necromancer (who is currently, admittedly,
languishing), I hate the udea. I WANT the Hole to be high level, but all
Kerra Isle needs (IMHO) is rethinking, not relevelling. If they start
relevelling all the zones which are currently underpopulated because of
bad design, it's NOT changing the bad design. Witness Kithicor...it's
slightly more populated than it used to be, but the problem wasn't the
zone's monster population, it was HOW it was implemented. It's a pass
through zone, and it needed redesign, not a whole whack of new high
level beasts. IMHO =).
 
Jeff-boy


