Message-ID: <XNaFOMpHoCZKtUSiPFdMdY832W44@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: Trade wish list. (Insert [Brad/Gordon/Whoever] Here)
Date: Wed, 19 Jan 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
References: <3884E2BD.D7D51B1D@alcaudon.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 574724831
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 948296052 24.3.225.40 (Wed, 19 Jan 2000 07:34:12 PST)
Organization: The Electronic Tribe
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 19 Jan 2000 07:34:12 PST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:4000 rec.games.computer.everquest:669

On Tue, 18 Jan 2000 22:07:04 GMT, Shrike <shrike@alcaudon.com> wrote:

Yes,  I'm a tailor and it is many time harder than smithing since you
need to smith, possibly brew and find hides. Maybe it makes sense
that hides are not on a vendor, but I think at least ONE should have
all the hides.  Tailor made backpacks which are the only item that are
really worth selling,cost  30 to 50 plat if you buy one since frankly
we have so much troulbe getting any high quality bear pelts and pay 10
plat for them. Either brown and black bears should drop them more, or
it should be altered so high quality cat could be used to (millions of
those on vendors by now on most servers) I'd really rather have
leather shops sell hides though.  For comparison:

Do you you think that people would bother smithing if;
1) they had to go out and get the ore off mobs, like the mudmen
in beholder (tailors have to do that, go and kill for materials or buy
from the killers or vendors)
2) if the ore that they needed BESIDES being on creatures was RARE,
like if steel plate for banded armor was hardly dropped, and they paid
10 plat a piece from players. 

I don't think anyone would smith. Well, tailors have to do this.

>After getting heavily into trading this last few weeks (master Jeweler,
>Smith, Baker, Potter, and soon Tailor and Brewer), I have a couple of
>suggestions.
>
>One would be NOT to make trades easier. Trades right now are exceedingly
>frustrating, but part of the reason they are worthwhile is that not
>EVERYONE feels like becoming a tradesman, and this is the way it should
>be. In fact, the few trades that are vital to certain classes (i.e,
>Rogues and Pottery) are the easiest to master (and no, Jewelcraft is not
>vital to Enchanters, though it's nice). So that works.

>The other would be to make more items stackable... That has no bearing
>on how easy a trade is, and a lot on how insanely inconvenient things
>get. For example, it makes no sense that pelts aren't stackable (come
>on, something that's perfectly flat is not stackable?) 

Yep,  I  thought pelts should be too, and sheets of metal.
The weight is enough of a detriment.

>and something
>like glass bottles are. Right now there isn't really much rhyme or
>reason to why some items stack and some don't, and I don't think it
>would hurt the game to make more items, particularly trade items,
>stackable.
>
>The third suggestion would be to implement portable Forges, Ovens,
>Kilns, Potter Wheels and Brewing Barrels as Tinkering items. 

Well there is a portable oven, the spit. It is nearly weightless and I
use that to  cook. Like the large sewing kit it doubles as a container
that cant hold BIG items, justdont hit combine or haveanything too
valueble in it.

>This would
>enhance Tinkering, and give us traders some freedom of movement (how fun
>is it to have to wait hours for a free forge?). 

Yeah and moving around 3 different zones of freeport for the materials
AND having to find a free forge. Thatis still easier than tailoring
though  ; ); at least swatches stack though, and kiolas making the
making of cured silk easier but I only made cured to get to backpacks.
Now that Im at backpacks I might make ONE per 6 hour play session if
lucky cause that is all the hides I would get, killing  bears and
auctioning in every zone to buy them all for 10 plat.

>This is a goal, but if
>you guys think this would completely unbalance the game and bring all
>servers to a screeching halt, at least make the forges and barrels
>usable by more than one person at the same time, just as bankers and
>merchants are.
>
>Any comments?

Yeah, trades really need so much work it is incredible.
Whoever designed the way tailoring works has obviously never done it.
I can make backpacks, yet I can't since can't get materials.
I'm not saying high  quality bear pelts should fall from the sky, but 
something should be done. 

For example, there is a BIG brown and blackbear spawn in mtns of
rathe. Of course no one low level goes there, kinda unbalanced zone
plus the bears are right by druids so  bad for evils. 
Foresight, about tailoring, would have been to have that black and
brown bear spawn in feeroot.  As it is the large Evil races have  no
way to get bear hides for armor except for zones FAR away or in mtn
rathe where they are really not so welcome. If  that spawn was in
feeroot you'd have lil ogres and trolls killing bears, selling hides
to vendors, making their own armor - (patchwork, low skill  required),
selling high quality hides more often to tailors (really should
increase drop rate too i  spent 2 hours in mtn rathe at level 35
killing them fast, got one high qual hide, ridiculous) AND maybe more
people would play trolls and ogres since they'd have a better newbie
area. Misty is popular because it has lots of vendors, wolves are
right there. I could make a level one halfing of any class in misty,
and have made myself a full suit of patchwork armor at level 2 and be
making it for others.

D 






