Message-ID: <89gnic$s17$1@nnrp1.deja.com>
Subject: Re: Brad on placing level limits on items
Date: Tue, 29 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: rakadar@my-deja.com
References: <sblqvpdhjp36@news.supernews.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 591311457
X-Http-Proxy: 1.1 x23.deja.com:80 (Squid/1.1.22) for client 24.12.17.116
Organization: Deja.com - Before you buy.
X-Article-Creation-Date: Tue Feb 29 15:11:10 2000 GMT
X-MyDeja-Info: XMYDJUIDrakadar
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
X-Http-User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 4.01; Windows 98)
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:5892 rec.games.computer.everquest:2622

In article <sblqvpdhjp36@news.supernews.com>,
  "Pacer Silverfang" <pacerdawn@remove-this.iname.com> wrote:
> I've seen quite a few posts from people suggesting putting level
limits on
> items to prevent twinking.  Brad McQuaid actually posted something
about
> this many moons ago, and it goes something like this:
>
> <BRAD>
> Hard level limits cause economic stagnation, rapid devaluation of
items, and
> are very frustrating to a person who excels or is lucky and obtains
an item
> fair and square that the designers have deemed too high level for him.
>  </BRAD>
>
> To anyone who is playing AC (which has item level limits), is this
happening
> in that game do you know?  Perhaps it would be time to re-address
this issue
> if not.
>
> ---
> Pacer Silverfang, Ranger
> Innoruuk
>
>


Twinking does suck.  It does hurt the player that is there for the
quest...not the farming aspect.  There are those that don't believe
they are doing wrong.  Heh, someone who camps the Haste sash for a lvl
5....yeah, that's right.  Lets see, if everyone camped what they could,
when they could....L Guk wouldn't be an overpopulated dungeon.  There
are a few dungeons that are just madly overpopulated, and the rest
not.   Recently, when I was 35 and upgraded my WOVEN armor for the
first time-- I went to Sol A where I found alot of it.  I had been 35
for 3 months, leaving EQ for 2 months.  When I came back, no longer was
Sol A mega-camped.  I upgraded with no problem...though, now it wasn't
a challenge w/ all the greens =/


All my woven armor went to merchants.


At lvl 42 now (refusing to lvl up fast to 50 because, what do you do
then?), I *JUST* got my JBoots.  My ex-guildmates at lvl 5 has JBoots
though...yep, they pay a lvl 50 to fight the rare spawning Ancient
Cyclops in S Ro....and then the lvl 5 loots the no drop ring.
Funny...when I was there for the Ancient Cyclops yesterday...after
camping an hour in S Ro, a 50 Necromancer came thru, saw it and took
it.  Ok, no problem....well, I waited until 6pm yesterday for the next
AC to spawn.  I luckily got it.  I now have JBoots....but it isn't from
lack of trying.  It's from lack of wanting to sit in a desert...wait on
a spawn that I *MIGHT* get if powerlvling cheaters don't pay lvl 50
muscle to steal it from me.  YES, I do believe it was my Ancient
Cyclops, I was there since 7am waiting on it, and FREQUENTLY I was the
ONLY one in S Ro until the kiddies came on-- who else do you think was
clearing Place Holders all day long?


I won't camp an SMR-- 2 reasons....everyone: Druids, Shamans, Clerics,
Warriors, Monks, Rogues....U name it...are camping it....so you are
never 1st in line.  Being 2nd in line can mean a wait of 2 or 3 days
easily.  Why does a warrior need an SMR by the way?  Is he a closet-
caster?  Two, to compensate for farmers and to make the SMR "rare"
Verant upped the drop rate of the SMR to figure in for an "overcrowded"
market-- they prolly do the math....and figure out the spawn rate from
there.  I'd like it if this was a quest item...with no drop components,
and ways to not let lvl 5s come in and loot it like the AC ring.  The
only ppl now that can win a robe, are those that have SO much time on
their hands...or a powerlvling guild that passes around their
characters to each other to camp stuff 24-7.


Jealous?  HA !  I'm a lvl 42 Enchanter....I see HUGE problems with the
current system.  Overcrowding...greatly contributed to by
farming...either for Twinkies....Money (since Verant is making Money
Sinks w/o shutting off Money Sources)...and EBay.  Twinking really sux
too, as my Wizard ex-guildmate of 50 made a new necro...twinked to mad
hell (it was sorta sweet irony when he died, got disconnected for more
than an hour on his ISP and came back and it was all gone when he was
lvl 4)....and then a few months later...discarding the NEcro...made a
Shaman...again, twinked to high hell.   If it wasnt'  for Shaman's SoW
ability, you can BET he'd have JBoots on this new Shaman.


Right now, my Enchanter is coming into alot of great items, one at a
time, by his own powers.  It's a sense of accomplishment.  I haven't
bought one item on my ENchanter....and only one thing was handed to
me-- a crude stein...and that's because I refuse to kill Ogre Guards.
(Technically I traded my Gatorscale Legs for Arms too...but that was
because of the unstable servers a month back when we kept getting
booted over and over...for 3 days i camped the Ancient Croc...once my
turn was up in line...uncannily an hour later, I was booted, i'd come
back...and it was camped...happened 4 times in 3 days...oh well, my
double leg loot worked out...traded one for arms.)  But, essentially, I
don't camp what i don't need.


So many ppl say:  All this game is here to do is to kill and lvl up to
kill the next thing.  True if you buy all your stuff and start w/ lvl
50 items.  When I started my Halfling warrior...ppl looked at me funny
in all leather at lvl 10 w/ a rusty axe.  ALOT of ppl tried handing me
stuff, saying: "Wow, you need this."  What fun is a warrior to play if
you don't earn your equipment?  Then again, most Halfling Warriors were
fully twinked...Crafted armor...and an Exe axe.


The funniest comment I heard one day over my ex-guild powerlvling chat
was:  "No, I don't want the exe axe for my twinky...that's a pretty
crappy starting weapon."  ROFL.  Ahhh, the spoiled.  I'm all for lvl
limits on items-- guess what, if only 25+ could use Blackened Iron
Bastard Swords...but only 35+ could use exe axes....guess how much
better the prices of BIBS come up?  Guess how many more ppl would be in
Runnyeye?  Sure, there'd be farmers back there....but the current
system bites and needs revamped.  <---  Yes, i know that's a "small and
possibly flawed" example...it's just a fast one....if you can't wear an
exe axe at lvl 1...maybe you'll look for mino axes.



If Verant looks at the lvl limit system, then they should also look
into a farming deterrent systems too.



Rak.



P.S.: When one is usually twinked, one is usually buffed by higher
lvls...resed when they die by guildmates all their life, know where the
"easy" outdoor spawns are too....and generally the crappiest and mostly
spoiled bunch of players that ever walked Norrath ("YOU DON'T OWN THAT
SPAWN SINCE YOU CLEARED THE ROOM OUT THAT I COULDN'T POSSIBLY HOLD AND
HAVE BEEN CLEARING THE PH-ERS ALL DAY LONG, AND HAVE SAT HERE FOR 12
HOURS STRAIGHT WHEN I WALTZ IN AND IN 5 SECONDS SEE IT AND TRY AND TAKE
IT FROM YOU!!!!!")  I hate playing w/ no-technique ppl alot.


A good story is an Enchanter I know.  We both play in L
Guk....everytime he yells for a team, SOMEONE ALWAYS SAYS IN MY GROUP:
"Don't add him...he REALLY sux," when they are looking for a
replacement for me when I leave LOL.  I *HAD* to know how he could
possibly keep up w/ me in lvls (not that I lvl like mad...my character
is almost a year old and I frequently do quests and have fun rather
than powerlvl to 50)...I find I die ALOT less than him...and I am
accepted to groups readily, while he has it tuff.  Know how?  I don't
think he died once w/o someone ressing him his whole life-- he has a
small death penalty =/   ALSO, when I told him my CHA was 193...his was
150...he *HAD* to get better CHA.....I logged off for 3 hours, come
back...he has an Insiduous Wand and a few other CHA items that would
take awhile to camp (he barely won the golden rod for the beginning of
the quest...w/ my help)....and suddenly...he had the insiduous wand.
Hmmm...of course he bought it.  Now his CHA is 199.  LOL, he doesn't
even use Mes/stun/charm at all. *ROFL*....just a story.


OH, (last thing I promise), same guy...I leave EQ at 6am-- he's camping
the Sage room.  I come back at 3pm....he has an SMR.  I said: "How'd
you get that???"  He goes, "I camped it."  Yeah...ok, either he's
telling the truth, and as normal, the totally inept gets the robe in
minutes compared to a good player, or he bought it.  Funny story to it
(so you can get an idea of how stupid he is)...he traded it...for
something not so good-- he recamped it a few days later...on his 13th
hour he fell asleep in L Guk....his group didn't have a TPer and he was
leader so they couldn't TP him out...I *TRIED* to petition the GMs to
get him disconnected...they couldn't.  He was just barely 40....when he
woke up, he was just barely 39.  *shrugs*


That's how Twinking, and many times other things that go hand in hand
with it, hurt the game.


Sent via Deja.com http://www.deja.com/
Before you buy.


