Message-ID: <380D4351.264C63A9@escape.ca>
Subject: Re: AC vs EQ, the good and the bad
Date: Wed, 20 Oct 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: Canticle <canticle@escape.ca>
References: <7uh7topn4@tines.hsc.fr>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.asherons-call.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 538284172
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Trace: typhoon.mbnet.mb.ca 940393279 209.202.46.27 (Tue, 19 Oct 1999 23:21:19 CDT)
Organization: MBnet Networking Inc.
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 19 Oct 1999 23:21:19 CDT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,alt.games.asherons-call
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:3050 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:47487 alt.games.asherons-call:614



Vincent Archer wrote:
 
> I admit it, I've been relaxing out of EQ and playing Asheron's Call beta
> for a while (haven't pushed a character very high yet, will try to do so
> before beta ends). Since AC will hit the stores early november, and thus
> will *NOT* change in any significant manner before release, it is now
> safe to make a meaningful comparison between both.

Heh, I've been doing the same thing, but I do disagree with some of your
observations...

> * where AC wins over EQ
 
> - Outdoors. Now, you really have a sense of a world. If you tought that
>   Norrath was huge, Dereth beats it down. I ran my ass off for 20mn, and
>   found out on a A3 map that I had travelled 2cm on it...

I got more annoyed with this than I did in EQ. In EQ, one of the major
problems for me as a Warrior is the fact that getting anywhere fast is
NOT an option. Period. I don't mind it, though, because I CAN get to
where I need to be in under a half hour.

In Asheron's Call, more often than not, I was wondering why I was
bothering. It IS easier to get to places you want to be at in Asheron's
Call in some respects, but there is such a thing as making a game world
too big...EverQuest is pushing the envelope in that direction, I think
Asheron's Call throws the envelope out. That's my opinion though...I
WANT big game worlds, but I want it to be realistic that I can explore
them.
 
>   Gone is the clipping plane. A progressive "rough" replaces it, so you
>   see up to the horizon, and see buildings and the like from afar.

I think this may have been part of the EQ Design Team's decision to
introduce an option to move out the clipping place in EQ (planned, not
implemented). It's nice.
 
> - Zones. The zones are almost invisible. Ok, I got caught in portal storms,
>   and notice the hiccups when zoning, but, except when you go into
>   dungeons, the zoning is unnoticeable.

I wouldn't say unnoticeable...all the hype about 'no zoning' is just
that. Dereth is one gigantic Plains of Karana with all the nifty stuff
in seperate zones accessed through portals (re: zones). You definitely
do it less in Asheron's Call though, and that IS a bonus. On my system,
though, it takes me less than 30 seconds to zone in EQ and that doesn't
bug me a bit.

> - Emotes. The capacity for emotes is there, and it's huge. Apart from the
>   corny YMCA (yeech), you have everything to satisfy the roleplayer.
>   (funny how Verant suddendly pops animations to go with text emotes...)

Why funny? I LOVE it when companies see what other companies are doing
and implement something similar.

Witness UO slowly, but assuredly, moving towards the introduction of PK
Switches after 2 years of attempting (and failing) to convince people
they were not necessary. 
 
What's wrong with taking a good idea and introducing your own version of
it? 

> - Item diversity. There's an incredible diversity of items out there. So
>   much that you probably will not have the "same equipment" as your
>   fellow player next door. (I wish the icons were bigger & better looking,
>   but that would clutter the interface too much).

I agree and disagree...I HATE the graphics in EverQuest...never has 3D
looked worse. UO is a GOOD example of how you DON'T NEED 3D to look
good. Period. UO is a graphically beautiful and impressive game. As 3D
games go, EverQuest has some amazing moments going for it.

Asheron's Call has some nice landscapes, but that is it...the character
graphics don't even approach what I think a mediocre artist is capable
of, and that is really a sticking point with me. Games don't HAVE to
look good to play well...but when they are downright ugly (as the
character models in Asheron's Call are) I find it distracting.
 
Hell, back in the days of Ultima IV, I didn't play a particular knock
off from Electronic Arts not because the gameplay was different (it
wasn't), but it was graphically uglier. I think it was called Deathlords
or something, basically an Oriental version of Ultima.

> - Skill system. It allows for a wide diversity (I picked a Blademaster, and
>   dropped useless skills, and added Missile Defense instead. Other would
>   add ranged attacks, or a minor in creature magic) of player profiles.

Skill systems are nice, but there are already serious problems cropping
up with balance, and even character creation exploits which allow people
access to huge sums of money by picking one template over another,
deleting it, then creating another to pick up what that template
dropped.
 
I DO like the skill system, don't get me wrong, but it's FULL of loop
holes, and this close to release, I would hope they have plans to close
all of them.

> - Player look. I haven't seen any character looking exactly like another.
>   Color clothes, variety of equipment lead to a quick visual recognition.

They are universally ugly...I STILL prefer UO over both EQ and AC in
terms of character appearance. NO current MPORPG allows the diversity in
appearance that LOOKS GOOD that UO does.

I hope EQ takes advantage of the optional patch system they've
introduced to improve and add character art.

> - Death penalties. Like EQ, you are hit with two different penalties upon
>   dying, item loss (and subsequent corpse recovery) and XP penalty, in the
>   form of Vitae loss. Damn, I wish the designers would stick with one
>   single, uniform penalty - full corpse recovery, or xp/vitae loss.

I don't know, I'd still say in EQ it sucks worse to die...vitae loss,
you can recover from a LOT more easily than XP loss in EQ, it's almost
neglible as a penalty.
 
> - Quests. What quests? You have the same "give me this and I'll reward you"
>   and "take this, find X and give it to him" quests. Some are a bit more
>   intricate... or so I have been said. Never seen any.

I have, and they are WORSE than EQ's. Most of EQs are the fetch and
carry variety but at least they are telling a story through them and you
can get a fleshing out of the world background. And some of EQs quests
provide some nice visual rewards as well (the corrupt shopkeeper's
execution in Qeynos). Asheron's Call is more fetch and carry than EQ, in
my experience.

> - Magic system. The concept looks initially interesting, but it's only that.
>   If you're willing to endure the tedium of it, you can figure out all
>   spells out by yourself. There's also only a moderate variety of spells,
>   which only marginally look different.

I like the concept better than EQ's, but implementation SUCKS. End of
story.

> - Monster AI. What AI? Monsters have a range (X% of the radar view). If
>   you are in range, they go straight to you (and get stuck on a wall).
>   I've seen that behaviour on the 2nd floor of a dungeon. Monsters in the
>   1st floor would go straight to me... then figure out they couldn't get
>   to me at all (because I wasn't on the same floor). If there is no straight
>   line from where the monster is to you, you're safe.

EQ's is not much different, in a lot of respects...although it seems to
improve as they remove exploitations used by characters and tweak the
monster AI to take certain things into account.

> - Lack of zone character. The areas look incredibly "same". Not much
>   character to these.

No argument. I could NOT tell when I first started playing where I
actually was, even though they've created three distinct culture
groups...everything, from buildings down to the trees, looks the same.
 
> I appreciated AC because it offers a refreshing change. But the bad parts
> *far* outweight the good ones - for a casual gaming experience, AC wins. But
> the lack of bank, lack of group support, the awful monster AI prevent it
> from being a good game, let alone a game winner.

Asheron's Call makes for a good solo game...for a while. I got tired of
it very quickly.

Jeff-boy
