Message-ID: <380de5cf.74849@news.cisnet.com>
Subject: Re: AC vs EQ, the good and the bad
Date: Wed, 20 Oct 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: drocket@hotmail.com (drocket)
References: <7uh7topn4@tines.hsc.fr>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.asherons-call.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 538464647
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,alt.games.asherons-call
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:3043 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:47473 alt.games.asherons-call:605

On 19 Oct 1999 07:51:20 GMT, archer@hsc.fr (Vincent Archer) wrote:

>* where AC wins over EQ
>
>- Outdoors. Now, you really have a sense of a world. If you tought that
>  Norrath was huge, Dereth beats it down. I ran my ass off for 20mn, and
>  found out on a A3 map that I had travelled 2cm on it...

Yes, I love the size of AC.  I've regularly wandered out far from town
and played without seeing anyone for an hour of two straight.  Its
dangerous but fun.  I also love how being outside in AC FEELS like
being outside.  Being in a forest in AC actually sort of feels like
being in a real forest.  EQ does a very bad job of wilderness.  EQ has
plains with a few scattered trees, and you have giant stumps that go
up to the zone roof, and nothing in between.  In AC you go from plains
to scattered trees to quite a few trees to a densely packed forest.
Very nice.

>  Gone is the clipping plane. A progressive "rough" replaces it, so you
>  see up to the horizon, and see buildings and the like from afar.

The distant clip plane is great.  It makes it much harder to get lost.
No wandering 10 feet from the guard tower and having it disappear.  It
makes for some beautiful vistas, too.

>- Zones. The zones are almost invisible. Ok, I got caught in portal storms,
>  and notice the hiccups when zoning, but, except when you go into
>  dungeons, the zoning is unnoticeable.

Actually, I'm not sure if its a hiccup from zoning or if its just
stops to load the next area.  Its really very minor, though.  Protal
storms are a real problem, though, expecially during times of heavy
usage.

>- Item diversity. There's an incredible diversity of items out there. So
>  much that you probably will not have the "same equipment" as your
>  fellow player next door. (I wish the icons were bigger & better looking,
>  but that would clutter the interface too much).

Its nice that pretty much everything has its own icon.  Even items
that vary in color have their own icon.  You go into the store and see
they're selling a blue shirt, and if you buy it it'll actually be
blue.  Also, if you drop something on the ground it almost always
looks like the right item.  A loaf of bread looks like a loaf of
bread.  Cheese looks like cheese.  An egg looks like an egg.  No
generic baggies here.

>- Skill system. It allows for a wide diversity (I picked a Blademaster, and
>  dropped useless skills, and added Missile Defense instead. Other would
>  add ranged attacks, or a minor in creature magic) of player profiles.

There's still some imbalances, but its getting better.  Still not
ready for release, IMHO.

>- Skill raises with use. I was sitting at a store, just shuffling among the
>  armors there to pick up my next piece, and suddendly, colors everywhere,
>  and I got a level (because I gained a skill point in Appraise Armor).
>  That's minor stuff (except for combat skills, which rise consistently
>  and fast on their own), but still useful.

And just for those who are worried about macroing this for experience
gain, you only get a minor amount, and there seems to be a timer so
that you can only gain skill by identifying things every hour or two.


-Everyone can bind themselves at any life stone.  melee characters
aren't reduced to begging a spellcaster to please, please, please let
me pay you to bind me.

-Monsters have weaknesses, which makes having multiple weapon skills
useful.  Shreths are hurt more easily by blunt weapons, and drudges by
slashing.  Arrows are best vs wasps, but any piercing weapon will do.
Its not a major difference, but its worth the time to figure out what
weapon to use.  Monsters also have differing elemental weaknesses
(Fire, electrical, acid, and cold) for the magic users and people with
enchanted weapons.

>* AC is tied with EQ
>
>- Death penalties. Like EQ, you are hit with two different penalties upon
>  dying, item loss (and subsequent corpse recovery) and XP penalty, in the
>  form of Vitae loss. Damn, I wish the designers would stick with one
>  single, uniform penalty - full corpse recovery, or xp/vitae loss.

Right now they wimped the vitae penalty a bit too much.  I like the
idea of needing to gain experience to work it off, but its just not
enough right now.  As for corpse loss, equipment really doesn't matter
too much in AC.  Its generally pretty easy to buy more stuff.  I've
lost more than a few corpses just because I didn't feel like bothering
to go and get it and risk death again.

>* when AC loses to EQ
>
>- Magic system. The concept looks initially interesting, but it's only that.
>  If you're willing to endure the tedium of it, you can figure out all
>  spells out by yourself. There's also only a moderate variety of spells,
>  which only marginally look different.

If you're talking about war magic, see my discussion about monster
weaknesses above.  There does need to be more spells, though.  The
system could work if a lot more work was put into it.  There needs to
be a LOT of spells, and new ones added constantly.

>- Monster AI. What AI? Monsters have a range (X% of the radar view). If
>  you are in range, they go straight to you (and get stuck on a wall).
>  I've seen that behaviour on the 2nd floor of a dungeon. Monsters in the
>  1st floor would go straight to me... then figure out they couldn't get
>  to me at all (because I wasn't on the same floor). If there is no straight
>  line from where the monster is to you, you're safe.

Monster AI is the thing that kills the game for me.  Its terrible.
Horrible.  Have you ever seen how monsters act if there's more than 4
people in the area?  I can't even figure out what they're supposed to
be doing.  They just sort of start to slide around randomly.  Even if
you attack them they usually won't bother to attack back.  Even if
you're just fighting a monster 1 on 1, if another person walks by the
monster will often go running off after them while you continue to
stab them in the back.  Absolutely pitiful.

>- Lack of group support. The support for groups is the most primitive
>  I have seen. A group is simply a bunch of people that share XP. To someone
>  used to Everquest, AC gives a poor support.

AC really isn't meant to be a grouping game, I think.  They tossed in
some marginal grouping support just so they can say that they have it,
rather like EQ tossed in trade skills.  Nothing more than a blurb on
the box.

>- No banks. Enough said: you carry all your belongings and spare belongings
>  on you. Not even a local bank. Mules everywhere.

There needs to be banks for item storage.  Local ones at least if they
want to be realistic about it.  Personally I like the trade note
system for money.

>- Camera movements. I get sometime dizzy from all the camera movements.
>  The subjective view is unusable : it is really tied into the head position,
>  and thus moves up, down and all the way. That's probably the most subjective
>  negative point of AC.

I only have a problem with the camera when it comes to fighting,
because it often starts to whip around erratically trying to follow
the monster.

>* Overall conclusion.
>
>I appreciated AC because it offers a refreshing change. But the bad parts
>*far* outweight the good ones - for a casual gaming experience, AC wins. But
>the lack of bank, lack of group support, the awful monster AI prevent it
>from being a good game, let alone a game winner.
>
>If asked by someone whether to pick EQ or AC to play, I'd consider the player
>profile. A casual player that plays a few hours a week would probably
>appreciate AC, for its solo-ability and sheer size. A steady, serious player
>that plays an hour a day or so would probably get bored or frustrated by AC's
>shortcomings quickly.

As I said before, its the monster AI thats the real problem for me.
Everything else I'd be willing to live with, for a while at least.
You're right that the two games are going to have different audiences.
EQ is not for casual gamers.  Past level 10, you can't just play an
hour every couple of nights and actually expect to get anywhere.  AC
isn't for hardcore gamers.  They'll get bored because AC ultimately
isn't a very hard game if you play it like you have to play EQ.

>Maybe in six months, the profile will change. But there are things that cannot
>be implemented, not without throwing everything down the drain. The magical
>system is one, I doubt trading can be done easily, and the group support cannot
>be done without redoing the whole user interface. Maybe in AC2...

>* EverCall anyone?
>
>Put Asheron's character and item system, EQ servers (without zoning) and AI,
>and a mix of both user interfaces, and you have a game winner that would
>siphon players fast from both games.

If you'd mix in UO virtual world feeling in with that, you'd have me
hooked.  Someday someone will make a really, truely great online game
like that.  Until then we're stuck trying to figure out which game's
flaws we can live with.
