Message-ID: <38C58ED2.8770261A@home.com>
Subject: Re: * Verant, improve the value of a wizard...
Date: Tue, 07 Mar 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: N/A <frankr1@home.com>
References: <fkaacs8c08q6qqg4r2g8kcfd7b5n1jc6m9@4ax.com> <scaiuogobi7158@news.supernews.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 594466659
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.nj.home.com 952471256 24.11.64.26 (Tue, 07 Mar 2000 15:20:56 PST)
Organization: @Home Network
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: N/A
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 07 Mar 2000 15:20:56 PST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:6351 rec.games.computer.everquest:3134



Gordon Wrinn wrote:

> We've investigated this and really don't feel that there's a problem after
> the patch that included the innate resistance debuff for wizards 35 and
> above.  As usual, I'll suggest that you hang out with a shaman, enchanter,
> magician, or even a Necro.  They all have the ability to debuff resistances.
> You might consider a bard as well.

What your saying is the wizard is dependent on the party, but the wizard has
nothing to offer
the party in return till level 35 or so where their spells aren't resisted as
much, so how do you
get to 35 without the ability to solo and nothing to offer the party?
(How about resistance debuff for wizards under 35?)
Root is a joke, and enstill gets resisted to much along with other DD spells.
What other method
can a wizard use to get experience before lvl 35 that wont get him/her killed on
a regular basis?
Masters of direct damage? What a joke.


> Much like the Warrior, the wizard isn't meant to be a class that goes around
> without another class to support it.  Warriors need healers.  Wizards need
> resistance debuffers.
> -Gordon

A warrior is always welcome in a party a a damage sponge, clerics for their
abilities to heal
enchanters for crowd control and debuffing, etc. etc. for every class on down.
Now we come to the wizard, what do they really have to offer the party as a
whole or individually?
Direct damage? please, what DD? where 3 out of 5 spells are resisted or don't do
full damage on
a regular basis. Wizard spells are to unreliable to be useful to a party.
I have found that a party doesn't really need a wizard, they can get along fine
without one.
Lets face it, the wizard class is not needed at all, what can a wizard do that a
magician cant?
Teleport?, fine, but that comes in handy after you've found a party.
Planes teleport? sure, so your a glorified taxi. And that's not till higher
level anyway.
(BTW, a party will take a druid over a wizard every time, they have buffs
debuffs, DOTs, and can teleport)
If a party is already formed and in the zone where they intend to play, what
need do they have for a wizard?
For a class that are suppose to be masters of DD, seems their abilities are
under powered
and resisted much more than a magician of the same level.

BTW, I have a wizard character and played him till 30, till I got disgusted and
frustrated
and started a magician. The magician is up to lvl 26, and I can see a difference
in the magic resists
between these 2 characters. And im having much more fun playing the magician,
(helps not dying all the time due to spell resists, and the pet has saved my
butt many times
when they were resisted) The magician spells are almost never resisted, whereas
the wizard
spells are almost always resisted. My magician character takes down even level,
and
yellow mobs all the time solo, but my wizard has trouble taking down a low blue.

My advice to anyone? Save yourself time, trouble, and heartache and don't play a
wizard
till they fix the spell resists for all the wizard players, not just the 35
level and up players.




