Message-ID: <HvvhOdUO6dvwHRPjpodS5feQbwsc@4ax.com>
Subject: Re: IS THIS GAME WORTH BUYING?
Date: Mon, 09 Oct 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: dstep <dstep@babaloo.com>
References: <zoKC5.1094$7U5.103305@news1.cableinet.net> <5yKC5.6190$l52.252612@news-west.usenetserver.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 679383812
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc1.ne.home.com 971111987 24.3.225.40 (Mon, 09 Oct 2000 10:19:47 PDT)
Organization: the electronic tribe
MIME-Version: 1.0
Reply-To: dstep@babaloo.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 09 Oct 2000 10:19:47 PDT
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.everquest,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.everquest:9828 alt.games.everquest:11386

On Wed, 4 Oct 2000 13:19:21 -0500, "Patrick Damiani"
<pawned@hiwaay.net> wrote:

>the game is free for a month and you can always bring it back to the store
>you bought it from. i'll warn you, this game has no end to it. so, if you
>are the kind of person who likes using cheat codes or likes to beat games in
>the fastest time, then you won't like eq.

Ummmm no you can't.

Most stores have a no return policy for EQ since once you use that reg
code the game can't be used anymore (unless you give the login and
password to someone else)

You will like EQ if you like extreme downtime, quests that are broken
or require you to sit in one spot for 2 - 16 hours to get something
that you want, almost non exitent customer service except for
volunteer players like yourself.. yet play stopping bugs exist, very
slow travel anywhere even with sow and very slow travel in kunark even
with teleports and sow. 

Going to www.everquest.com  and reading the message boards you can see
lots of complaints and problems and generally get a feeling for the
game. You can also see such scary things as a supposed player-verant
liason who more or less shoots down such complaints saying that
without so much downtime and waiting for a quest creature to spawn the
game would be no fun!!!

Finally you should read this:

http://www.happypuppy.com/features/bth/bth%2Dvol9%2D22.html

Which is about the best mission statement I've ever seen as to how an
MMORPG  should be run. If it makes sense to you, don't play EQ since
it is run in the exact opposite way. In fact it sounds to many of the
players of EQ that the person seems to be talking about Everquest in
particular. Broken classes and too much downttime are met with "that
is working as intended." 

I'd honestly wait for something like anarchy online:

www.anarchy-online.com 

It remains to be seen how they do in the customer service department,
but based upon the information I've seen you already move around
faster than you do in EQ WITH the speed enhancing spells that EQ has.
In Anarchy Online you can also enter a booth in town and do a quest
for which ever side you work for which is autogenerated and takes
place in a cave you are sent to and difficulty based upon your level,
in otherwords generated dynamic content something which EQ has never,
will never, and probably can't have. 

With Anarchy online, shadowbane and some other stuff set to start
coming out around december.. not having played EQ before I'd tell you
to wait. EQ is pretty much on its last legs. The new add on coming out
around dec 4 will be its last hurrah. 

Verant, the makers of EQ, are a bit too heavy handed for many players
also. Recently a gamer was banned from the game for a naughty story
they wrote with everquest type characters on a total non
verant/sony/eq  fan fiction website. They have a clause in their EULA
which basically says "we can ban you for any outside activities also."
which covers that.. i guess. 

I have had good times and bad times in the game and am still playing
until something better comes along. I will never buy or play another
Verant product again based upon what they view as a way to make a game
(difficulty is based upon the passing of real life time and your
patience, rather than just the difficulty of the creature being killed
compared to you.. making he with the most lack of a real life the one
who "wins") and their customer service which seems to hardly exist
while you are playing the game and need help but seems quick to make
knee jerk banning actions for things you do outside of it. I feel
stupid still paying 10 bucks a month to play but as many people say,
it is something to do while I am bored and I have lots of lil virtual
friends there.

Is everquest worth buying today? I'd have to say a resounding No.


