Message-ID: <8m6l4m$ni4$1@murdoch.acc.Virginia.EDU>
Subject: Re: Enchanter not sure how to effectively use Charm/Mez
Date: Tue, 01 Aug 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: ejk4e@node10.unix.Virginia.EDU (Edward James Kilsdonk)
References: <8ls5ai$h5s$1@nnrp1.deja.com> <398616A1.C84F7A45@misleading.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 653206944
Organization: University of Virginia
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:11061 rec.games.computer.everquest:9226


Morgan wrote a wonderful post on what mez is, let me add a
couple of words about what mez is not.

Mez will make the mob stand and drool for a number of seconds,
after which it will decide that it hates you and wants to mount
your head on its mantel as a trophy.  

Do not use mez to stun the mob - that is what color flux is
for.  If you mez the mob that the melee types are hitting, all
it does is give you a chance to tank for a while.

Do not use mez to pull - you don't want the mob to start out
angry at the chanter.  If you want to cast one spell on a
distant mob so that it will run up and hit you (thus getting
your animation involved) try using a dot or debuff.

Do not use mez to break a spawn - it just
means that the angriest critter shows up half a minute after
all of its friends.

For breaking a spawn, use the druid harmony spell outdoors if
you can find a druid (or ranger of level 22 or higher).
Indoors or without a druid, you can either use the enchanter
and cleric lull/soothe line of spells or you can use a monk,
shadowknight, or necro who can feign death.

The lull/soothe line will unlink mobs from one another and
lower their aggro radius.  It can work, fail but not aggro the
mob, or make your target very angry with you.  Do not cast lull
or soothe unless you have a plan for what to do when you get
the entire camp mad at you.  

The feign death spell will let your puller get the mobs mad at
him and have them chase him away from their spawn point.  Then
he falls over, and the mobs will slowly wander home.  When all
but one heads home, the puller stands up and continues back to
the group.  Do not use feign pulling unless you have a plan for
what to do when the feign fails.

Oh, at higher levels you can also break a spawn with root and
memory blur or atone.  Root the mobs you do not want to fight,
have the party start fighting the mobs you do want to fight,
atone or memory blur the ones you did not want to fight.  

As an aside, Morgan plays a chanter and a ranger, I play a
ranger and a cleric.  We have slightly different approaches to
similar tactical problems.

Ted K.
-- 
Edward J. Kilsdonk           Look, ytte is written in Olde.  It muste
Graduate Student, History    bee fromme before they invented fpelling.
Univerfity of Virginia                          
RedTed@Virginia.EDU          http://faraday.clas.virginia.edu/~ejk4e


