Message-ID: <38A94AF0.91CF1D16@escape.ca>
Subject: Paineel: Quick Review (Spoilers)
Date: Tue, 15 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Canticle <canticle@escape.ca>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 586098517
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: admin@mts.net
X-Trace: news1.mts.net 950618687 209.202.46.27 (Tue, 15 Feb 2000 06:44:47 CST)
Organization: MTS Internet
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 15 Feb 2000 06:44:47 CST
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.everquest,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.everquest:1989 alt.games.everquest:5301

Well, I logged onto the Test Server with my Necromancer, which has
languished there for a rather long time now.

I only wish that more city zones were as, in my opinion, well designed
as Paineel.

The city itself is a bit confusing at first, but not more so than
Qeynos. Most of the buildings are very close together, and are located
on three different 'levels. The city has three tiers, connected by
teleporters. On the main 'tier' there is a building which contains a
lift that leads to a rocky ridge. The ridge looks out over a lake and
waterfall which disappears into a deep hole...without a doubt, leaping
into this depth will eventually lead to The Hole itself, although
currently it simply drops you back into the Toxxulia Entrance to
Paineel).

Leaving the lift, you can head straight to the newbie area, or head left
to the entrance to Toxxulia forest (this is the cave which is currently
guarded by skeletons). The newbie area is simply a large, grassy
hillock, and a small cave system which leads to an underground.
Currently there is nothing populating it, but that could change with
final release. It would be a nice place for slightly higher level MOBs.
The plateau area, while fairly small, should support about 20 newbies,
probably not enough space for the influx of Erudite Shadowknights that
will occur, but it won't be any worse than the first day of EQ when
everyone was 1st level. I expect it will rapidly become manigable,
especially since Toxxulia is so close.

The city itself is evil, so there is plenty for Erudite Shadowknights
and Paladins to purchase (food at last!) while adventuring in the area.
Kerra Isle becomes more viable as a hunting area due to its proximity to
a bank evil folks can use as well as a supply base. While this probably
won't have a serious impact on server pressures, at least some people
may be drawn into Kerra Isle with the population increase sure to take
place...its not like Erudite Shadowknights are going to have a lot of
options intially.

A lot of quests in Paineel from the looks of things, but I haven't tried
any of them out...there also appear to be a lot of promising features
that will be exploited fully in Ruins of Kunark...many of the textures
seem a little more detailed, and there is one particular shrub that
looks to be an example of how they are going to attempt more detailed
scenery (almost like Paineel was a bit of a testing ground). Lots of
translucency effects with glass and the undead Erudites, but nothing
truly spectacular.

A personal favourite of mine is the skeletal band in the tavern =).

All in all, a nice addition, giving evil races a place to go to that
won't be easily camped by the good races. The lift alone is deterrent
enough, but when you factor in the tier effect of Paineel itself and the
tight, twisting nature of its streets...odds are guards in Paineel will
be camped as often as guards in the Dwarven Kings throne room.

Jeff-boy


