Message-ID: <89gpvk$1k5$1@murdoch.acc.Virginia.EDU>
Subject: Re: Twinking doesn't affect everyone else?
Date: Tue, 29 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: ejk4e@node15.unix.Virginia.EDU (Edward James Kilsdonk)
References: <5REu4.1335$Ns2.105087@bgtnsc04-news.ops.worldnet.att.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 591349059
Organization: University of Virginia
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:5890 rec.games.computer.everquest:2620

In article <5REu4.1335$Ns2.105087@bgtnsc04-news.ops.worldnet.att.net>,
Michael <McMike100@worldnet.att.net> wrote:
>Some people say so what if they twink? It doesn't affect everyone else. But
>it does! When you're fighting with someone to get the kill on a mob, whoever
>has the best equipment will win. Twinks dominate the newbie area, thereby
>putting non-twinked newbies at a dis-advantage, because the twinks get all
>the best kills.

It does affect things, but not in the manner that you describe.

I have been hunting in crushbone lately - crowded, camped, rude
crushbone.

Sometimes I wander up to trainer hill, if only to count the
campers.  If no one else is there I will kill the trainer once
or twice before wandering off - he was a low blue last time I
checked.

He also has the shiny brass sheild as a rare drop.  Not only is
this 25 plat, it is part of the screaming mace quest AND a darn
nice shield to use to twink your young paladin.

I regularly see folks with two names knocking off that poor
trainer so they can use the shield to twink with.

Meanwhile, I get some experience from the trainer and while I
do not use a shield I sure could use another 25 plat - I have
about 120 in the bank as a 17th level ranger.  By hunting below
their level to get goodies for their friends, twinkers are
squeezing the mid-level folks out.

I don't have a problem with this in principle, I kill the ogres
in Butcherblock when I come across them and give the bloodforge
mail to my young dwarven cleric (of course, I still get
experience for completing the quest) - but it is something that
does squeeze the spawns.

So do it, but try to be kind to the lowbies as you hunt to get
the best items for you twink.

And, when I tell you to have fun camping the trainer, I mean
it.  I can not imagine anything more boring and so I do hope
that you are enjoying it.

Ted K.
Willaena on E'ci
-- 
Edward J. Kilsdonk           Look, ytte is written in Olde.  It muste
Graduate Student, History    bee fromme before they invented fpelling.
Univerfity of Virginia                          
RedTed@Virginia.EDU          http://faraday.clas.virginia.edu/~ejk4e


