Message-ID: <38A1D232.95F7FBBD@escape.ca>
Subject: Re: AC dev talks about graphics engine superiority over EQ's. What do you think?
Date: Wed, 09 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Canticle <canticle@escape.ca>
References: <38a17bde.30512332@news.earthlink.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 583817728
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: admin@mts.net
X-Trace: news1.mts.net 950129036 209.202.46.27 (Wed, 09 Feb 2000 14:43:56 CST)
Organization: MTS Internet
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 09 Feb 2000 14:43:56 CST
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.everquest,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.everquest:1645 alt.games.everquest:4951



Silverlock wrote:

> What? No, I'm not smoking some crazy new drudge pipe I'm just coming from an 
> enginering standpoint. The reason EQ looks so nice is because they cut off your line of sight at a couple > hundred yards. For those of you who remember a bit of your high school math (admitted I don't remember a > whole lot myself) you could calculate the exact area rendered. On the level of polygons and texture memory > you can fit a good number of details into view using even a 16 meg card. So what happens in AC?

Actually, if your card and memory can handle it (and mine can), pushing
the slider all the way out in EQ provides you with line of sight out to
around 2,000 yards I believe. Halfway is about a 1,000. Som the
conclusion here is that this is just propaganda.

>The lowest render area you can possibly have is around 500 yards - and you can render out to 5 miles. The >number of textures, items, and polygons included allow you to see clear to the horizon but require that a lot >less detail be used.
>Conclusion: It's not AC holding you back, it's your video card.
>Evidance: Turn up the details and watch polygons "White Out" because your card runs out of memory, even with >AC's "inferior graphics"

All I can say to this is BULL FUCKING SHIT.

Holy Christ, how far is this guy going to go to promote an engine which
is just sub par? The polygons white out because 'it's my video card'.
Sorry, I don't but that for a second, especially when I can get
equivalent level of detail out of EQ without ANY system performance
hits. Hell, Ruins of Kunark is going to triple the polygon count in a
lot of instances and if that were to result in 'white out polygons' I
guarantee you it would mean the heads of the EQ developers.

Stop making excuses for a shitty graphics engine would be my response.

> 2. AC does not need a high polygon make over.

*snort*

> Look at the polygon counts in EQ some time. What makes EQ interesting is not high polygon creatures but > brilliantly crafted textures. Get up in another player's face and try to turn off the textures in your > head... I know, if you've never worked in 3D that's like asking you to turn off your hunger when your > girlfriend/wife is baking cookies but try. You'll notice it's a very flat world out there. Let's try not to > forget that EQ is built on a modified version of the Turok engine, which didn't exactly win all the awards > at E3 for innovation in its time.

Sure, if I pretend the graphics suck, they will suck.

Screw Asheron's Call. I actually didn't think it was a half bad game
when I played it, just not my cup of tea, but if the developers honestly
believe their own delusional propaganda, I won't be recommending it to
people who want a good solo potential game anymore. What a crock of
steam enshrouded horse shit.

> >3. What this all means

> What this means is that as technology continues to improve you will see Ashron's Call leap to the forefront > of technology with very few modifications to the current code (or so they say, I can't believe Turbine would > follow in the footsteps of the "UO Problem" with inflexable code). The engine itself is one of the primary > reasons Microsoft got so excited about the game in the first place. So if you enjoy the questing aspects of > Asheron's Call but prefer the graphics and features of Everquest, hang around for another 6 or 8 months and > see what happens. I'll stake my word on it... the EQ vs. AC conversation will cease to exist entirely.

I wouldn't buy into this with a 10 meter pole.

The simple fact that polygons white out at high detail levels on MY
system (P333, Voodoo3 AGP, 512 megs of RAM) indicates that it's simply a
crummy engine which cannot provide high levels of detail without MASSIVE
system requirements which won't even be the standard a year from now,
let alone six months ago when I was beta testing it. 

Portal Storms are another indication of shoddy design. 

And if the engine is so fantastic, WHY is it the only graphics that
DON'T suck are the landscapes. The buildings are boring, the animations
and models for PCs and NPCs are laughably pre school in design, and
overall it reminds me of a high school animation class trying to make it
over the bell curve.

If all of the hype about Asheron's Call is true, I'll be surprised...

And so will the 150,000 other EQ players who aren't playing Asheron's
Call. 

Simple fact...if Asheron's Call is a superior product to UO and EQ, it
will have superior numbers of players. In the online game rush, the
measure of success will be initial product sold and customer retention,
since that is what will dictate sink or swim for a product which
requires continous, ongoing support. If a product sells 50,000 units,
has 30,000 active subscribers, and has a churn rate similar to EQ and
UO, they will have  14,000 active subscribers after a year (assuming
they don't sell an expansion at that time). Turbine can call me collect
when they hit 200,000 units sold and not returned.

Jeff-boy


