Message-ID: <iQXY4.68$r7.10525@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com>
Subject: Why NOT to buy the ELSA Gladiac
Date: Tue, 30 May 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Falsadoom" <falsadoom@home.com>
References: <nTqY4.5010$m7.457624@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com> <t5xY4.74222$55.591376@news1.sttls1.wa.home.com> <LiGY4.93768$h01.674345@news1.rdc1.mi.home.com> <zOIY4.75174$55.604455@news1.sttls1.wa.home.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 629222729
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6600
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc2.tx.home.com 959728014 24.11.185.216 (Tue, 30 May 2000 16:06:54 PDT)
Organization: @Home Network
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 30 May 2000 16:06:54 PDT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.action,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.adventure,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:9519 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.action:113498 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.adventure:33611 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:54156 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic:117266

> Quite true. Customers in the computer industry put up with things that no
> other customers would put up with. I never said that couldn't be changed;
> personally (and professionally) I'd like to see the shift. However, that
is
> THE CURRENT REALITY OF THE SITUATION. If you buy a leading edge product,
you
> should expect bleeding edge performance. Don't like it? Don't buy bleeding
> edge products. If enough people do the same, you'll see more robust
products
> at ship. You'll see them later than you would have, but you'll still see
> them. And they'll work.

[snip]

> Andy

   The current reality of any given sitaution is what you willingly accept
or do not. You choose to accept the misrepresenting and incomplete manner
while not liking it. I choose not to accept it, fight it, and inform people
as well as take steps to see it's something the company finds undesirable to
repeat in future ventures, as well as showing the competition by example
that consumers will not stand for it. You would be surprised how much
ignorant decision making is done by company A talking with or observing
company B, and seeing how they did it and got away with, or dealt with
issues. What that means is each time we let 1 single company slip by, that
becomes an accepted standard industry wise, and then these companys have
raised the bar, and are looking to jump even higher. I am avoiding some of
the ignorant responses I recieved such as illogical comments that I should
have done the research prior to buying. Well guess what, someone has to take
the plunge first to get that data out here for us to do the research in the
first place, and that's where I fit in. Someone has to be the first to know
and have issues in order to be aware and post it. And that's what I am
doing. And here are my complaints as follows:

1) The ELSA card I have, and the one the store manager where I purchased it
opened a box and observed, do not have an upgrade slot for the tv/video
in/out as best as we can tell (it certainly is not displayed like the
photograph on the box. It is advertised, it is photographed, it's in the
print all over the box. Yet the card does not have a slot for this upgrade.

2) The fastening mechanism will require a replacement bracket if it is able
to be fit upon the card at all which at this time doesn't look probable or
likely.

3) The software bundle is not in the box. Instead you must order it. That
site will not be avialable for claiming you *FREE* bundle in excess of 30
days plus according to information I have gotten from ELSA. This is well
past the refund period for the card not only from the company but from most
retailers. So you don;t know what you can and can't get, if it's 10 year old
software or decent titles. And you can't get them now when you purchased the
card. All of this leaves the consumer in the lurch.

4) You must pay for shipping and handling (according to information I
recieved from ELSA) on those *FREE* software bundles that you have *ALREADY*
paid for. AND, if that wasn't bad enough, you must register your private
information, and most likely financial payment information in order to get
your *FREE* software bundle (which I have already paid for) to a 3rd party
company who is set up to sell you more materials. This software is not a NEW
product or and ADD ON, this is something I have ALREADY purchased. This
isn't a rebate, this isn't one of those deals where you buy 4 boxes of
cereal and send postage and handling for and product, this is something I
ALREADY OWN and now they want to charge more on top of what I purchased to
even get it, WELL after I could opt to take the product back if I think the
titles are aweful.

5) There has been little to no up front information made available to the
average customer on their site or just generally press released indicating
any of these issues, addressing any of these issues, or even acknowledging
these issues that I have found on the website or the box. I have seen some
second hand reports and blurbs here and there, but little to nothing from
the company itself other than what I have personally sought out myself by
addressing these issues with ELSA.

   For $360 plus tax, not only do I feel this is a poor deal, but a largely
misrepresented product, designed with inconveniencing the customer anytime
it would bother the company, and doing so in such a manner that it is a new
low in standards for companys in the computer hardware market. For me I am
not sure what I am going to do, I had originally thought about taking it
back but I may want some of the software they offer and it's a large pain to
switch cards alot (and I have done that enough and rather tired of doing it
obvisouly). So my options are to keep and pursue ELSA until they equitably
resolve this issue, or take the product back and pursue them through
communications and official compalints. Either way, ELSA deserves consumer
actions imho, be they calls, posts, complainst to agencies, legal actions
and forced recalls if all of the above is in fact the case which I now
strongly believe through hands on research is the case.

Falsa






