Message-ID: <J3iP4.6219$Ie5.1118887@news-west.usenetserver.com>
Subject: Re: Building your own system...but when?!?!?
Date: Mon, 01 May 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Richard G." <REMOVE*THIS*malchore@iserv.net>
References: <W3_O4.317$oT4.20514@news.uswest.net> <FZ_O4.30535$PV.2188366@bgtnsc06-news.ops.worldnet.att.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.quake3.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 617890990
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2314.1300
X-Abuse-Info: Otherwise we will be unable to process your complaint properly
X-Complaints-To: support@usenetserver.com
Organization: WebUseNet Corp http://www.usenetserver.com - Home of the fastest NNTP servers on the Net.
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 01 May 2000 12:14:33 EDT
Newsgroups: alt.comp.periphs.videocards.nvidia,alt.games.quake3,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.comp.periphs.videocards.nvidia:7600 alt.games.quake3:19957 alt.games.everquest:8727

> Final thoughts:
>
> Unless you live in downtown silicon alley, what possible incentive would
you
> have to build your own system from scratch?   Contrary to popular belief,
it
> costs MORE money to build a system yourself than to buy one direct.
> Manufacturers get discounts for volume purchases and pass the savings on
to
> you.   Ordering just ONE part from a reseller/vendors means you're paying
> more for it.  Plus you pay for the shipping of each part.
>

Only a game system is more expensive to build yourself.  Any other machine
(particularly business-class workstations) are much cheaper to build
yourself -- even after shipping costs.

"...what possible incentive would you have to build your own system from
scratch?"  I'm glad you asked that.  The answer is drivers (especially on a
game system.)  In order for Windows98/Windows2000 to zing along at a nice
speed with no problems, the peripheral manufacturer must have very solid and
well-coded drivers to properly talk to the device.  System manufactures
(especially IBM, HP, Compaq and Acer) don't seem to care what components
they put into their systems; much less care if their drivers actually WORK
with windows.

I build my own game systems mostly because I have very fickle wants in the
graphics card, sound card and system chipset I want in my system.  Only in
the last 6 months have the larger system makers (like Dell and Gateway)
finally been able to give you (the buyer) that kind of specification of your
system.  It was never there before.  I know which manufactures have *real*
software engineers employed that write *real* software drivers to work with
windows.  This is incredibly important to me -- I want my games to work all
the time.

And, although the large system manufacture can get huge volume discounts and
pass their savings on to you, you're at their mercy for the individual
components AND drivers they include with the system.  (However, Dell and
Gateway are now giving you the option to customize a system.)

There's a few other niceties with building your system.  For example, when
you buy individual components you receive the driver software on a separate
CD-ROM (or floppy) that you can install separate from the OS.  When you buy
the system as a whole from a system maker, they typically include just one
CD-ROM that contains ALL of windows and your configured components.  So, if
my system becomes unstable for some weird reason, I can just pop one device
out and replace it with something different without running the risk of
having to re-install everything from scratch -- which is very aggravating.
I know Dell and Gateway are getting better at this, but it's still annoying
and takes any power and control you (the buyer) have over the setup and
configuration of your system.

Plus, you cannot upgrade or change your system configuration without
violating some warranty.

Since you bought the component separate, you can sell it to a friend later
with the original box, manual and software to recover some of the money you
spent.  I have sold a lot of individual components to friends...have a REAL
hard time selling my whole system to someone.

- Grick
