Message-ID: <EZ4L4.218$Xc.9452@news1.primary.net>
Subject: Monster Sound MX300 MIDI bugged, help please!
Date: Tue, 18 Apr 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: maruku@busprod.com (Marc J. Brown)
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-comp.sys.ibm.pc.soundcard.advocacy.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 612874628
X-Complaints-To: abuse@primary.net
X-Trace: news1.primary.net 956095460 206.154.138.8 (Tue, 18 Apr 2000 17:04:20 CDT)
Organization: Primary Network http://www.primary.net
Reply-To: maruku@shell.busprod.com
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 18 Apr 2000 17:04:20 CDT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.soundcard.games,comp.sys.ibm.pc.soundcard.misc,comp.sys.ibm.pc.soundcard.advocacy,microsoft.public.win98.pnp
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:8295 comp.sys.ibm.pc.soundcard.games:33592 comp.sys.ibm.pc.soundcard.misc:52315 comp.sys.ibm.pc.soundcard.advocacy:28040 microsoft.public.win98.pnp:2740

Greetings.  I am the owner of a Monster Sound MX300 soundcard.  This is
in fact the second such card I have owned.  The first one developed
some problems (it was causing Everquest to crash, and it took me
forever to figure out the cause.. I happily yanked that card outta
there).  This card probably won't cause the crashes I was experiencing
with the first one (I haven't given it a good test yet) but it DOES
showcase the secondary problems the first card did, which I had thought
were merely related to whatever hardware glitch was causing the crashes.

The problem is with wavetable MIDI.  I used to use Win95, and the MIDI
was great, especially in Everquest, a game that ONLY uses MIDI for music
(they are lazy).  Switched to Win98, and never did solve all of my
reinstallation woes.  I had always thought it was just one of the
tragedies of the "upgrade" to Win98, that I lost MIDI capability in
Everquest.  The game absolutely refuses to play Wavetable MIDI; it
somehow notices the MX300's synth chip and uses that instead, and of
course this sounds simply rotten.

I tried to solve this by rote of doing research and asking questions.
This is how I discovered the MX300's soundbank wasn't built-in and I
could in fact load any old soundbank I wanted.  This was pretty exciting
news to me.  I hunted around and eventually found the Vortexofsound
links.  I tried many of the soundbanks from their site, but Everquest
ignored them all.

My real panic began when I noticed that I couldn't get ANY Wavetable
MIDI music to play, even with regular players like Winamp or MSIE.  They
didn't hunt down the synth chip; they played NOTHING.  Winamp happily
kept track of the MIDI file's time counter, but the output was still
zilch.

That was about four months ago.  Today, my new MX300 arrived, and I
installed it and discovered that Everquest still much prefers the synth
chip over Wavetable.  This was getting out of hand.  I downloaded
Megamid (pretty good MIDI player) and the first thing it wanted to know
was which output to use.. synth, or Wavetable.  I suddenly felt like I
was in control for once: this software was FORCING the damn card to use
Wavetable!  Ha!  So what happened?  Here are the results from the two
soundbanks I tried:

AU30GM.ARL - Default 5.2meg soundbank found in the windows/system dir.
   MOST curious.  Not quite half of the notes that the player tried to
   play actually played.  Some instruments were missing altogether,
   while others seemed only able to play something like every other
   tone.  For example, if a note sequence went like this:

   G,E,G,D,E,F,G,D.

   It might play something like this:

   |,E,|,D,E,|,|,D.  (where the | represents a note failing to play)

   And even this wasn't entirely consistent.  Sometimes a tone that
   failed to play consistently would suddenly play successfully after
   all.  Often, though, whole octaves of tones would refuse to play.
   The inconsistency is further proved by the fact that playing the
   same MIDI file would get slightly different results each time.

EBLAST24GM.ARL - A big 24meg soundbank.  Basically I got the same kind
   of results as above, but moreso.  Very, VERY few instruments played
   successfully.

I'm not blind to the fact that these kind of results would lead one to
suspect that I might not have enough ram, and in fact Everquest may be
defaulting to the synth chip because it has no room to spare for any
Wavetable data.  As tempting as this hypothesis may be, I think not.
I have 96 megs of ram.  Surely that is enough to support a poor,
measly 5.2meg soundbank, for the sake of MIDI playback, under regular
old Win98.  The "rule of thumb" for MIDI soundbanks is to not use one
that exceeds "half of your total system ram".  I sure as hell don't.
Even the 24meg monster doesn't come close.

I have already spent about $50 in phone calls to a most unhelpful
tech support service.  Their final recommendation was to download the
very latest A3D drivers for Vortex2 chipsets and see if installing
somehow fixes the MIDI mystery (these drivers were not readily
available on Diamond's webpage).  I am downloading them now, but I'm
not naive enough to expect that my (apparently) unique problem will
have been addressed.

There are some smart, experienced readers out there, and I feel
confident that someone will have an idea what I need to do to get this
fixed or at least some ideas on how to test for possible causes behind
the problem.  PLEASE help me!  I am begging you :)  Thanks in advance!

Marc



