Message-ID: <8ij6vi$a2t$1@nnrp1.deja.com>
Subject: VOTE with your PC for MIKE
Date: Sun, 18 Jun 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: likemike4prez@my-deja.com
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.drugs.misc.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 636090971
X-Http-Proxy: 1.1 x60.deja.com:80 (Squid/1.1.22) for client 216.67.53.39
Organization: Deja.com - Before you buy.
X-Article-Creation-Date: Sun Jun 18 19:12:55 2000 GMT
X-MyDeja-Info: XMYDJUIDlikemike4prez
Newsgroups: rec.woodworking,rec.drugs.misc,rec.crafts.textiles.quilting,alt.games.everquest
X-Http-User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 5.0; Windows 98; DigExt)
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.woodworking:8902 rec.drugs.misc:39286 rec.crafts.textiles.quilting:4023 alt.games.everquest:10118

VOTE with your PC for MIKE

CAST YOUR COMPUTER VOTE FOR MIKE!


I LIKE MIKE FOR PRESIDENT

If you like my policies (see below)..
CAST YOUR COMPUTER VOTE FOR MIKE
in the Reform Party's computer
vote nomination in July, 2000!

1) Sign up to receive an electronic
password code so you can
CAST YOUR COMPUTER VOTE FOR MIKE!
Sign up at----------------------------------
http://reformparty.org/support/register.html

2) Send an e-mail to MIKE
and tell him you will
CAST YOUR COMPUTER VOTE FOR MIKE
in July 2000!
e-mail Mike at-------
likemike@justice.com

3) WHERE to get your ballot in order to
CAST YOUR COMPUTER VOTE FOR MIKE..
Reform Party Presidential Nominations Ballot
must be obtained from the State Chair
in the state where you are a registered voter.
Please visit the appropriate state website
for further information or contact the
Reform Party office in your state.
Send an e-mail to the RP chair in your
state requesting a Reform Party Nominations
Ballot at-------------------------------
http://reformparty.org/states/index.html

For an "AGENDA FOR PROGRESS..
IN THE NEW CENTURY FOR AMERICA"
Thanks!
MIKE


-------POLICIES -------
Date: Sat, 15 Jan 19100 2:19:23 -0800 (PST)
From: Mike (http://ilikemikeforpresident.homepage.com)


"AGENDA FOR PROGRESS..
IN THE NEW CENTURY FOR AMERICA"
-- Michael Idrogo, Candidate, Office of President
   Reform Party

In addition to fully supporting the
platform of the Reform Party.. I wish
to further seek consideration of
added proposals as we all desire
to continue on a road of progress..
in this new century for America.

"We are tired of the lies..
   We want THE TRUTH..
      We need REFORM!"

We need to move forward into
the new century with a "Reform Agenda for
Progress in the New Century for America."
We must, under Reform proposals, provide
Ability, Flexibility, and Leadership for
true reforms that Americans are still
searching for from Our government.

1. POVERTY
As our nation moves into a third century,
and as our world celebrates the year 2000,
poverty is still poverty and still
prevails in Our Nation. Other nations are
fairing better than the United States.. we
must study them and implement models for
the purpose of wiping out poverty in the
United States within the first half of
this century. New technologies, new
foreign trade, etc. can easily throw
millions out of work -- yet much of our
recent legislation and rulings from our
courts has just about done away with all
of the "safety nets" created around the
Depression Era in the 1930s; while the
rich get richer.. the poor are in fact
getting poorer.. and the "safety nets"
(economic, medical, health, judicial, etc)
of the past have been done away by "rich"
bureacrats, legislators, and judges.

2. TAXES
A moratorium on income tax for six years.
(Optional, certain Americans may still opt
to pay their income tax.)
(To curve the appetite of big government--
we must take the bone away from the dog!)
(As a test of income economic generator
versus taxes)

3. TAXES
Reimbursement of property taxes with
income tax deductions. (As long as
property taxes do not tax "improvements"
but solely the property in tax.)
(Income tax with property tax is nothing
less than "double taxation.")

4. EDUCATION
Smaller class size.
(From two teachers who recently did not
notice that a student's parent had died--
to school violence in the nineties -- we
need more attention paid to the needs
of our children in schools -- we need
smaller class size and more teachers.)

5. EDUCATION
A means and a guarantee of allowing for
all Americans to attend at least two years
of college to attain at least an
associate's degree.

6. EDUCATION
Establishment of new colleges (and
tutorial courses as necessary) in areas
where college education is now very low.

7. SOCIAL SECURITY
Stop the "raiding" of the Social Security
by Congress and a system to guarantee
Social Security for all Americans.

8. HEALTH CARE
Ensure to All Americans as sovereign their
'Right to Privacy' in health care.

9. HEALTH CARE
Open more competition, systems, methods,
and fraud prevention for the purpose of
keeping health care costs down.

10. CRIME/VIOLENCE/DRUGS
Implement high-tech "smart systems" for
the purpose of bringing crime, violence,
drugs down to near zero percent.

11. CIVIL RIGHTS
Civil Rights, as with poverty, has
suffered a substantial weakening; we must
reform our government and reinforce civil
rights once again.

12. ENVIRONMENT/ECONOMY/LABOR
The family farms have just about all
disappeared. The numerous airlines we
once had are now just a handful. Railroad
companies that once existed in the
hundreds are now just a handful. On and
on, mergers and monopolies have gobbled up
much of our economy and are a threat now
and in the future to our environment, our
economy, and to labor rights. Bigger is
not necessarily better. Bigger
concentrates the wealth to just a few. A
few who apparently are able to also buy
influence.. and not necessarily by illegal
means but also by legal methods -- methods
with ulterior motives which still may
cause damage.

13. LABOR/ECONOMY/JOBS
A Reform President will seek every possible
method to attain the lowest unemployment
rate to every American seeking or holding
employment; to seek every possible method
to keep jobs in the United States as
opposed to letting them go "overseas."

14. ECONOMY
The United States has succeeded in the
past century at being a leader in
commerce.. and to maintain leadership..
ideas and patents are necessary.
Apparently the patents of our nation are
begining to decline while compared to the
number in other nations.. we must
establish patent libraries (or library
depositories) in every major city and/or
state capital city, with internet links,
in order to help encourage every patent
possible.

15. ECONOMY/EDUCATION/QUALITY OF LIFE
An internet terminal in every home. A
high-tech President will provide for systems
and implementation of an internet terminal
in every home as common as a telephone.

16. ECONOMY/EDUCATION/QUALITY OF LIFE
A Reform President will seek to ensure the
option for free internet access for every
home.

17. ECONOMY/EDUCATION/TRADE
Long-arm prosecution of computer-virus
creators to include all possible
prosecution of international internet
perpetrators. A new "cold war" has
developed on the internet.. as
international threats are coming through
the internet in attempts to disrupt
American computer systems.

18. STRONG DEFENSE OF THE NATION
A Reform President will seek and maintain a
strong defense of the nation.


19. CORRUPTION
A Reform President will establish a
Committee to week out Corruption and
Graft. To seek out and report on
Corruption and Graft at all levels of
government within the jurisdiction
of the United States.

20. GOVERNMENT/CORRUPTION
A Reform President must require the immediate
revocation of an FCC broadcasting license
if a broadcast is being used as a
propaganda tool for any government entity,
IF IN PART of a corrupt political machine
for the benefit of the corrupt political
machinery; and especially where the
soverign Americans are restricted from
equal-time rebuttal.

21. CORRUPTION/JUDICIAL
A Reform President will seek judicial
reform. Seeking the inclusion of TV
cameras in Federal Court.. the Courts are
owned by "The People".. if the Courts have
nothing to hide.. there should be no
objection.. if the Courts object then the
judge should resign.

22. CORRUPTION/JUDICIAL
A Reform President will seek judicial
reform; seeking that ALL rulings be
PUBLISHED.. Federal Judges are not
publishing rulings as they try to "hide"
what is going on in the Courts (for the
cover-up and benefit of the judge(s)).

23. JUDICIAL
A Reform President will seek judicial
reform; seeking a term limit of 12 years
on Judges to the Federal Courts. Only
royalty are appointed "for life".. the
U.S. Contitution forbids royalty within
the United States.

24. JUDICIAL
A Reform President will seek judicial
reform; seeking that Federal Courts shall
only "interpret law" and "NOT MAKE LAW"
from the Federal bench.

25. JUDICIAL/CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM
A Reform President will seek judicial
reform; no Judge within the jurisdiction
of the United States shall be able to
receive directly or indirectly campaign
contributions from those (most
specifically attorneys) practicing within
any Court in the district or State of that
Judge.

26. CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM
Currently special interests, labor unions,
or corporations can "decide" the winner
of an election long before the election is
held as they move campaign finance money
through PACs; a Reform President will seek to
eliminate those entities from contributing
to Federal candidates -- and a Reform
President will seek to allow only individual
voters to contribute to Federal candidates.

27. ECONOMY/LABOR/TRADE
We have the "Finest Navy in the World!"
and at the same time we have the worst
merchant fleet in the world! We could no
doubt improve our economic/labor/trade if
we embark an "American Capital Ship
Program!" We need to create a program
whereby any American can invest a small
sum and in return a ship will be built to
ply the oceans of the world.. moving the
freight and cargo of the world.. and that
will pay Our American "investor" as the
ship receives revenue from shipping. We
need to build the "Finest Merchant Fleet
the World has ever seen!"

28. ECONOMY/LABOR/TRADE
As Our Nation no longer maintains control
of the Panama Canal; a Reform President must
take a leadership role to bring about the
strengthening of transcontinental railways
for the purpose of maintaining lines of
communication during any period of
national emergency. One such railway is
the Sunset Route which flanks (goes around
the Rocky Mountains along a southern route
-- from southern California across
southern Arizona, southern New Mexico, El
Paso, Del Rio, Houston, New Orleans, and
across to Florida. FURTHER, a high-speed
passenger rail is in planning in Florida
with extension currently envisioned to New
Orleans and Houston. A Reform President
must seek to plan for a high-speed
passenger rail, (France is test running
trains at 350 mph), to be built within the
next 6 years between Florida and southern
California. Thereafter, extensions can
follow from Florida to Boston, and from
southern California to the State of
Washington. Passenger trains for example,
on some rails in Texas cannot exceed 20
miles per hour because they may derail. A
reform President shall seek to designate
railways as "highways" eligible for
Federal Highway Funding.

29. ECONOMY/LABOR/TRADE
How many more train-school-bus collisions
must we read about? We need "zero
tolerance" for railroad crossing accidents
-- we need to require and build that every
rail crossing be an underpass or overpass
of a road under or over a rail line where
never the two shall meet. Such is already
being done, and has been done in some
European countries -- as was necessary for
implementation of their high speed rail
lines. See for example:
http://www.angelfire.com/tx/rr21stcentury
A Reform President, will seek to
improve among the states to/from
foreign nations.. all railway safety,
all airline and aviation
transportation safety, all maritime
safety, all automotive and ground
transportation safety, all emergency
vehicle (and police, firefighter, etc),
safety; all with science,
high-technology, and all other
means available.

30. GOVERNMENT (FEDERAL)
A "Sunset" provision -- whereby Federal
agencies are reviewed every 7 years to
determine whether or not that agency
should continue to operate or be
systematically shut-down, i.e. "the
sun will set" on that agency.

Respectfully,
Michael Idrogo, Candidate, Office of President
I LIKE MIKE FOR PRESIDENT
http://ilikemikeforpresident.homepage.com










Sent via Deja.com http://www.deja.com/
Before you buy.


