Message-ID: <O0zmmpns$GA.229@cpmsnbbsa03>
Subject: Re: Timorous, give us a freaking break
Date: Sun, 30 Apr 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "UOAvatar" <UOAvatar@email.msn.com>
References: <390AA95B.56DC37E2@mediaone.net> <4%yO4.7120$TC1.129779@news1.mts.net> <390af0b1.89299755@nntp.enteract.com> <390b45e4.783982@news.earthlink.net> <390b4f99.23628699@nntp.enteract.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 617425106
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3110.3
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:8664 rec.games.computer.everquest:6116

OK... You want to compare fairness?  Lets Go....
Tank                                            Caster
Lotsa HP                                    Crappy HP
Good Melee                                Usually Crap Melee
Crappy Ranged                          Excellent Ranged
No heals/High downtime            Meditation, and heals to reduce or
eliminate downtime
No Bind Must have others        Bind Never needs to see another PC their
whole career.
No Non-fighting money earn       every caster has at LEAST 2 ways to earn
money outside fights.
LOUSY stats for Trade skills    At least one stat that is a prime requisite
is beneficial to trade skills.


I personally play a Druid, Necro, and bard all over 20, I have a Wizard at
19, and a warrior at 18.  As a "tank" class you are royally FUBAR'ed.  You
don't ever see some nekkid caster running up offering to "donate" if you
taunt a_decaying_skeleton_00 off him do you?  But man just TRY getting a
bind in Highhold or High Pass at 3AM Pacific time.  You don't see too many
warriors holding a Stein of Mogguk smithing do ya?  Yeah that's right.. My
int of 30 and wis of 40 makes me a pretty awesome blacksmith... That High
Elf Enchanter can't even pick up the stupid forging hammer, but he's a
master smith by level 10.  I can be objective about any class out there,
cause I've played them.  I can't say what any class at 50 is like, cause I'm
not there yet.  Almost all classes are powerful in one area, and lack
something in another, and if you want to do something your class lacks in...
you'll get jealous of the class that excells at it.  However somethings just
plain suck and we could all admit it... Binding period SUCKS.  OK fine we
need some sort of reload point system.. but Bind Affinity is not the best
way it could have been done.  Maybe a /command, or even better a time delay
button that takes a game day to refresh like LoH.  But the whole Bind
Affinity is an OOC vehicle, and should be left completely OOC.  Personally
I'm in favor of getting rid of Bind Affinity period.  Let everyone bind in
CERTAIN zones to their hearts content.  But it's ridiculous to offer 10 plat
in WFreeport at 3AM PST, and have to do it for 10 minutes.  Its ridiculous
to have to pay someone at all for that.  That is a GAME function not a
CHARACHTER function.  I think Bind Affinity was a creativity cop-out and
it's time for a fix.  As for other unfairness, You ever see someone yelling
"willing to donate for some fool to get the snot whacked out of him while I
mana dump"?  No cause that's called a group.  It's a Tank's function.  Yet
at a point.. noone wants to share EXP with that tank.. they just got SoW,
and a coupla DoT's or Fear and a new pet, and they want to go solo.  Also
right around now, the Hybrids get their spells, and hey... they're a tank
too... so they look more attractive as a group member.  Noone wants a
Warrior again until about 45 to 50 for dragon raids and Planes raids.  OK
that's the way the game is... FINE deal with it, we all do already.    But
don't tell me that it's fair that a level 30 nekkid Druid can make more
money doing ports than a nekkid Warrior doing.. oh.. nothing.  If I'm
playing a warrior, and I get to 30, and my body decays for whatever reason..
I'm done.  I can just start another character.  There is no point in playing
that character anymore, until/unless I can twink some stuff to him.   But If
I play a level 30 druid that has a body decay.. Hey I can port till the cows
come home, and Stop off in Gfay, and re equip.  Probably with better
equipment anyways.

Now for the OTHER creativity cop-out.  Trade skills.  What the hell is up
with that Gordon?  When ya gonna fix them?  Why on NORRATH is a High Elf
Enchanter better suited ALL AROUND to being a smith than a Barbarian
Warrior?  IF Norrath were the REAL world that would definitely not be the
case because A: the enchanter, 9 times out of 10, would have no interest in
armor, and second would not have the physical stamina and strength to do the
work involved.  Having done just a LITTLE forging I'm here to tell you its
more stamina than strength.  I can understand some Skills being INT/WIS but
not ALL of them.  How hard is it to code them to stats that make sense?
Personally I would love to see every Trade skill get a Physical, and a
Mental stat.  OK so maybe Jewelry making would get AGI/INT still very
preferential to High Elf Enchanters, but truly.. it's their skill they
should be predisposed to it.. by the same token Smithing should be STA/STR
or something like that.

For my final Whine.. Why is it always a NERF?    Why is it that when trying
to create more parity between classes you always NERF a class... why can't
you ever Power UP a class?  Warriors need a LOT of tweaking.  I don't mean
screw all the necro's druid's and Mages till they're as pathetic as a
warrior is, but EVENTUALLY I'd like to go back to playing my warrior, but at
this point there's no point in playing a warrior.. they get the shaft of
both worlds.

Lokari wrote in message <390b4f99.23628699@nntp.enteract.com>...
>matuse73@yahoo.spam.me.not.com (Matt Frisch) wrote:
>
>>An oft repeated and yet false observation.
>
>Actually, Canticle verified that he did, indeed, know this.
>
>>And besides, knowing that something is unfair and bullshit does not make
it
>>any less unfair and bullshit.
>
>Some people have called this unfair from day one. That doesn't make it
>unfair.
>
>--
>www.enteract.com/~lokari
>"No one of consequence"




