Message-ID: <38A1D69C.6C9DF267@earthlink.net>
Subject: Re: AC dev talks about graphics engine superiority over EQ's. What do you think?
Date: Wed, 09 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: NBarnes <nbarnes@earthlink.net>
References: <38a17bde.30512332@news.earthlink.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 583826632
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-ELN-Date: Wed Feb 9 13:02:36 2000
X-Complaints-To: abuse@earthlink.net
X-Trace: newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net 950130156 63.199.135.141 (Wed, 09 Feb 2000 13:02:36 PST)
Organization: EarthLink Network, Inc.
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Wed, 09 Feb 2000 13:02:36 PST
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.everquest,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.everquest:1656 alt.games.everquest:4959

Silverlock wrote:
> 
> One of the Developers of AC posted this info about the graphics
> engines of EQ and AC. Do you think he telling the truth? Will AC last
> long enough to evolve graphically?  If its all about our graphics
> cards then shouldn't client side flags be able to change their funky
> blocky monsters into better looking ones if we have good video cards
> on our systems?

 *not uninteresting but ultimately flawed article snipped*

 That is such a load of BS.  The basic failure of this essay is that
it tries to convince you that polygon engines are the measure of
quality graphics and then makes the case that AC's engine is better
at pushing polygons that EQ's engine.  And as far as that goes,
it is probably right; AC's clipping plane is a lot further out than
EQ's, making AC have to handle a lot more polygons.
 However, that is _not_ all there is to graphic quality in a game.
The essay correctly makes the point that EQ's character model polygon
counts aren't higher than AC's particularly.  However, any moron
can look at a gnoll in EQ and look at a drudge in AC and tell you
which one looks better.  The fact is that AC _cheaped_out_ on
textures and EQ spent the big bucks to hire _good_ texture artists.
The result is that EQ has textures that look great _and_ that
disguise the polygons, making the models look smoother and more
realistic, whereas in AC, the crappy textures look bad and show off
the low polygon counts to worst effect (both EQ and AC have pretty
low poly counts compared to, say, id or Epic's work, for various
reasons that I shall not explore now).
 I'm not sure what the author is referring to about AC's engine
being more capable with higher-end systems.  About all that a
higher end system can do is push the clipping plane out further.
I could run AC on a SG server and I would still have the same
crappy poly count on a drudge with the same crappy texturing.  The
textures, which are the biggest difference between the graphics in
EQ and the graphics in AC, aren't even a matter of software.  A
Voodoo3 renders AC's poor textures no faster than it renders EQ's
good textures, and no software is going to make those textures
better; that takes an artist, and good 3d artists cost money, money
that Turbine obviously didn't want to spend on their product.
 In order for AC to look better, Ac would need not only to be
running on higher-end 3d accelerators, to store the higher-rez
textures, Turbine would need to hire artists to _completely_retexture_
every object in the game, and _then_ somehow get all those (hundreds
of megs worth of) new textures to all the AC players.  In short, if
you are feeling smug about the author's assurances that AC will look
better than EQ in 'another 6 to 8 months', don't hold your breath.

                                                          NBarnes


