Message-ID: <01bf73de$4eb3bf80$46a3f9c3@andersvb>
Subject: Paladin equipment advice
Date: Thu, 10 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Anders Vad Bruun" <andersvb@removethis.mail.tele.dk>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 584141301
X-Trace: news.inet.tele.dk 950197460 2865 195.249.163.70
Organization: Tele Danmark Internet Cyberspace Launchpad
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.everquest,alt.games.everquest
X-Complaints-To: Department of Written Abuse <abuse@news.inet.tele.dk>
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.everquest:1786 alt.games.everquest:5071

Among the knowledgeable people in this group, there must be someone who can
advise me on what gear I should be looking for.

My Paladin is currently less than satisfactorily equipped. I am first and
foremost a tradesman, and when I have gotten some bids for my gear that
were to sweet to turn down, I have sold. I LOVED my Ring of the goblin
lord...it looked cool. But when someone offered 450PP for it...well, there
you go.

This current nakedness has caused me to rethink my equipment strategies. I
used to go much for AC in my jewellery, then WIS, thinking that it would be
easier to find STR buffing items later on. But I think that I might have
gone about it in the wrong way, so please suggest what you think would be
best. 

Now please keep in mind, when suggestion what I should aim for, that looks
are IMPORTANT ;)

Now, the following pieces of equipment I am satisfied with as they are:

Charred Guardian Breastplate
Skull Shaped Barbute
Platinum Ruby Veil
Charred Guardian Shield (For when I at last get that elusive Ghoulbane...)
BIBS/DW Harpoon for the 2hs
Adamantite Epolets (sometimes changed for Crested Spaulders for the added
STA. Man, DW Harpoon is heavy. Ahh, guess I should just be happy I am no
longer wielding a SBH...)

These items are to be changed as soon as possible:
Bronze Leggings (for Silver plated leggings, perhaps, or for Greaves of Ro?
I have the mold, Soil of Underfoot and Sands of Ro..."just" need MM granite
and Melatite...)
Bronze Boots
Barbed Armplates
Bronze Bracer
Symbol of Loyalty to Vox
BI medallion
BI girdle

These items I am unsure of:
Jagged Band
Gold Jasper Earrings

I hope some wise and sagely advice come my way. Thanks in advance!

Drolgin Steingrinder, Paladin of Underfoot, wielder of too-heavy-weapons.
-- 
"For there are only two worlds - your world, which is the real world, and
other worlds, the Fantasy. Worlds like this are worlds of human
imagination: Their reality, or lack of reality, are no important. What is
important is that they are there. These worlds provide an alternative.
Provide an escape. Provide a threat. Provide a dream, and power, provide
refuge, and pain. They give your world meaning. They do not exist; and thus
they are all that matters"
 - Titania, Queen of Faerie, "Books of Magic"

AVB, who never liked fish in the first place.
andersvb@BLAHHHHmail.tele.dk

remove BLAHHHH (obvious, isn't it?) to email me.


