Message-ID: <XLrq4.26175$Nv1.2627105@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com>
Subject: Re: Latest on legislation directly afffecting you as a software consumer
Date: Wed, 16 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Falsadoom" <falsadoom@home.com>
References: <u4Gp4.23768$Nv1.2357524@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com> <QX0q4.5884$Zp1.176707@newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net> <247q4.25494$Nv1.2528916@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com> <E8kq4.25660$S71.183519@newsread2.prod.itd.earthlink.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 586408039
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6600
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc2.tx.home.com 950683767 24.11.185.216 (Tue, 15 Feb 2000 22:49:27 PST)
Organization: @Home Network
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: Tue, 15 Feb 2000 22:49:27 PST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:5422 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:50685 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic:96040


"Anthony X. Hughes" <anthonyh.clearthis@csstsc.com> wrote in message
news:E8kq4.25660$S71.183519@newsread2.prod.itd.earthlink.net...
> First I'll begin by apologizing for calling you a troll. It just seemed
like
> you took the most inflammatory statements from the news item and presented
> them as if that was all there was to it.
> However, it seems you are genuinely interested in this subject.

No offense taken. Unfortunately this needs to be heard far and wide, I
attempted to spark interest in this subject in different posts. If that
makes me a troll then I guess in a way I did, but this is indeed something
that bugs the hell out of me, is scary in general, and affects every single
one of us who like games and software (which is moving towards everyone in
one form or another).

> You can always buy from someone else. That is the beauty of a free world
> economy. No matter how big Microsoft, for example, gets there will always
be
> Joe Programmer who can write his/her own OS or app and thanks to the
> Internet can market as effectively as anyone.

But the problem is your OS won' run most the software should you opt to
choose ( I played the Apple game of independent and without software
selection for many years). This goes back to the standardization pros and
cons. It's sad Microsfot as a company was not content with it's
standardizing the operating systems for the everyday consumer, many
businesses, and even government facilities. They wanted it all, are and have
reached too high, now trying to exert thier money into realms affecting
everyone who owns a computer or something that uses software after engaging
in many destructive means to beating competitors in other industries of
software. However, if everyone did just suddenly decide to switch (not
probable in a quick period of time, maybe over a long period of time) to a
different O.S., things might be better but this legislation is truly going
to make most facets of any software company invoke truly evil methods
eventually ,which I say will be relative to thier success and financial
stability.

> Don't register your software, I never do. You'll only get junk mail,
anyway.

Apparently not possible with Office 2000 unless you like reinstalling every
50 uses.

> Or, don't use software that requires registering. The choice is yours.

Registering software in the realm of retail consumer products is an industry
imposed method of trying to perpetuate the misconception that software sold
at a retail level is the same as someone going out and contracting someone
to create, provide, or license you to use something. That is simply not
true. It is a product. They want to have all the benefits of a hashed out
face to face AGREEMENT between two parties who know exactly what the terms
of use are prior to agreeing to anything and purchasing those rights. It is
completely alien and wrong to try and sell products in this fashion and then
later slap some agreement that people supposedly are licensing a piece of
software. Now, am I saying that you cannot fufil these terms to make
consumer products a licensed material instead? No, not at all, that is up to
the company, as long as they do it PROPER. What they seek is the fast
effective profit model of selling a retail product and then getting the
added protections/control of actually contracting with someone who has
merely licensed use of a product. It is simply trying to have your cake and
eat it too with no regard whatsoever to the end user.

> You can't use another person's property and not expect them to put
> limitations on how you use it, can you?

See above.

> It's like borrowing your neighbor's lawnmower and then becoming angry when
> the bastard  asks you what you plan to do with it.

No, it's like buying the lawnmower from your neighbor's friend, then the
neighbor who comes over angry 2 days later and whips out this piece of paper
saying you agreed to return the mower, he get's to maintain full ownership,
and you have no rights whatsoever, after you bought the mower. You then
explain you never agreed to any such terms and that you purchased the mower
outright from the friend. The neighbor says his friend will have to give you
your money back. You go to your neighbor's friend and explain the situation,
he says sorry, all sales are final. You are now a victim of a racket to sell
and keep rights to something sold as property, then enforced as
rented/leased. This is a very crude example of just 1 single problem with
this whole situation.

> The problem most people have is that when they buy that software box, they
> think they "bought" the software when in fact they just licensed a copy,
> with all of the limits and restrictions the owner of the software feels
like
> imposing.

They did, it is sold as a product. If companys wish to license thier
products then they should enforce proper methods of licensing. See above.

> > Nah, they just delete what you bought after 50 uses if you refused to
> > register (Office 2000 according to ZDTV does this in it's present
state).
>
> Huh? I have never been prompted to register my Office 2000. I've used it
> more than fifty times (just guessing, I check Outlook 2000 each day for
> email and have been doing so since I bought Office 2k last year in
October.)

This was jsut on ZDTV, all I can go by.

> But, my point is, you don't need anything in Office 2000 to live a full
and
> productive life. If you don't like the terms of its use, DON'T USE IT!!
It's
> very, very simple.

I don't and won't. But my point was, these are just more examples of absurd
tactics, which further emphasize my main point that software companys are
trying every way they can to have thier cake and eat it too. Now they just
don;t want to have you constrained to a EULA, no rights, and no means to
fight back, they want your personal information to boot, to put you in a
database, and use it for whatever means they deem fit.

> For the same reason the dog licks his balls, because they can. You have no
> choice, you want to use their software, you have to use it according to
> their rules.
> Why is that such a difficult concept to understand?

Now you are muddying the waters and your funneling all of this down into a
misconception. See above.

[snip]

> A. X. H.

Falsa





