Message-ID: <%HXq4.27982$Nv1.2757599@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com>
Subject: Current sound cards for gaming and my findings
Date: Thu, 17 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Falsadoom" <falsadoom@home.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 587034704
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6600
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc2.tx.home.com 950814587 24.11.185.216 (Thu, 17 Feb 2000 11:09:47 PST)
Organization: @Home Network
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 17 Feb 2000 11:09:47 PST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.action,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.adventure,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:5501 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.action:109049 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.adventure:31825 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:50694 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic:96152 rec.games.computer.everquest:2171

I will keep this short, sweet, and informative in a general sense. This is
crossposted to the game threads I read since sound/music pretty much makes
up half the experience, I wanted to pass on something I have personally done
(buy 3 cards, toss them in the same machine, and pretty much detail what I
found). I have a dolby surround reciever with 5 speakers (2 forward, 2 back,
and 1 center) at the moment. Will be getting a 5.1 and add the subwoofer
eventually. But the way my setup sound is handled now, allows me to test how
it works with the cheap setup I have been using and doesn't rely on any high
end noise reduction (multimedia settings are set to surround sound system
via windows control panel).

Sound Blaster Live! series(eax): This was the worst sounding in playback.
Many titles had a slight stuttering hiss (noise) when playing. No amount of
mixing and adjusting through the windows media controls would eliminate
this. It drove me bonkers after hearing a much better and purer playback
quality on the Vortex 2 (see below). One of the issues you tweak when
setting up a card to go through another amplified source is figuring out how
much signal boost comes directly from the computer (windows volume control
and in game controls), versus how much you use your reciever to amplify it.
Luckily this is usually a one time adjustment that once you have it the way
you like it, you never have to fiddle with it again. Unfortunately in my
experiences with SB Live, I could never tune out the fuzzy hisses from the
card (not to be confused with the hiss from your volume on the reciever
being to high). Moderate to minimal performace degradation on framerates
from using this card.

Monster Sound mx300 (vortex2): This card truly had superior 3d psuedo
surround and pure playback. It was so pure that some things like coins
dropping in Everquest would hurt your ears in a way. This card makes every
game sound absolutely incredible to me. Up until now vortex2 was imho the
only real choice for superior sound on the low end retail market. But, this
card also takes a large chunk out of performance. Moreso than the SB Live.
So if you have a beefy machine, then it may not matter as much. The other
drawback is that you do not get the enironmental style effects that the SB
live cards offer (Like when you go into a cave in EQ and get the echos
(reverb) or hear that elephant out on the ice plains trumpteting all the way
across the zone).

Monster Sound mx400 (Sensura): Now enter the new Sensaura technology which
uses emulation of EAX. This is the have your cake and it it too card imho. I
play something like Drakan (direct 3d sound), and the sound effects of
fading and being high above me or coming toward me then whizzing by  me are
so much more pronounced, realistic, and like a genuine Dolby 5.1 sound
system (like in my living room). I can play Everquest and get all the
evironmental effects as well. The sound clairity on EAX playback is pristine
for the most part. Eax in general has that twangy canned sound when it
mutates audio samples, this card in it's emulation is the same way with eax
samples (like when you are in a cave, and I am talking about the tone, above
and beyond the application of the effect). Sensaura still has some refining
to do on the direct sound however (like in Drakan). It has some of that
background noise, most of which can be adjusted out, but is still present
and if they can refine this part, Sensaura is going to be a real winner of a
product for those who buy it. Oh yes, this card has minmal to lite
performance degradation making it so far the best sound card as far as
performance preservation as well. So, all in all even with my pet sound
peeve being a little present in the d3d playback (something they will refine
I am sure as it is thier main cup of tea like aureal does with a3d), I am
liking this card ALOT. I have been playing other games and so far no real
disappointments. I may find some major pot holes in the road sooner or
later, but for my intitial run through, this card appears to be what I am
looking for. Oh yes forgot to mention it also has the S/PDIF coax connect
for Dolby 5.1, 48 direct sound hardware voices, true quad output (if you
have the 4 powered speaker setup), front and rear speaker outputs. A ton o
software and got it for $79 bucks at E.B. for those interested.

Falsa






