Message-ID: <8epv77$fvl$1@murdoch.acc.Virginia.EDU>
Subject: Tactical advice
Date: Wed, 03 May 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: ejk4e@node2.unix.Virginia.EDU (Edward James Kilsdonk)
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 618825999
Organization: University of Virginia
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:8828 rec.games.computer.everquest:6295

Some of the folks from our local gaming group have been getting
together on Tuesdays to play.  We are settling into a group of
six, all characters chosen by people with a lot of role-playing
experience who started several Everquest characters and stuck
with these because they find them interesting and compelling.

In other words, I do not want advice on what races and classes
to swap out but rather am looking for suggestions on how to get
better use out of the combination that we happen to use.

Wood elf ranger 23 (me)
Gnome enchanter 23
dark elf cleric 24
half-elf druid 24
high elf wizard 25
dark elf wizard 26

We have been camping the bowl room in cazic thule and doing the
occasional dungeon crawl elsewhere, and our current tactics are
along the lines of:

ranger pulls or opens combat on the new spawn
ranger flame licks and snares, taunts as necessary to keep
primary target off the casters.
enchanter mezzes, speeds ranger, debuffs mobs
wizard 26 will root-part extra mobs as needed
one wizard and the cleric use stuns (just started on this and
we need more practice at it)
cleric keeps the ranger alive (woo hoo level 24 cleric spells
rock)
druid damage shields, back-up heals, back up nukes
wizards nuke lightly in normal pulls, heavily when things go
wrong
one of the wizards is new-spawn watch and will call for the
part to switch to a caster if one comes up while we are
meleeing down something else.

Good parts about this group:  
necromancer npcs and other perilous casting critters have a
short and exciting life.
I get to fight a lot
We make a lot of use of enchanter pets (too much use sometimes)

problems I have noted:
not enough beat-down for efficiency (we NEED a rogue)
when the chanter gets resisted, life gets brutal and short
cleric, stun-wizard and chanter NEED good timing (we are
getting better at it) for all 3 to survive the fight

Any tactical thoughts that I could pass on to the others?

ps - it can get surprisingly hard to take a lizard that broke
charm and taunt it off the enchanter.

Thanks for your help.

Ted K.
-- 
Edward J. Kilsdonk           Look, ytte is written in Olde.  It muste
Graduate Student, History    bee fromme before they invented fpelling.
Univerfity of Virginia                          
RedTed@Virginia.EDU          http://faraday.clas.virginia.edu/~ejk4e


