Message-ID: <OrDH5.23$%Q.219@newsfeed.avtel.net>
Subject: Re: Easiest Choice?
Date: Thu, 19 Oct 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Scott Kasai" <keiichi@wNOSPAMest.com>
References: <lYsH5.16142$Ou2.823015@news-east.usenetserver.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 683405282
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
X-Complaints-To: abuse@avtel.com
X-Trace: newsfeed.avtel.net 971965294 207.71.198.171 (Thu, 19 Oct 2000 07:21:34 PDT)
Organization: None
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 19 Oct 2000 07:21:34 PDT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:11426 rec.games.computer.everquest:9913

"Duncun Staxx" <Aftrbrth@sover.net> wrote in message
news:lYsH5.16142$Ou2.823015@news-east.usenetserver.com...
> Ok now that I got my account up and working I was wondering. What is the
> easiest Class/Race/Religion combo to start the game off with. I have made
4
> Chars from Pure Warrior to a Necromancer and I keep getting my ass handed
to
> me by every thing and one. I dont really wont this char to be overly perm
I
> just wont to cut my teeth with it so I could start with something I really
> wont to play as. Any advice would be handy. Also do you only get EXP from
> killing or does it raise with other none combat skill use?
>
> And if this question has been asked so many times its hard to count. Im
> guessing it has. Im sorry.

Actually, a lot of the suggestions made here are good, but some of them
lacking mentioning a few things.  First off...  Get the Prima strat guide.
Actually get an idea of each of the classes.  Another place to look at is
eq.castersrealm.com, which has character creation guides.

Now, as for what I might suggest for character development...  If you want
to play a fairly dead-head type character, Warrior would be the best case,
focus on cities like Kelethin or Freeport or Qeynos.  Those three cities
have decent newbie zones.  In fact, Kelethin's zone is a good zone to the
point you rarely have to start looking for groups at 5th or 6th level to get
decent xp with harder mobs.  Warriors themselves, are the easiest, highest
HP chars out there.  The only problems with being a warrior is having to
depend on casters to keep you alive and depending on casters to bind you to
new cities so as to avoid long treks to retrieve your corpse when a Rez
spell is not available.

Definitely know your role.  Clerics, at the beginning, can solo a few
things, but after a while, they need to be less in the front and more in the
background healing other people.  Wizards/Mages/Enchanters, you will start
to depend more on your spells than on actual melee, so don't try to take on
things.  Warriors/paladins should learn to kick, bash, taunt as much as
possible, because you are the ones who have to keep the casters alive if you
want to live to.

Do a /con or 'c' of what you will hit.  Don't hit anything Red or Yellow
unless you are in a group and KNOW the group can handle it.  Right now, my
cleric can engage some red and Yellow mobs, mostly because the group itself
can handle it and my cleric also has decent healing skills.  And when I mean
engage, when my cleric cons a mob, my cleric informs the group the mob at
what level it cons for him and people jump on the mob like fleas on a dog.
Furthermore, as a newbie, learn the value of running.  You will later find
out, that even high level people run and scream like little girls when they
get hit hard by the mob they are working on, mostly because some situations
will not allow a hopeful stand up fight, and as you get older in the game,
you can't really afford to die.  This starts to kick in around 6th or 7th
level, and you lose about half a bubble of exp or more, depending on how
stupid you are in attacking a mob. (IE: I know of one 20th level char who
lost about 1.2 bubble of XP when pounced on by a Centaur Charger)

Research a little about the places you are hitting.  www.eqatlas.com has
maps of the places and some of the sites you may want to investigate or hit
upon/camp with group.  Research the critters in question using
http://eqbeastiary.allakhazam.com/, for instance, to get an idea of
recommended levels of creatures in that zone to hit.

Lastly, stay in the good graces of higher level players.  Don't overly beg
or bother them too much for stuff.  Most high level players are kind and
will even give you stuff because they know what you are going through.  Just
so you know, I know of one Newbie guy who harrassed one of my characters,
trying to convince me to loan my stuff to him, saying he will give it back,
but being the skeptic I am, refused to.  (That, plus the fact that later on,
I heard other people were burned or foolish enough to believe the person in
question).  And believe it or not, some of those higher level characters are
also making new lower level characters to try different flavors of
characters, so they are not going to be less inclined to support you, mostly
because someday, they hope to get the same treatment later with their lower
level char.

Hopefully, some of these hints will help.  Again, easiest char to play would
probably be warrior, where you can soak a bit more damage, when properly
created.  But you should also learn not to hit everything in sight, take
breathers near the guard or hope a nice cleric/druid/shaman heals you up
passing by.  Buffs are nice, but don't rely on them too much, and
kick/taunt/bash as much as you can, because you will be using that a lot
when you are in groups. :)





