Message-ID: <72fu4p$n7p$1@camel18.mindspring.com>
Subject: Re: Proof of the exsistance of Sailor Moon
Date: Thu, 12 Nov 1998 00:00:00 +0000
From: "RGlenCheek" <rglencheek@mindspring.com>
References: <72aso5$i2a$1@news-2.news.gte.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.forsaken.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 411271226
X-Server-Date: 13 Nov 1998 00:22:49 GMT
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.2106.4
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Newsgroups: alt.games.diablo,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.final-fantasy,alt.games.final-fantasy.hentai,alt.games.final-fantasy.rpg,alt.games.forsaken
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.diablo:2625 alt.games.everquest:289 alt.games.final-fantasy:34945 alt.games.final-fantasy.hentai:8929 alt.games.final-fantasy.rpg:35984 alt.games.forsaken:8001

This is an obvious troll, but I'll bite anyway. Maybe some other 12 year
old, unlike this threads author, might still have an open mind on the
subject.

Wyvern > wrote in message <72aso5$i2a$1@news-2.news.gte.net>...
>*to all on AGFF who have already seen this, sorry, I coulden't get rid of
>the group's name when I pasted the crosspost unto the "to" line, and if I
>typed it, I'd mispell everything. And for those of you who don't know,
>Sailor Moon is a japanese animation charecter*

>Sailormoon exsists. I can prove it.


You just admitted he was an anime character, thus yeilding your primary
contention before you even started.

>You see, a coke can cannot be made on it's own, someone had to desgin it.

The coke can shows signs of design, thus someone made it, true.

>So logically, despite mountins of evidence to the contrary, *everything*
>had
>to be designed by someone.

Everything that has design has a designer. Design is the product of an
intelligence, and not of random events. Make a coke can from random events
and I'll concede. The question, on any particular object, is whether it has
design. If it has design it _must_ have a designer. The Coke can has design,
a garden as well, but does a tree? Does the hand show design? If they do,
they have a designer. A rock hurled from a volcano does not, IMO, have
apparent design, but a shoe does.

> Including the universe and the earth and the
>trees and the ducks and Don Knotts.

Yes, they all have design, even Don Knotts.

>Want proof? Look at the bannana, damn
>it! It's the greatest miracle ever!

Yes the banana has design.

>So, you see, someone created
>everything, and even though creations like toxic sludge, death and Rush
>Limbaugh suggest that this person is a jackass, or at least screws up all
>the time, we now have proof, through the bannana, the coke can, the earth,
>and the CD player (see Luke 178:42, "The parable of the sony walkman") that
>there is a divine creator who made everything.

No, the Divine Creator did not make everything. Some things are made by man,
some things are made by a creator of divine dimensions.

> And that someone is
>Sailormoon.


A gratuitous assumption made for the sake of assinine humor. One might point
to things that have design that is beyond mans capability and suggest that
there was some non-human creator behind it, but that creator could be 1)
Extra Terrestrials (if they exist), 2) a god of limited power, 3) a god of
infinite power that is unknown to us, 4) the God of Judaism, christianity,
and Islam. Your claim that it was Sailormoon is on its face erroneous,
because you have already admited that Sailormoon is an anime character, and
thus a creation, not a creator. Sailormoons chance of creating something is
about as good as your chance of stumbling on an original thought.

>Think about it. I've proved that there is a creator despite a total lack of
>logic, (it's a MIRACLE! praise Usagi-sama!) so I say it's Sailor Moon.

There is nothing illogical about asserting that design indicates a designer.
The illogic is in your leap of presumption to it being an anime character.
Preposterous as well, but typical of what passes for logic among athiests
and agnostics.

>There is no more proof of this than there is of God being the Supreme
>Being, you say?

No, I dont say.

>Heathen! Surly you have read the holy books, wich were
>seralizsed monthly in Nakayoshi manga magazine until last year, and seen
>the holy televsision series, both of wich were divinly inspired by
>Sailormoon and not just some fiction that some writer came up with based on
>some old myths. They're the TRUTH! She inspired them! Every word of it,
>even the movies wich do not fit into the continity of the stories at all,
>is true.

Did it ever occur to you that if you are wrong, you are only making it worse
for yourself by compounding foolish athiesm with blasphemous disrespect for
Someone you obviously know NOTHING about? You're an idiot.

>The Godess does not concearn herself with such trifles as "logic,
>reason, conintuty, lack of huge contradictions, etc."

Nor, apparently, do you.

>Moreever, you are to
>worship Chibi-usa, her only begotten daughter, who she sent to the earth of
>the past to (almost) die and help kill the Death Phantom.


More blasphemy that is supposed to pass for assinine humor.

>In short, Sailormoon is god because I say so.

Proving that it cannot be a god. God is God no matter what you might try to
think.

>I may not have any kind of
>proof or even good arguments, but I have plenty of heresay and cirular
>logic wich on the surface almost makes sense to a six-year old who's
>suffered brain damage!

Some of the greatest minds of history have believed in God, like Einstein,
Pasteur, Plato, daVinci, and Newton. The only brain damaged six-year old
here is apparently yourself.

>Now BELIVE, dammit! Don't make me talk about hell
>and try to scare you!


You are incapable of scaring me, since you are patently without credibility,
nor even posessed of a simple grasp of logic or reality.

>To those who still do not belive, you need to look at the coke can.
>Meditate on it, by wich I mean stare at it constantly, for several months.
>Eventually you will start to speak in tounges.


Or babble senselessly like this twit who hides behind the alias Wyvern.

  Many young folk fall into the trap of trying to fill their lives with sex,
or possessions, whatever forms of pleasure than can grasp for the moment. It
is foolish, because those pleasures always lose their sparkle and desire,
and the young fool must pursue something else to satiate his contemptible
thirsts. They thus consume themselves, expending first their divine
potential, then their self respect, then their humanity, and on, till they
will do anything to have just a chance at some fulfillment. Or maybe, they
do the family thing, the kid thing, the house thing, and then buy anything
that they may think will give them some satisfaction. But it becomes futile,
and they are left empty, sad, and alone.

  Or they give up on life, on ever feeling satisfied. And death becomes
their one last challenge. Most shrink from it, but many dont. But for those
too cowardly to face their perceived 'truth' of their pointless existence,
there is little more than frustration left, and a burning hatred and
contempt for anyone who has found something more in life, something better
to pursue than mere gratification. And they spout out their stupid
foolishness whenever that frustration gets just a bit too much to bear. And
the truly pathetic thing about it is that they have the answers to their
problems inside their own hearts and minds all along, but they were too dead
to see it.

RGlenCheek




