Message-ID: <50FE02D5C056C492.1BF8D510E795B27F.ED5FF27A9F701C43@library-proxy.airnews.net>
Subject: Why the UO lawsuit was settled
Date: Mon, 22 Mar 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: nospam@withmygreen.eggs (Jag)
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.ultima-online.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 457430439
X-Orig-Message-ID: <36f5bda9.32273142@news.airmail.net>
NNTP-Posting-Time: Sun Mar 21 21:54:12 1999
Organization: Airnews.net! at Internet America
NNTP-Proxy-Relay: library3
Abuse-Reports-To: abuse at airmail.net to report improper postings
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.adventure,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,alt.games.ultima-online,rec.games.computer.ultima-online
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:1083 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.adventure:27348 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:44539 alt.games.ultima-online:39350


   I haven't posted to usenet much since the suit was settled and I
want to set the record straight. Desslock did an interview with Bunboy
but I am sure many probably may have missed it. Basicly the defendants
were petioning us to settle for quite some time. "WE" chose to settle
not because anything the defense did or threatened, but becuase of
something completely unrelated to the case but impacted it under law.
The court of appeals had just wrote into law something to the effect
that only class action suits within the borders of California would be
handled by the court system and not national class actions. Those are
laymen's terms. The law may say something entirely different but that
is what the effect of it was in our eyes. SO, we had no chance of
appeal, only to refile the case. Most of us agreed we had come too far
and had already had a major impact on getting UO to make changes like
new servers, add-on at cost, etc.. Refiling the case in another state
and bringing on another attorney licensed to practice in that state,
would not have been productive in our belief, not to mention draining
more funds from Bunboy and the other attorneys on a repeat case. So we
decided to accept the settlement and get roughly 12.5 TIMES the
damages we could have gotten alone awarded to a charity. The charity
was dedicated to The Museum of Technological Innovation in San Jose,
CA, if I remember correctly, which we felt was appropriate. Most
people already had thier minds made up one way or the other. Those who
felt EA/OSI acted the way our suit claimed or not would probably go on
continue thinking the way they always had, whether we went the
distance or not etc.. It was all like running a marathon and getting
to the 17th mile only to have the race called off for a majority of
the runners. If that law by the court of appeals had not been handed
down, we would still be involved in that suit imho. After all, the
judge had already upheld many of our claims as valid after several
attempts by the defendents to get them thrown out. Anyways, there's
the short and honest truth from one of the horses mouths. Now for the
question of the day, would I do it over again if a situation required
it? I will answer that with an adamant "yes".

  One thing people need to remember in relation to Everquest's
performance, we begged, pleaded and ehausted efforts for response and
gave UO roughly 5 months of time before we filed a suit as a LAST
RESORT. I think EQ is deserving of being given some time to get thier
ducks in a row and the benefiet of a doubt. Already I see Brad M, and
John S. being more open and honest with us to the best of thier extent
imho (it would be nice to see this on thier MAIN PAGE), however the
suit should also have emphasized how important getting off on the
right foot was with the launch of an online game. I sincerely hope
they get things up and running for I wish nothing but the best for
them and thier company and truly enjoy the game when it works. I have
bought Sony products all my life and continue to do so. EQ should be
given a break for the time being. I am as frustrated and angry as most
everyone else. There is a time to file a suit and there is a time to
peacefully negotiate, request, and demand. It is time for negotiating
right now. And I also think if they can't get the game running
properly by Monday then the product shouldn't be sold until they do OR
sold with the understanding that the ticker on the 30 day free play
will not start until the game is stable. It's also the first game I
have purchased that only provides music support for not only 1 brand
of card, but one specific model of a brand of card. They are suppose
to be rectifying this tomarrow. I am crossing my fingers that things
will get worked out expediently and satisfactorily for everyone's
enjoyment.

Jag


"Far better it is to dare mighty things.. Than to take rank with those poor timid spirits who know neither victory nor defeat."

Theadore Roosevelt, 1889
