Message-ID: <3882C544.6066051F@escape.ca>
Subject: Re: Overcrowding Comments <not a rant>
Date: Mon, 17 Jan 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Canticle <canticle@escape.ca>
References: <vqyg4.1353$Pb4.10347@newsfeed.slurp.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 573646562
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Trace: typhoon.mbnet.mb.ca 948094151 209.202.46.27 (Mon, 17 Jan 2000 01:29:11 CST)
Organization: MBnet Networking Inc.
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 17 Jan 2000 01:29:11 CST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:3854 rec.games.computer.everquest:525



"Darious M." wrote:

> Once again new servers are to be added, but it will not help.  I worked very
> hard to get my char to 50 and i am in a guild i enjoy very much, Im not
> going to leave my server simply to be among a bunch of strangers and have no
> fun.  I dont understand why you will not allow us to transfer our chars and
> or guilds to other servers or rather new servers.  Ive heard the statements
> about ruining the economy but thats untrue.  The economy in EQ is already
> ruined due to farmers and rare spawns.  10 new servers could be added per
> week but people will always go back to theyre old server because of the time
> theyve put in.  I work as a network admin so i know it wouldnt be that hard
> to image files from 1 server to another, time consuming yes but i believe
> that it is worth it.  EQ is a great game and i enjoy playing it.  But i
> think its somewhat ridiculous that my level 30 monk cant find anywhere to
> get exp.  You guys put alot of time and effort into EQ in the first place,
> isnt it worth the little extra effort to make EQ a better world to game in?

One thing everyone who argues for character transfers is forgetting is
the new expansion coming out.

First, consider the work involved in transferring characters to a
different server: They have to come up with a FAIR system (i.e. What if
everyone and their dog wants to transfer to Karana, which has borderline
overcrowding as it is? What if a guild wants all their members to
transfer to a server but there isn't room for them all? What if a
character that wants to transfer over has the same name as someone else
already on that server? What if they have to set up a whole new server
just to accomodate people who want to transfer?). ALL of these questions
have to be addressed and answered adequately before they can do it, and
how long do you think that will take? Assume, at best, a month, which
brings us to end of February. OK, they decide on a new server (which is
probably the ONLY real way to do it). Fine and dandy, that takes a month
to set up (given past experience we've had with them setting up new
servers). We're already into lateMarch and the expansion comes out.

Bang, 20+ new zones, overcrowding is now nowhere NEAR an issue because
people are so spread out.

Never mind the fact there is still a lot of room with the existing game
IF they balanced things better. Three entire zones are ALWAYS virtually
deserted even during peak hours: Toxxulia, Kerra Isle, and Erudin. Other
zones are underpopulated during peak hours (South Ro on some servers).
Spread things out here as well.

Yes, there is a problem with overcrowding, I started noticing it when
the pop hit about 1600 on Karana. 20+ new zones, however, if they are
well balanced, gives room for a MINIMUM of 500 additional people per
server (figuring an average of 25 people per zone. It would no doubt be
more, but I'm working for minimum impact here). Given Verant's stated
objective of 1500 people per server (and personally, I find between
1500-1700 still gives playability, but the popular zones definitely get
overcrowded at that point), adding room for 500 MORE allows room for
2000 players per server. 

I don't think the answer is character transfers, personally, but better
zone design (to spread people out over what already exists) and the
addition of new zones to accomodate additional players. The Temple of
Solusek Ro was a nice addition but due to its nature (a quest only town
type zone) it is NOT going to spread people out.

Verant should kick start new zone design before they consider character
transfer. Plan for an additional zone every month. Think of how many
players would appreciate a whole new dungeon in (for example) Kithicor.
A cave entrance along the path that leads into a warren of Shralok Orc
Caves, for example. Make it comparable in level range to Runnyeye, give
it the size of Guk and the loot distribution system of Splitpaw, and you
could easily draw away a good 20-40 people out of Guk and into the new
dungeon. Near a bindable zone (even closer than Guk is to Freeport),
with a lot of dangers and benefits.

Jeff-boy


