Message-ID: <37A5A254.64100B9A@duke.edu>
Subject: Cerebrum: Technical Problem-- Please Help!
Date: Mon, 02 Aug 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: Bill <wfg@duke.edu>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.myst.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 507952823
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Trace: 2 Aug 1999 08:46:12 -0500, 208.26.249.18
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
MIME-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: alt.games.myst,alt.games.dungeon-keeper,alt.games.baldurs-gate,alt.games.diablo,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.final-fantasy,alt.games.half-life,alt.games.riven,alt.games.phantasy-star
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.myst:4427 alt.games.dungeon-keeper:6974 alt.games.baldurs-gate:50953 alt.games.diablo:4190 alt.games.everquest:2745 alt.games.final-fantasy:49610 alt.games.half-life:3751 alt.games.riven:13598 alt.games.phantasy-star:5831

Hi everybody-
    A few days ago I posted to several groups announcing our new message
board at cerebrumsoftware.com for game players and developers to voice
their opinions of what features should be programmed into
next-generation RPGs.  We got a great response, however unfortunately on
Friday our server crashed and we lost everybody's posts.  We ask that
everybody who posted there please do so again, and we'll try to get the
discussions back up and running.  I'll include the original message that
I posted.

We look forward to seeing your posts!

Bill & the Cerebrum Software development team
www.cerebrumsoftware.com

// begin original letter

7/29/99

Subject: What do you want to see in the RPG of the future?

Message Body:

What feature(s) and functions do you desperately want to see in an RPG?
What game do you think best exemplifies what a good RPG is right now?
Why?

I'm really curious about what other people think about this.   For the
past 2 years I've been working (in what little free time I have) with a
group of gamers to create the RPG of the future-- a game that takes into
account every disappointment, annoyance and frustration caused by the
features found (or lacking) in games we've all played in the past.  Over
the past two years we've been framing out storyline, graphics, inventory
and have developed a hybrid 2D-3D game engine which we feel will offer
the highest level of interactivity ever.  Now we're all ready to start
heavy production work.

To help us develop this game, we've set up a message board at
http://www.cerebrumsoftware.com  It's pretty empty right now (we just
started it recently), but we hope to fill it with interesting and
intelligent conversation about what should go into our game.  As a
dedicated group of gamers, we want to make the best RPG ever, but we all
know that this is not possible without outside help.  We want to hear
what you'd like to see in the next generation of role playing games.

For example, one of my contributions to this project has been to develop
what we're calling IOI- Infinite Object Interactivity.  Simply put, this
means that every graphic on the screen is its own object.  Each object
has its own properties, pulled from  a list of about 50 global
properties.  Objects can be combined, used, etc. according to a set of
rules.  This takes RPG interactivity to the next level.  Imagine, for
example, using water and oats to make oatmeal.  Sure the water and the
oats each have nutritional value, but when combined this value increases
and is more fortifying (because it tastes better and is easier to eat).
This is a mundane example, of course, but it's only the beginning.
Another example?  You pluck two types of herb from a nearby garden.
Taken apart each is a deadly poison, but used together they heal
wounds.  Or maybe crush one, mix it with water to form a paste and then
use it to make poison arrows or poison somebody's food or water supply.
Put out a fire with water.  Or start a fire with some dry wood and a
flint.  Cut down a tree for fuel, or to make a path.  The possibilities
are endless.

This has been THE MOST important feature to me, but it may not be so for
other gamers.  This is why I'd like to know what YOU want to see.

Please stop by our message board and tell us your thoughts.  Are we
headed in the right direction? Is there something that you'd REALLY like
to see in a game?  We'll all be checking in periodically every day, so
our feedback and interactions should be very quick (I hate posting to
message forums only to wait a week before getting a reply to my post--
so it'll never happen on ours :), and hopefully it will be a much more
concise and "concentrated" forum than newsgroups (which we opted not to
create because we like the message board format much more).

Thanks again, and I hope to see you on our message board!

Bill Gerba
bill@cerebrumsoftware.com
http://www.cerebrumsoftware.com





