Message-ID: <395bf35f.4311164@news.globalcenter.net>
Subject: Re: Help with EQ Freezes
Date: Fri, 23 Jun 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: dcd@firstnethou.com (Dan Day)
References: <8ita83$ok3$1@murdoch.acc.Virginia.EDU>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 638265440
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@globalcenter.net
Organization: Frontier GlobalCenter Inc.
Mime-Version: 1.0
X-Posted-By: @216.104.41.2 (ensyte01)
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:10305 rec.games.computer.everquest:8172

On 22 Jun 2000 15:09:55 GMT, ejk4e@node10.unix.Virginia.EDU (Edward James
Kilsdonk) wrote:
>The Freezes will come during gameplay, anywhere from 10 seconds
>to 90 minutes after I start to play.  The screen freezes,
>sometimes with one or three brief flickers, and the computer
>must be turned off in order to get it to respond.

You've already tried my most likely suggestions
(turning off hardware sound acceleration, and turning
down video acceleration).

Another thing is to make sure you've got the VERY LATEST
video (and sound!) drivers from the manufacturer.  It doesn't
matter how new your computer is, it takes several months for
the system and its components to work its way through the
design and manufacturing pipeline -- by the time a "new"
computer hits the shelves, the drivers are already several
months out of date.  Check the manufacturers' websites.
A fresh new video card right off the store shelves acted
squirrelly for me until I grabbed the latest drivers off
the maker's website, and now it works just perfectly.

To isolate a video problem from a sound problem, go to
Device Manager and DISABLE your sound card entirely at
the system level.  Then reboot and see if the game still
locks up on you.

Also, modern computers usually have more than one audio
device they can use -- my not-so-new system had two (one
"standard", and one aimed more towards the synthesizer
crowd).  When I first installed EQ, I got NO sound, until
I switched to the other one, even though everything else
had played fine for more than a year.

Also make sure you've got IE 5.x installed, then do a
"Windows Update", letting it download all critical fixes,
and as many of the "recommended" patches that seem even
remotely relevant.

If all else fails, borrow a 3D video card from a friend
(or wherever), and try it for a day or two.  Pinpointing
the source of the problem doesn't necessarily fix it,
but it can at least focus your efforts into attacking
the right components, instead of working all over the map.

Finally, if you try everything possible and your
computer still locks up, it may be possessed -- call
an exorcist.  (Just kidding, of course, but it's
amazing how many systems act as if they ARE possessed --
everything checks out fine, but it still acts
like it has a malevolent mind of its own.)

Oh, one more thing -- pray this isn't a little
AMD "incompatibility".  I used to be a big fan of
"offbrand" CPUs, but after being bitten too many
times, I now stick with nothing but Intel CPUs.

Good luck, and let us know how it turns out.


--
   "How strangely will the Tools of a Tyrant pervert the 
plain Meaning of Words!"
   --Samuel Adams (1722-1803), letter to John Pitts, January 21, 1776


