Message-ID: <722ojs$p62$1@news.bctel.net>
Subject: Re: Proof of the existence of God. ( was Re: TIME TRAVEL IS *POSSIBLE* )
Date: Sat, 07 Nov 1998 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Marbles the Gezzer" <gezzerNO@SPAMbigfoot.com>
References: <3637A20A.4CFF@release.com> <71e0cv$4ll@nntp.seflin.org> <363B2C8F.BEA792A@uswest.net> <COI_1.1773$qi1.1529045@HME2.newscontent-01.sprint.ca> <363B5FEB.4C73@cableol.co.uk> <363BD0F9.1C4FE16@m.com> <Mw5%1.3319$tY2.3233@news13.ispnews.com> <364808b7.102361369@NEWS.STLNET.COM> <71lgu5$cd4$1@usenet42.supernews.com> <71ttg8$dtc@newsstand.cit.cornell.edu> <etczNfaC#GA.294@upnetnews02.moswest.msn.net> <364385ED.1BAC83BE@mindspring.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.forsaken.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 409490686
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.3155.0
Organization: BCTEL Advanced Communications
Newsgroups: alt.games.diablo,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.final-fantasy,alt.games.final-fantasy.hentai,alt.games.final-fantasy.rpg,alt.games.forsaken
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.diablo:2534 alt.games.everquest:200 alt.games.final-fantasy:34746 alt.games.final-fantasy.hentai:8552 alt.games.final-fantasy.rpg:35517 alt.games.forsaken:7840

    Man... LOL... who says that video games destroy brain cells? <grin> You
can't tell it by following these discussions, no matter how off-topic they
are. Because the subject matter at hand, is near and dear to my heart. I
just have to post, and take my chances with the "off-topic police". Forgive
me for this transgression please, and remember much of this is IMHO, so no
flames please.
    First off, I need to mention I'm a Christian, believing in a God, and
 of course ) Christ, and go to church every Sunday. I as well believe in the
scientific method ( SM ) for the most part, and many schools of scientific
thought. Now I need to dispel a few misconceptions held by both the
religious and non-religious alike.
    There is a major difference between a religion and a sect, but it seems
very few people know this. A religion usually comes about ( at least the
more recent ones any way ) from a prophet or seer, speaking such fundamental
truths and more importantly, being living proof of those truths, that people
are drawn to him/her, wishing to emulate and follow said person. This is as
true for a Buddhist or Taoist, as it is for a Muslim or Christian. Most
often this person doesn't set up the religion, but is more of a figure head
in that regard. The religion is built by the followers, and people being
people, they don't always get it quite right. Sects come about when there is
disagreement on the interpretation of the prophet/seer's teachings within a
religion, Lutheranism being one example of this occurrence. So to be a
Christian means you believe in ( including the statement he's the son of
God ) and follow Christ, and nothing more. To be a Catholic, Lutheran, or
what have you, means you belong to that sect, and follow their
interpretations and teachings. And a quick check of religious history shows
up numerous blaring inconsistencies, and blatant mistreatments of their
fellow man, by many sects over the years, not the religion, but the sects.
And this is one reason ( IMHO ) why many people dismiss religion, with out
the understanding that religion is more a personal belief system, while
sects and the church are more of a social one. As to whether there is a God
or not, I'll go into that further on.
    Another problem is the apparent chasm separating Theology and Science.
Most people ( IMHO ) see this as being a intellectual one, when in fact it's
roots, for the most part, are political in nature. There has always been
three major systems ( though they are intertwined as well ) in any persons
life, one: social/governing, two: economic/industrial, and three:
intellectual/belief. For the most part, up to the end of the dark ages,
religion and science were both part of the churches domain, and in fact many
of the great thinkers of the earlier times were sponsored by a religious
leader(s) and/or a church. But at the dawn of the Renaissance this began to
go through a slow but major change. The scientific community had began to
rely more and more on the SM, and became less controllable by the churches.
So church leaders began to exclaim that science, and the SM was unGodly, and
shouldn't be given any credence. As much because of loss of political
control over scientists and any influence scientists might have on the
peoples, as to any inconsistencies when compared to the bible. Of course in
a defensive move, over time, some of the scientific community started
exclaiming that the existence of God could not be proven with the SM, so God
could not exist, and therefore religion was an archaic and illogical belief
system. This all came to head, it seems, in the famous "monkey trial"
between Darwinism and Creationism.
    The one problem with stating that something "can't be proved" by the SM,
is the nature of how the SM works. In a nutshell proving anything
scientifically requires a experiment, where you observe and record. But if
any understanding of how a system works is even a little flawed or
incomplete, then a experiment will reflect it. So a experiment where you
receive a negative result may not be due to something being "disproved" but
to it being flawed due to incomplete knowledge. For this reason no one can
"prove" God doesn't exist simply because they can't "prove" he does. They
simply prove that the experiments conditions were not met, for what ever
reasons that may be. With the SM "proof" is much more consistent and
believable ( but not always so ) because of the steps needed to "prove"
anything using the SM.
    In fact with this in mind, a little know fact ( IMHO ) has to do with
Darwin. He was in fact a very religious man, and spent many years trying to
reconcile what he had observed with his beliefs. That's why he is seen as a
young man on the Beagle, but an old man when the Creationism/Evolution
debate was raging. He had spent those years trying to structure his theory
in such a manner that it could co-exist with the biblical text. And he
failed, the SM kept proving his theory was right. So instead of abandoning
his beliefs, he restructured them so that God and Evolution could co-exist.
It's a sad fact that this man is used as a rallying cry for both sides, and
they unlike him, can't seem to make peace with these two, deceptively
opposite appearing, schools of thought.
    Now how did "I" reconcile all these inconsistencies? Through much soul
searching and contemplation, I slowly crept up on an answer. And then one
very simple appearing concept brought every thing into focus. I guess you
can say, I follow along with Rene' Descartes' thought, the famous "I think,
therefore I am" statement. There is much more involved within that statement
then most people realize. In essence it proves one thing and one thing only,
the existence of the entity saying it! With that statement not even a
physical body can be proven to exist. And in fact, it can be very easily
proved that or "mind" is the creator and controller of all our senses. We
are it seems, tricked into thinking that these sensations reside outside of
our minds. Ask any one who has lost a limb, about "ghost limbs" and you'll
see my point.
    When taking this though to it's logical conclusion, you see that the
existence of everything is brought into question. But there is a flip side,
if everything and anything "MAY NOT" exist, then everything and anything
"MAY" exist. And it is merely a matter of perspective and "faith" on what we
choose to believe in. How many are quick to point out something like "Are
you saying that this chair I'm sitting on, doesn't exist and isn't solid?
Then why can I sit on it?" for example. Which is not what is being stated,
but that there is really no way to "PROVE" anything exists. Say the question
of how solid the chair is, a engineer will say it's a solid chair. But a
nuclear theorist will in fact state, that the chair is mostly space, and the
small amount of matter there is, is held together with very strong energy
bonds, giving the illusion of solidity. And both would be right!
    But no matter what methods were used to "prove" that the chair existed,
they would be based, some where down the line, on an assumption. Even if
that assumption was the very basic one, of how we think our universe works.
We have no way of truly knowing whether that assumption was right or not. We
simply take it on "faith" that it is, and more often then not we're right
 but not always ).
    So the big question, does God exist? Like everything else the belief in
a "higher power" is a matter of "faith", and can neither be "proved" or
"disproved". Though there has been much archaeological "proof" that seems to
support some of the biblical text, even this does nothing in the way of
"proving" anything, as I have already tried to illustrate. But it does help
to justify placing "faith" in the concept of a "higher power". In the long
run it all boils down to each person's need's, desires, and beliefs, and
nothing more.
    It's like the old East Indian ( I think that's who it was ), saying goes
" A fool feels he is wise, due to every thing he knows. Where as a wise man
knows he is a fool, due to how much there is yet to know." Our western
culture seems to suggest that we are wise, due every thing we know, and so
we tend to dismiss things quickly. But are we maybe fooling ourselves
because we forget, just how much there is yet to know? Myself, I believe
there is a "TRUTH" one so wonderful and all encompassing, that religious and
non-religious alike will be astounded when it's revealed. Hey I could be
wrong too though, but some body out there just try and "prove" it. <grin>
Later all, sorry about the length and all.    :o)







