Message-ID: <398616A1.C84F7A45@misleading.com>
Subject: Re: Enchanter not sure how to effectively use Charm/Mez
Date: Mon, 31 Jul 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Morgan <morgana@misleading.com>
References: <8ls5ai$h5s$1@nnrp1.deja.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 653013646
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: abuse@pacbell.net
X-Trace: news.pacbell.net 965088800 216.103.192.163 (Mon, 31 Jul 2000 17:13:20 PDT)
Organization: UC Berkeley
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 31 Jul 2000 17:13:20 PDT
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:11036 rec.games.computer.everquest:9199

SwiftArrow wrote:
> 
> I am in a bit of a snit, I think, because while I understand from some
> posts that Mez and charm are the most powerful spells that an enchanter
> has, charm has not worked all that well up to this point for my lvl 13
> enchanter mostly because it breaks way too soon for it to be really
> effective.
>
> So I gotta ask what I am doing wrong. Unfortunately I have not been able
> to use it in a group setting so far, mostly because so far the other
> group members recently have been too gung ho to just go and kill before
> I even have a chance to cast mez on a mob. Wanting to practice this
> skill, I have, after practicing on greens, practiced on blues only to
> watch with some dismay as charm broke as I got trained by 3-4 mobs,
> leading to at least two unnecessary corpse runs.
> 
> Generally, I will mez, tashan, and charm a blue, and send that mob off
> to attack another blue at a distance (tried that with aqua goblins on
> OOT last night on the small islands). What happened is that the goblins
> were out of range and I could not throw spells on the non-pet. Charm
> broke, all three agroed on me, but before I could re-charm my pet, they
> were all in the water and were on me before I could gate. Stunning the
> three of them with color flux did not help either as it just simply did
> not give me enough time to escape. Result: corpse run from Kaladim.
> 
> Second instance: bandit camp in Butcherblock - after shouting to try and
> get a group to camp the bandits for about 10 minutes without any
> success, I decided to summon a lvl 12 pet, mezzing, and then drawing
> the front mob. I never got a chance to do the latter. I got up on the
> ridge overlooking the camp to the south. You know how they are arrayed -
> three of the bandits are visible by the tent, and one is down the hill
> in back of them just out of sight. I mezzed the back one of the three,
> aggroing the female bandit in the front on me. about two seconds later
> the second (middle) bandit aggroed on me (should I have mezzed him while
> the front female bandit rushed toward me?). That or the back bandit over
> the hill who was aggroed on me broke the charm of the third, and my pet
> and I were swarmed by four bandits conning blue to me. Needless to say
> neither my pet nor I survived long enough for me to back out letting my
> pet make the ultimate sacrifice, so that I could gate. Result: corpse
> run. I settled on camping the chessboard which proved to be much more
> rewarding, mostly because there were one or two other poeple to group
> with. However, again, I did not really have to opportunity to see how I
> could effectively use charm.
> 
> What in the world am I doing wrong? Is is simply that using charm
> should only be done with a group or is there something fundamentally
> flawed with the tactics I am using? I want and need to practice useage
> of these spells and tactics so that I can be useful to a group, but so
> far I have had nothing but frustration.

Classic mez strategy:  

  Name one fighter to designate targets.  (I'll call him Thor.)
  All other damage dealers make a hot key for /assist Thor.

  Thor hails the target and attacks.
  All others use their hot key and dive in with swords and spells.
  You, the enchanter, cast Mesmerize (or equivalent) on all other monsters.
  If you get a resist, Tashan and try again.  
  Use Color Flux (or equivalent) to buy time if you get interrupted.

In a new young group, this may be all you can manage.  If you can get
everyone assisting the main tank and not waking up your sleepers, then
consider it a job well done.  You will probably have to keep giving 
people this lesson up to around level 30.  After that, you will only
face the occasional former soloer who is ignorant of your abilities,
and they will normally be put in place by the rest of the group.  After 
everyone has grasped the basic idea, there are a few other things that 
can help a lot, especially as you get to higher levels:

- Have the fighters Taunt every mezzed creature before they hit it.
  This will prevent creatures from charging you when they wake up.

- Cast Tashan, slow spell, and Memory Blur on a mezzed mob before
  it is woken up.  Then the creature is all primed for combat and 
  won't get mad at you when you are trying to debuff it.

- Have a shaman cast the slow spells.  They have better armor to take
  a beating than you do.  Actually most shamans will get mad if you 
  cast slow because theirs are better but yours overwrite them.

- If the creatures are hitting too hard and resisting your mezzes,
  have someone run block for you.  Paladins are great for this.  
  They can Taunt, Root and Stun.  All of these keep the monster from
  hitting you and won't wake it up in the case that your mez does work.

- Get healed.  Some players are nervous about healing a character who
  is getting beaten on, but it is good in this situation precisely
  because it is a great taunt.  The monster will focus its wrath on
  the healer, giving you time to mez it.

- When you are facing four or more creatures, use Mesmerization
  instead of Mesmerize.  Unfortunately, you can't overwrite any mez
  spell with any other, so once you start with Mesmerization it is 
  difficult to scale down to individual mezzes.


Group charming:

As for charms, I don't use them often.  In a group situation, they
can speed up fights against creatures that are several levels below 
you because most monsters have terrific damage output.  Generally,
I group with people who can kill the monsters just fine without help
from charmed pets.

- Don't bother charming anything that is high blue or above because
  they will go wild and beat you up before serving any useful
  purpose.

- Keep Memory Blur memorized whenever you have a charm memorized.
  Blur any pet gone wild immediately so that it can be taunted off
  of you.

- Do not use charm in a really tough big fight because it takes too
  much attention away from your primary role as a crowd controller.
  Losing the enchanter in the middle of a big battle can turn a
  dicey situation into a complete rout.


Solo charming:

Enchanters do so well in a group that I find it sad to contemplate
soloing, but you can if you must.

  Find a creature alone.
  Cast Mesmerize.
  Cast Tashan.
  Cast Charm.
  Wait for Mesmerize to wear off.
  Now you have a pet that might last a while.

  Send it in to attack another creature quickly.
  Let your pet hit the other creature for a few rounds.
  Get just within spell range and debuff or blast the other creature
    to ensure that your pet wins.
  Type F1 F1 to target your pet.
  If you get the pet gone wild message, recast charm immediately.
  Wait for the other creature to die.
  Type "/pet guard here" and walk a distance away.
  If you are at low mana and low health, zone out, otherwise ...
  Either dispel or wait for the charm to wear off.
  Blast your former pet to death quickly.

I would not use charm to solo at that level.  With your pet and your
buffs, you should be able to kill just about any blue con creature
with far less risk than by charming.  Just cast pets until you get a
good one, buff yourself and your pet fully, med to full, and go kill
something.  Wisps in West Commonlands are a good choice because you
can get Greater Lightstones to fund your new spells.  Buy a Runed 
Totem Staff for about 12pp so that you can hit them.

-- 
Morgan
Xymarra, High Elf Enchanter

(crossposting all posts to rec.games.computer.everquest)


