Message-ID: <8jr33v$1400l$53@ID-39494.news.cis.dfn.de>
Subject: Good Friends, Good Music, Good Chat - and Terrabytes of MP3s!
Date: Mon, 03 Jul 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: #MP3_...@IRC.Action-IRC.net
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 642011164
X-Trace: fu-berlin.de 962662336 1179669 166.62.188.194 (16 [39494])
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,alt.games.final-fantasy,alt.games.final-fantasy.rpg,alt.games.firaxis.alpha-centauri
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:10527 alt.games.final-fantasy:162885 alt.games.final-fantasy.rpg:99929 alt.games.firaxis.alpha-centauri:17792



There are lots of IRC channels where you can
chat about music, but there are no files to 
download.  And there are quite a few where 
you can download files but no one has time 
to chat.  Would you like to find a small, 
cozy, IRC channel, where you can download 
the newest (and the oldest) music on the net, 
and also find good converstaion and good 
friends?  Then try #MP3_Depot at 
irc.action-irc.net. 

We are a small channel 
with the largest database on the net!

We have every new popular group you can think 
of.  Need some Metallica? Napster account 
cancelled?  Then come to us!  We got it!  
New Deftones, Eminem, Staind, Tool, Backstreet 
Boys, Britney Spears, Whitney Houston and 
m0re! Thousands of videos.  Want rock? We are 
Classic Rock heaven!  Rare boots, as well as 
current groups, we have it all. If you have 
trouble finding Jazz, Blues, Bluegrass, country,
Ragtime or even Barbershop, look no further!  
We have over 5000 of these hard to find albums! 

Looking for Celtic Mouth Music?  No? Well, how 
about  Hilary Hahn, BEETHOVEN Violin Concerto 
BERNSTEIN Serenade - Aristophanes?  Or a rare
Jimmi Hendrix boot?  Frank Zappa Compositions 
by the Kronos Quartet? All of the works of Robert 
Johnson or Howlin' Wolf? Carter Family, anyone? 
Or the Library of Congress collection of great 
American folk?  Or Hank Williams demos? That 
oldie from your Senior Prom - or the newbie, 
as the case may be... we have it all. Did you 
know that the Poni-Tails did a female barbarshop 
album? Yeah, we got that.

If you have ever looked for classical MP3's you 
know that they are not easy to find.  However, 
we have an extensive classical  library at 
MP3_Depot.  An important part of the  collection 
is the classical guitar section, with extensive 
Segovia works, among others. We have all the old 
masters as well as modern composers such as 
Phillip Glass.

The majority of our servers are high speed, from
ASDL to T-3.

If you have never used IRC before, IRC is really 
easy to use.  This will directly download MIRC, 
the program you need:
 
  http://cosmos.lod.com/~blufire/mirc571t.exe
 
Install it, then add these servers:
 

Omen.action-irc.net (Preferred Server)
psycho.action-irc.net

Connect to one of these servers.  A window will 
pop up with lots of channels.  Select them all 
and delete them.  
 
Then add this channel
 
    #MP3_Depot

You need the #.  Join that channel.  If you 
can't figure out how to add a channel, once 
you have logged into a server and get the 
welcome message, close the menu box and at 
the bottom of the page just type this:
 
/join #MP3_Depot
 
No space or other character before the /
 
That will bring you to our channel  From there 
just ask any question you have and someone will 
answer it.
 

We will be looking for you!


pvxqeictkgsvn


