Message-ID: <38C8127E.DAE76C20@escape.ca>
Subject: Re: New Zones (maybe some of this stuff will be on Kunark?)
Date: Thu, 09 Mar 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Canticle <canticle@escape.ca>
References: <scdqe0ogbi759@corp.supernews.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 595321019
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
X-Complaints-To: admin@mts.net
X-Trace: news1.mts.net 952635836 209.202.46.27 (Thu, 09 Mar 2000 15:03:56 CST)
Organization: MTS Internet
MIME-Version: 1.0
NNTP-Posting-Date: Thu, 09 Mar 2000 15:03:56 CST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:6514 rec.games.computer.everquest:3323



Flashback2012 wrote:

> I wouldn't mind seeing more zones added to the main continents. Paineel is a
> nice idea and I know they are planning on adding the Hole soon. Odus is
> SOOOO underused, I know it's supposed to be reclusive and all but it should
> have more to it than what it does.

I'd like to see them add The Barren Coast as a zone. I picture it as a
kind of rocky desert filled with dead trees. If they want to get
ambitious, they could add The Vasty Deep (lake zone ala Dagnor's
Cauldron and Lake Rathe) and link it from the south to The Barren Coast
and from the west to Toxxulia. Perhaps swimming up the river that splits
Toxxulia would get you there.

The also have two potential 'ocean zones' ala Erud's Crossing in the
Gulf of Urun and the Abysmal Sea. 

> Would be nice to see another zone or two
> on Faydwer. One zone I would love to see would be the Unkempt Woods. 

This is one I've been wanting to see since I did some of the Quests
involving the Unkempt Druids in Surefall Glade. When I first discovered
the cave system behind the Waterfall in Surefall, I was positive it lead
to the Unkempt Woods. It would be nice if they added it so that it did.

> Attach
> it to the cave behind the Ranger guild in Surefall Glade and then have an
> entrance you can get to from West Karana or something. The zone would be of
> moderate difficulty where most high teens and 20's can go to hunt. 

This would be nice, since most of the areas around Qeynos are geared
towards people in their High teens, maximum. Maybe something along the
lines of Unrest in difficulty.

I picture the Unkempt Woods having warped Treants as their uber mob.
Twisted, dead looking trees that hate all things not of the Unkempt
Woods. If you've ever read Lord of the Rings,  I see the Old Forest as a
good model of the Unkempt Woods. 

> Then have
> a zone that leads off from the Unkempt Woods to like the Unkempt Keep or
> something. Populate it with evil heathen druids (make it like Paw lvl in
> difficulty if not higher and have like the head druid with a pair of griffon
> pets : )

The Hatchland? This could be a Highpass Hold type area, only instead of
a twisty maze of rocky passages, it's a series of ledges leading up into
Everfrost. A few caves at various points lead to the things you
describe. A small cave system, perhaps (ala Surefall Glade) that leads
to the hidden shrine of the Unkempt Druids. A valley below which
contains a small village of wild men, following the beliefs of the
Unkempt Druids.

> Another nice zone would be to link RunnyEye to Highkeep. You'd have a zone
> that was like a series of caves on top you'd have the goblin infestation
> from RunnyEye (thus giving a reason why there are gobs in HK in the first
> place but much lower in the zone you could have dark dwarves (kinda like
> what the Dark Elves are to the Wood Elves) and some other baddies.

This would be REALLY nice. An entrance at the bottom of both Runnyeye,
and in the mine system beneath Highpass Hold would work really well.
Since both Runny eye and the Goblins in Highpass are equivalent levels,
even higher level folks could break through into the lower tunnel
system. This could be an 'Underdark' style region, with glowing fungus,
immense (and DIFFERENT loooking) beetles and worms, and similar such
things. Like Neriak without the Dark Elves =).
 
> How about a high 20's to low 40's zone near Nek Forest, a medieval castle
> that is a haven for undead and the main baddie in the zone is a vampire
> lord? Yard trash consists of zombies, skeles and ghouls but you can have
> real nasties in the actual castle (kind of a take off of the classic
> Universal monsters movies...have a greater werewolf, an oversized zombie
> like monster with a bit of a palette swap that could be your Frankenstein
> ish monster, and vampire "royalty" (for lack of a better term) ranging from
> nobles to arch dukes or something. Then again I've never been to Unrest so
> it's probably set up alot like this (minus the vamps, werewolves, etc).

Mistmoore could simply be tuned to this as it already fits the bill
otherwise.

Instead of that, make Lake Neriuss a new underwater zone tuned to Low
40's. Maybe a sunken city exists there, populated by undead, waterlogged
Dark Elves. Or perhaps it's a hidden refuge of the Kedge (probably
wouldn't fit with the EQ history though). Maybe a race of Crab Men or
something occupying a series of volcanic vents underwater. Lots of
things to make it a little different than Dagnor's or Rathe.
 
> Lastly, how bout a pyramid like crypt that branches off of South Ro? Have a
> Named mummy and named Scarab Beetle or something. I dunno..getting hung on
> the whole undead zones all of a sudden. Hee hee.

Just a Pyramid (an ACTUAL one) would be a neat addition. Although I
think Befallen fits the bill nicely.

They need to add the Rujarkian Hills. Maybe the remnants of the
civilization that used to occupy Ro are there, more ruined towns amid
the hills, that sort of thing.
 
Jeff-boy


