Message-ID: <3864cd0a.2905073@news.iinet.net.au>
Subject: Re: Fantasy Literature
Date: Sat, 25 Dec 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: kestril@echidna.id.au (Mike McGarvie)
References: <3863a91f$0$22076@news.execpc.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-alt.games.everquest.misc.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 564781526
X-Trace: news.iinet.net.au 946131323 19292 pesqhg@203.59.85.11
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,alt.games.everquest.misc
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:3251 alt.games.everquest.misc:93

On Fri, 24 Dec 1999 11:14:24 -0600, ron zaffrann <zaff@execpc.com>
wrote:

>Hey there - I know this isn't technically an EQ topic, but I'm
>interested in getting some Fantasy Fiction books and I have no idea
>where to start.  There's a ton of authors and titles out there and I
>don't want to go buy something that I'll end up thinking is boring.
>
>Does anyone know the genre well?  Who are the best authors?  Which books
>really capture the spirit of fantasy, or of EQ, best?

The problem with fantasy literature is that most of it is a bad
retelling of the Hobbit and Lord of the Rings, same races, same faces
- just different names. Of course, I think EQ is a prime example of
this.

After all - its got all the bog standard fantasy races - and yet it
has two very interesting races as NPCs that I would dearly love to
play. Kerrans, and Frogloks. Tell me you wouldnt like to play a
Froglok Paladin...

Anyway - thats a sidetrack for another series of posts.

My favourite authors:
Robert Jordan - 'Wheel of Time' series - the first book is awful.
Cliche, drawn out, laughable characters and so on - but, the glimmers
are there - and the second book is pure brilliance. By the third book,
the world starts coming to life - and you start wondering what
happened to all these minor characters referenced throughout the
series - Artur Hawking, Jain Farstrider, and so on - Jordan really
does have an amazing flair for describing different cultures, and
bringing his world to life. Unfortunately, the books - which now
number eight - have started covering DAYS rather than MONTHS of story
time. So we might be here for a long time. As long as the writing is
as good as it is, however, I dont really mind.

Katherine Kerr -'Deverry' series - this series is less standard
fantasy than it is Celtic tale. Like Jordan, Kerr can and does bring
her Celtic based world to life, creating characters that you really
dont want to die - which is a pity, because as she spans her story
over several hundred years - they are bound to die. The series is up
to nine, maybe 10 books now - and the latter ones have started to
bring in more recognisable fantasy bits - a dragon, elves, dwarves...
the latter two series (the first is four, the second three, and the
third is currently two) arent as good as the first - so perhaps you
should just pick up that.

Michael Moorcock - the Eternal Champion - if you dont know who Elric
is, you are no true fan of fantasy (I should mention I hate that word
because it is so identified with TSR kinda books). Basically, there is
a multiverse of realites, and in each reality there is an incarnation
of the Eternal Champion. He can never rest, he must always fight -
those he loves will die, or will turn against him - this is the
archetype of the doomladen hero, and its damn good writing too! My
personal favourite incarnation is Ulrich Von Bek, set in the late
middle ages, Von Bek is a soldier who has experienced every kind of
depravity, every kind of sin. He stumbles across a castle one day,
whereupon he meets a being purporting to be Lucifer. Lucifer, it
appears is tired of his existence in Hell. He wants to return to
Heaven, to make peace with God, and become an Angel again. In short,
the Prince of Darkness wants Forgiveness. He believes that by finding
the Holy Grail, God will forgive him. And so he sends Von Bek out fo
find it for him. Why should Von Bek do this? His actions have already
earned him a spot in hell. By finding the Grail, he earns his souls
freedom. And thats only the beginning... what happens when the minor
lords of Hell decide that they have it quite nice, thank you very much
- and lead a rebellion against Lucifer?

Apologies for gushing - but when you read this book, you see that
fantasy can be so much more than bloody monsters, and sodding orcs who
are always EVIL for no reason, and brave heroes who fight evil for the
sake of fighting it.

Guy Gavriel Kay - Ive only read four of his books - the Fionavar
Tapestry - which is a trilogy, and 'The Lions of Al'Rassan' - which
should be made required reading. Im not ashamed to admit that I
actually cried at the end of Lions. It is THAT good.

Beyond that, I havent read much fantasy that Ive considered much chop
when compared to the above two, and J.R.R. David Eddings for example,
who some people love - I read the Sparhawk series - two of them - and
they were the msot mind-numbingly dull books I had ever read. Dull
characters, dull plots... dull, dull, dull - so awful I couldnt bring
myself to read the Belgeriad - so it may be good, But Im not going to
find out.

David Gemmel is apparently a classic - but after having one friend
describe 'Druss the Legend' to me - I fear to ever read it, as it
sounds like Rambo 3 done in fantasy (one man takes on army, wins)

Oh, and while she may not be inflicted upon you - she may be a
uniquely Australian phenomenon - stay away from Sara Douglass -
hideous, banal, and awful. *shudder* The worst cliches you can
imagine. Be warned!

Mike


