Message-ID: <%gUv4.17553$t7.997010@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com>
Subject: New Servers - Appeal to Verant
Date: Fri, 03 Mar 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Falsadoom" <falsadoom@home.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 592789154
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6600
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc2.tx.home.com 952111291 24.11.185.216 (Fri, 03 Mar 2000 11:21:31 PST)
Organization: @Home Network
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: Fri, 03 Mar 2000 11:21:31 PST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:6230 rec.games.computer.everquest:3005

   One of the reasons I think Verant is so reluctant to put up new servers
is becuase they are afraid the floor is going to fall out from under them at
some point, leaving them with alot of servers up and an ever decreasing
population. There is wisdom to this fear but their current neglect may in
fact cause this to happen instead of natural occurences and market
conditions. They have chosen to "sardine pack" their servers after claiming
in the earliest faqs that servers would be around 1000 players, which got
changed to 1000-1500 and is now around 2000 with many servers, some well
over 2000 during prime time (I have the faqs, don't bother argueing). They
have also chosen the path of maxing out their servers then trying to relieve
where the overpopulation occurs by offering to move sections to a new
server. That's good. However this post is not to flame, tear down, or
agrivate the situation, merely to point out why it's logical to continue
adding servers.

   Put up new servers even if you are afraid. Combining servers at a later
point is certainly alot easier than the method of moving people they way you
are now. Failing to do this only compounds the problems where other servers
will eventually need attention and moves as well. Failing to provide new
hunting grounds is self imposed attrition. Failing to offer new, green
pastures compounds ALL of your complaints. It's a fact that people complain
more when forced to live together in uncomfortable environs and they chose
to complain about ANYTHING that irritates them even moreso. Many complaints
that would fall to the wayside would be relieved by more servers. To support
what Brad said in his long diagram of burn out with MMORPG, people tend to
forget about things that bother them when they are having fun. This is TRUE.
People will forget about many things if they can have fun enough gamescape
to play the game!

   I am trying not to condemn Verant, trying hard to be direct in a
diplomatic way, and point out how failing to provide an abundance of servers
is constricting the success of EQ. It's easier for me and otehrs who are
players to see this from our perspective as players. We KNOW how we feel,
how the players we talk to feel, how our friends feel, and how we imagine
every other player who is cramped feels. Be smart, do the best thing for
yourself and your players. Sew further success with new farmland, do not
turn your soil barren with overplanting and fear.

   Bitterness is breeded by not being able to play in acceptable conditions.
I know, I have 3 accounts, a couple of high level characters and many mid to
low levels I would play still if I could comfortably play the game without
it being elbows to rump holes. Yes I am still paying for those accounts and
NOT playing. But that is going to change as is I imagine alot of tolerance
from other players as well. Do the math, 20ish servers with 2000 people on
them at prime time leads to about 40,000 online at primetime. Consider the
200,000 paying subscribers and you see where this is going. I believe we
love the game, failings and bright spots, however you are leaving many of us
with no other choice than to end the fun by our own cancellation. Something
brought on not by our being burned out, but by your lack of care to
facilitate our acceptable playing conditions. This is what brings the
bitterness directed at your company. Yes there are many other issues but
this really multiplies any given complaint to a power of ten out of
frustration.

   Do the right thing not only becuase it's best for your customers, but
becuase it's in your best interests. You will never set any higher records,
sales, or sustained subscribers if you do not make ample room for growth.
You started this venture spending alot of money, time, blood, sweat, and
tears to make it happen, don't choke yourself out of the fruits of that
labor. Us old players still want to playa nd many of us tolerate it, but we
don't like it. Many of us have already left, ones that would have happily
stayed had conditions been different. You know I pseka the truth, I am
trying to be very reasonable. Don't let anyone sway you from being true to
your customer and yourselves, you can continue to make better things happen
but you have to continue what made you successful to begin with.

Falsa





