Message-ID: <8EFE890CDroadkillaromacom@207.126.101.100>
Subject: Re: The Lower Guk experience
Date: Tue, 21 Mar 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: roadkill@aroma.com.REMOVEME (Roadkill)
References: <hGOFKFA1V314Ewkj@armoury1.demon.co.uk> <01bf934f$12bf7560$cd0201c0@dell40>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 600515960
Organization: Dann Glenn Johnson Corp.
User-Agent: Xnews/Y2K-SE
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:7040 rec.games.computer.everquest:3978

>I think you are missing the point about Play Nice and why it has been
>implemented.  Its not a solution to over-crowding (there really isn't
>much), it's a solution to *camping*.  Verant has a problem - people camp
>spawns. They've tried Lore Items, upping difficulties, introducing
>Placeholders, and eventually they simply nerfed spawns so drops that
>happened every 3 to 4 hours (FBSS) became every 3 to 4 days!
>
>AND STILL THEY CAMPED!
>
>Now, players, like you, can and probably will institute "agreements" to
>avoid this.  But it only takes one person/group to end that and the GMs
>will back that person/group 100%.  You and the rest of you campers out
>there have lost.  Spending ridiculous amounts of time on a spawn is no
>longer going to be rewarded.

I agree that it would be WAY better if we were suppose to fight our way 
into the dungeon, breaking it, then killing SoandSo and get the item we 
were questing after.  The problem is that we can't, because if we do that 
someone else will just go in and camp it before we can do this and there 
will be nothing for us to break into.  No reward at the end because someone 
else is there sitting on it.  The only way to defeat them was to camp 
first, ourselves, to make sure we had it.

Now, what I would LOVE to see happen, and this would both destroy camping 
AND make dungeons a dangerous in-need-of-breaking place again, would be to 
have NOTHING spawn if you're within so many feet of the spawn location.  
You clear out the dungeon, and the big guy (and perhaps some of his nearest 
hentchmen) will not spawn back until the area is cleared.

This will of course pop up issues where a GM has to be /petitioned "SoandSo 
is just sitting in the WhatEver room so that WhatEver won't spawn!!".  But 
at least dungeons and special mobs would not be camped anymore, because 
frankly, they couldn't be.

Randomize some of their positions while they're at it also.  Shin Lord 
could appear anywhere in one of those nearbye rooms near where his current 
spawn is located.  Plus the fact that he won't spawn again until after 
everyone has cleared out of the area.  And, of course, he drops said item 
EVERY TIME.

People would then be required to adventure into a dungeon, and take the 
place to get their reward.  Then they'd be on their way once they got it.

This won't stop exp camping though in dungeons.  Because if we were to have 
ALL of the spawns follow this, then an area that once supported 4 or 5 
groups exp camping would now only support 1 group that is fighting their 
way through.  So even though completely defeating campers might be nice, 
it'll only create a massive overcrowding issue of where to hunt with my 
suggestion.  That's why only the big guy at the end should be the one that 
doesn't spawn if he's got people nearbye waiting for him.


