Message-ID: <8351A4794E294324.BECA6F3B6CA14306.C7E298CAAF50B93C@lp.airnews.net>
Subject: What's the hurry?
Date: Thu, 16 Mar 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "George Harvey" <gharvey@fastlane.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 598560597
X-Orig-Message-ID: <8as1u8$keu@library1.airnews.net>
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6600
NNTP-Posting-Time: Thu Mar 16 19:31:52 2000
Organization: Fastlane Communications (using Airnews.net!)
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Proxy-Relay: 204.181.96.50
Abuse-Reports-To: abuse at fastlane.net to report improper postings
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:6865 rec.games.computer.everquest:3723

I've been watching these newsgroups for a couple of weeks now (since I
purchased the game - I admit it, I'm a newbie), and I find myself seeing a
recurring theme across many of the posts. It seems like everybody is in such
a big hurry to level up and get better equipment that they don't always stop
to check to see if they're enjoying the game. I understand that the EQ does
an extremely good job of tapping into peoples basic instincts for this type
of thing, and that people develop a large emotional investment in their
online personna's, but why does it turn into such a race? Who are we trying
to impress, or racing against?

Granted, I haven't been playing EQ for long, but as a comparison I remember
my evolution with Diablo (I know, nowhere near the same complexity). First
was single player, and then cooperative play with my girlfriend. Then online
play on BattleNet and Kali. But eventually I just ended up soloing my 40+
level mage on Hell/Hell just wating for that sound of a ring dropping to see
if it improved over the ones I had. I would do the Hell/Hell levels by
myself 2-4 times a night, sometimes without improving one item or making
even a significant dent on a new level. And then I realized I didn't enjoy
the game at all anymore.

I recall a group of people making up something called the "beyond naked
mages" for Diablo. Their rules including things things that deliberately
made the game harder, like being REQUIRED to keep and wear any cursed item
they found. In fact, the worse the item was, the more they treasured them!
Although I didn't try it, these guys sounded like they had a lot of fun.

Think how many more opportunities EverQuest offers for this sort of thing...
How about the Drunken Wizard Melee Guild? Requirements - 10 quarts of elf
wine and a club. Sure, you wouldn't have a chance against an experience
giving MOB, but it would still be entertaining. :) Maybe just do it as a
ritual every so often. I guess my point is that if your having trouble
finding a challenge due to crowding, pick some difficult, goofy objective
that isn't overcrowed, find some friends and give it a try. And then brag to
anyone you can find that you did it and try to suck them in. ;)

And all you people with bored 50th level characters siting on near infinite
resources with nothing to kill - why don't YOU make up some quests for the
lower levels, and reward them if they bring the stuff to you. Just take a
night off from you excruciating camping/sharing scenarios and have some fun
with the new players, in a constructive way?

Just some random musings. I'll go back to lurking now.

gh





