Message-ID: <nsks4.3312$gE6.285506@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com>
Subject: Re: Current sound cards for gaming and my findings
Date: Tue, 22 Feb 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Falsadoom" <falsadoom@home.com>
References: <%HXq4.27982$Nv1.2757599@news1.rdc2.tx.home.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 588171790
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.00.2919.6600
X-Complaints-To: abuse@home.net
X-Trace: news1.rdc2.tx.home.com 951178131 24.11.185.216 (Mon, 21 Feb 2000 16:08:51 PST)
Organization: @Home Network
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
NNTP-Posting-Date: Mon, 21 Feb 2000 16:08:51 PST
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.action,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.adventure,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg,comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic,rec.games.computer.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:5584 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.action:109140 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.adventure:31846 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.rpg:50758 comp.sys.ibm.pc.games.strategic:96864 rec.games.computer.everquest:2277

Spent today cleaning out my registry and hard drive of any leftovers from
the mx400 drivers. I went to Aureal's website and downloaded the new 2048
drivers with EAX support and installed the Aureal 2500 Vortex 2 card with
the new drivers, then proceeded to play several games. What is added with
the new drivers is a fancy but simple control addition, under the a3d
settings tab, in the aureal control panel which allow the EAX support. It
allows you to turn on and off eax support, adjust the volume of the reverb,
disable geometric reverb, and a few other things. Here's what happened:

General card performance - The card has more "pops" between wave file plays
or changes than the mx300 (pristine playback). Not sure if this is due to
the driver (probable) or the different card. None the less it was minimal to
nonexistent for the most part, something I can tolerate (which is saying
alot).

Everquest - I entered the game in Halas, tried several tweaks and could not
tell any difference other than the sound effects from spell casting and such
sounded more like the muffled style of the SB Live and the Sensaura.
SOmething different was happening but it certainly wasn't EAX. This truly
bothered me. I was already feeling let down by these new drivers but I was
going to test all the other games I play first. I decided to move on and
maybe that this was an Everquest only issue.

Unreal Tournament - I loaded this game up and WOW! It seems Aureal was in
fact shooting for the stars with dynamic application of the eax effects
coupled with thier dynamic sound generation. The opening scene gliding
through the city was very nice. Excepts, the evironment effects were way too
pronounced (I had cranked them to max for EQ and forgot to change them
back). After playing and tweaking for a few minutes, I came up with a very
nice mix of reverb volume and sound volume. It was very much like Sesnaura's
card, but the effects were much more refined in playback quality and effect,
proportionally in tune, and totally gave a new feel to Unreal while still
having the best 3d sound effects. Now I was excited again and chose to keep
exploring some other games.

Quake 3 - Equally as impressive! The blend of evironment effects, with great
3d sound was very pleasing. I was starting to feel pretty happy I spent the
time and money exploring sound cards. I will without a doubt be spending
alot of time playing UT and Q3 again.

HOMM3 - No change, one of my fav games, nothing gained, nothing lost. Still
sounds as good.

Drakan - Excellent as well but less pronounced impact via eax. Anyone with a
Sensaura card who has listened to the opening scene on Drakan knows how
impressive that dragon swooping down and crashing through the Drakan logo
is. Aureal did not impress me as much in this game but it was still a step
up than without eax. Aureal needs to really focus on the over and under
dynamics of it's technology. The Aureal 2500 was flawless and sounded very
good none the less, where even though Sensaura's technology had alot better
sound effects in this particular game, it had severe playback flaws such as
stuttering whenever cd music was on (constant stream of static), and wav
files were often distorted, the abundant popping between wave starts and
stops was also a bad thing.

   I will go on to play other games but have pretty much used these games as
tests as they all handle and support sound diferently. Overall I think the
best sound choice for right now, in this moment in time is the Aureal 2500
V2 with the 2048 drivers.

   I use an ac-3 reciever and speakers to amplify and control my sound. Most
the time I have it set to "hall" setting (takes the center speaker out of
the primary position and turns it into a support speaker via adjusting the
volumes to each speaker and the reverb effect directly from the reciever as
well), not even using the surround function. The effects of the card are
still passed onto reciever. The settings you choose at the card level or
reciever level can certainly alter the quality of this. I reccomend a
reciever that allows you full volume control of each individual speaker so
you can tune it to your satisfaction, and make up for distance variations
etc. I will be moving up to a 5.1 system soon for added sub support and of
course a real nice speaker array. I am using a sony reciever and speakers
now, low cost, decent performance, but it's time to go to a better quality.
Probably going to stick with Sony as a reciever choice. One trick I learned
with my living room surround system was to get outdoor speakers (nice ones)
that match the sound style of your other center/tower speakers. The outdoor
speakers for rear give you a 90 degree spread of sound versus a 45 degree
one. This tends to enhance the rear speaker performance (especially in
larger rooms). I usually go with a center/tower set up of the same brand
that I like then find the outdoor style I prefer that sounds like the
center/tower setup. This may seem bizzare or alien, but it works, and I have
been happy with the results.

   Here are the sound settings I find best when using the reciever/amp for
computers:

*Set windows volumes to 55% across the board on the volume control.
*Set the multimedia to surround sound.
*In the case of Aureal, set the speaker type to Satelite Speakers.
*From then on use your reciever volume control and in game sound controls to
do the other changing from game to game.
*For the new Aureal 2048 drivers, I set the eax to "enabled", the reverb
volume to 25-33%.

Back to enjoying this new Aureal 2500 with EAX support. I am pleasently
pleased, I just hope Aureal refines the performance and works towards
developing more emphasized above and below dynamics in thier sound.

Falsa










