Message-ID: <38C57128.5E62FD6A@ix.netcom.com>
Subject: Re: HELP!!! Master Baker Questions
Date: Tue, 07 Mar 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: Kendrick A Gold <kgold0@ix.netcom.com>
References: <scaaa89jbi730@corp.supernews.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 594418431
Content-Transfer-Encoding: 7bit
X-Accept-Language: en
X-Server-Date: 7 Mar 2000 21:11:47 GMT
Content-Type: text/plain; charset=us-ascii
Organization: MindSpring Enterprises
Mime-Version: 1.0
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.everquest,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.everquest:3121 alt.games.everquest:6337



Mystarian Phathumber wrote:

> Okay, I have gotten to the skill of 135... WOO WOO
>
> Now I have some questions about using pie tins, skewers, pots and other
> baking materials...

> 4) What is a reasonable price to pay for these items?

Not too much, but since it's hard to find a qualified smith or
potter nowadays, I'd expect to pay quite a bit of money
more than they are worth, just to get someone to make it
for you.

> 5) What is a reasonable price to offer for snake eggs?

I've tried the 1-2pp per stack thing, but as many newbies
will tell you, it's quite a big chore to find 20 actual eggs by
killing snakes.  Just like at higher levels, trades are much
more desireable than plain ol' platinum, so if you happen
on a bronze weapon, or a bronze belt or something kinda
cheap, I would auction those for eggs instead of pp, because
once they try to find a stack of eggs, they usually give up
on it (that's how I get rid of beggars now =) ).

> 6) Is there a place to collect eggs in larger amounts? (1 egg on a moss
> snake every 5th or 6th kill is rather slow)

A hint for all tradeskills requiring you to kill things for components:

       Vendors don't show all their inventory.  If you are quite wealthy,
   (I don't recommend you being poor and starting a trade skill) you
   can 'buy out' a vendor until they show you the item that you want.
       The trick here is, say you need spider silks, you need to have one
   spider silk in your inventory.  Buy out a pretty rare item (words or
   pages are often singles on vendors,) once the slot is empty, sell your
   spider silk.  If the spider silk goes into that empty slot, that means
   the vendor does not carry any spider silks, BUT if the spider silk
   disappears, and the slot remains empty, that means the vendor has
   at least one more spider silk in their inventory.  Continue to buy out
   the vendor until the item you desire appears.  Do not sell any of the
   bought out items to the same vendor, until you get what you want
   or you will have accomplished nothing.  Sell to a nearby vendor, or
   a vendor that you have previously bought out.
        Depending on the location, East Karanas is a very good place
   for spider silks, you can find 1 silk or as many as 80 (or more) on a
   single vendor.   So, unless you have money to burn, I would not
   suggest you try this with snake eggs, but hey, I did it, I found it
   was much more productive to buy 80 snake eggs after 1 hour of
   buying out a vendor than to spend my whole day hunting snakes
   and getting nothing.  If you do try to buy out a vendor for snake eggs,
   do it in a zone with a high snake population and do it after the
   server has been up for a long time,  after a server goes down, vendor
   inventories are wiped, so you will probably not get as many egg for
   your effort.

> 7) Is there anywhere to buy brownie parts or a safe place to hunt them?

       Brownie scouts scurry about around the outskirts of Kelethin, they
are
   very small elf-looking type things so you'll need a good tracker.   I
would
   suggest a bard, druid or low level ranger to track these things, as a
high
   level ranger tracks the whole zone, and comes up with garbage usually.
   I've heard they are around level 5, so I assume you would have
absolutely
   no problems with them, they are kinda rare though.  I haven't hunted the

   higher level brownies, so I cannot comment on this.

> Any other suggestions or hints would be greatly appreciated.

    A great way to increase your baking skills without a pie tin and eggs:

            Rat ear pies!  There are two recipes for this but, only one
requires
        eggs.  I did this after tearing out my hair looking for snake
eggs.  The
        recipe requires GIANT rat ears, baking spirits and one cup of
flour.
        Mix it in a bowl (it should be trivial.)  Take the unbaked rat ear
pie
        and bake it in an oven (or maybe a spit as well.)
             If you do decide to buy out one of the newbie Qeynos vendors,
        keep an eye out for giant rat ears, that way you can increase your
skill
        while keeping your snake egg inventory high, for when you want to
make
        birthday cake.




