Message-ID: <9687E71AD7F5D3118E1B00C00D016EFE09FC100F@news.colgate.edu>
Subject: L.A.Times: Whites Disappearing
Date: Thu, 17 Aug 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "The Watcher" <watcher2000@crosswinds.netNOSPAM>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 659816143
X-MSMail-Priority: Normal
X-MimeOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V5.50.4133.2400
Newsgroups: alt.romance.teen,alt.romance,alt.romance.chat,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.romance.teen:124640 alt.romance:248803 alt.romance.chat:179264 alt.games.everquest:11195


From the 8/16/2000 Los Angeles Times.

Far From Urban Gateways,
Racial Lines Blur in Suburbs
Culture: One in four births is of mixed race in some upwardly mobile
neighborhoods. Deep
divisions remain elsewhere.

By BETTINA BOXALL
and RAY F.
HERNDON
TIMES STAFF WRITERS

FAIRFIELD, Calif.-The fading of ethnic and racial lines that so rigidly
defined much of America's past is most evident here, in the flatlands
northeast of San Francisco Bay.
In Solano County, a mix of fields, caramel hills and expanding small cities
strung along Interstate 80, nearly 1 in 4 births over the past decade has
been to parents of different races or ethnicities, according to
an analysis of population data.
Though the state's polyglot capital of immigration is Los Angeles,
multicultural California may be getting its firmest foothold in places like
this.
A bit to the east of Fairfield, in the leafy neighborhoods of Sacramento
County, more than 21 % of births have been to mixed parents. "It's
everywhere," said Sacramento obstetrician Therese Rosellini.
She had just delivered a little girl whose father is white and mother is a
Filipina. In her Elk Grove neighborhood on the outskirts of Sacramento,
Rosellini said, "every other house has an interracial couple. It's just
accepted."
Birth certificate data show the highest rates of interracial births in
middle-class suburban and smaller metropolitan counties such as Sacramento,
Alameda and Contra Costa in the north and Riverside and San Bernardino in
the south.
In the so-called ethnic melting pot, "a good deal of the 'melting' occurs in
the suburbs, and among the most upwardly mobile members of the new
minorities," said demographer William H. Frey of the University of
Michigan's Population Research Center.
Removed from urban immigrant gateways by distance and often a generation or
two, they increase their "contact with other groups, begin to have more in
common with them, socialize with them, date them and marry them," he said.
Not all suburban counties, however, have high rates of mixed births. Some of
the most affluent, such as Marin, Orange and Ventura, were below the state
average, reflecting what some demographers call the essentially
lower-middle-class nature of the trend.
Ranking even lower was Los Angeles County, which-for all its
diversity-recorded a mixed-birth proportion of only about 1 in 9.
One only need look at the city of Los Angeles to understand why. Many of its
neighborhoods are strikingly homogeneous, its immigrant populations large,
relatively new and cohesive, its economic divisions deep.

No Agreement on Patterns

Experts differ on which pattern will prevail as California loses its white
majority-the blending of Solano County or the relative separation of Los
Angeles-or whether the two will continue to coexist.
Among the findings of a Times analysis:
* Statewide, more than 1 in 6 births in 1998 were to parents of mixed race
or ethnicity, up from 1 in 7 in 1989-and the trend is accelerating. These
figures count as mixed births children born to parents of different Asian
nationalities-for instance, a newborn with a Korean father and a Vietnamese
mother.
*Babies of mixed race or ethnicity are now the third largest group of
newborns, after whites and Latinos.
* California's rate of mixed births is well above the national average.
Although the state accounted for only 13% of newborns nationwide in 1998, it
had 24% of all births to parents of mixed race or ethnicity.
* The majority of mixed births in California involve Latinos, the state's
largest minority group.
* The statewide percentage of interracial births involving African Americans
was more than three times the national rate.
Melting Pot
From 1989 to 1998, nearly one-sixth of all births statewide were to parents
of different races or ethnicities. In Los Angeles County, the figure was one
in nine, the second-lowest rate in California.
Historically, California has hardly been a racial Shangri-La. Yet it has
attracted non-European immigrants since its inception. The California
Supreme Court struck down legal barriers to intermarriage in 1948, nearly
two decades before the U.S. Supreme Court erased them nationally.
The Bay Area was the birthplace of the blossoming multiracial movement,
which rejects the narrow boundaries of racial categories and succeeded in
persuading the federal government to allow residents for the first time this
year to choose more than one ethnic category on U.S. Census forms.
"In dismantling the `check-onebox-only' system, we've basically opened the
door to the idea that race is not fixed, that we're not separate species-as
some would like to think," said Bay Area resident Ramona E. Douglass, a
member of the Commerce Secretary's Census 2000 Advisory Committee and past
president of the Assn. of MultiEthnic Americans.
Indeed, UC Santa Barbara assistant sociology professor Reginald Daniel
argues that people's growing willingness to embrace a mixed identity is more
significant than the increasing number of mixed births. "For a person to say
`I'm going to be all of those' is a new paradigm," he said.
It also is one with broad implications, potentially reshaping notions of
race and altering the balance of political power.
Johnna Moore is white, her husband Earnest Moore, African American. The
Solano County couple have five children, with a sixth on the way.
"They know they're both," said Johnna, a medical assistant. "They have both
white and black dolls."

Michelle Hall and Paul Richard, another biracial couple in this bedroom
community, said they are trying to imbue their two daughters, 7-year-old
Darian and 3-year-old Kolbie, with a mixed identity.
In the years since Darian was born, Hall, an African American who is a train
operator, and Richard, a white who works as a courier, said people have
become less colorconscious.
"Before it was, 'Oh, are they your kids?'" Richard said. "Now, it's `Your
kids are pretty.' "
The two could recall only one bad experience stemming from their girls'
mixed race.
Once at an amusement park, a boy told the oldest child she couldn't play
with his group because she was "not one of them." Tellingly, Richard said,
Darian didn't know what the boy was talking about.

Northern California
Noted for Tolerance

Certainly the Hall-Richard family is not a rarity in Solano County, which
has a population of about 400,000 that is about 56% white. Among counties
that recorded enough births to provide sufficient data, Solano topped the
state in the rate of mixed ethnic and racial births between 1989 and 1998.
The ranking is attributed to everything from the presence of Travis Air
Force Base-the military is one of the most integrated institutions in the
nation-to affordable housing that attracts a racial crosssection. Also, the
county's minority groups are of essentially the same size and are
established enough to be relatively assimilated.
"I live in a townhouse complex, and we have African Americans, Mexicans,
Caucasians and Asians," said Sally Martinez, a fourth-generation Californian
and Latina homemaker who was grocery shopping with a white friend. "The kids
all play together. They're all mixed together."
Northern California has a stronger tradition of racial tolerance, suggested
Sonoma State University multicultural studies professor Larry Shinagawa,
because many of its white settlers came from the Northeast. Southern
California tended to draw from more Southern states, where the racial
divisions were sharply drawn.
Both interracial and inter-ethnic marriages are on the rise in California,
Shinagawa said. Asians in particular are marrying members of other Asian
subgroups, he added, because the historical hostilities between them are
eroding and because the overall number of Asians in California has
increased.
Although social attitudes clearly influence intermarriage and mixed
birthrates, they are very much affected by practical factors such as the
size of immigrant populations and the length of time they have resided in
the United States.
The larger and more cohesive an ethnic group, experts said, the better it is
at enforcing internal social mores that frown on marrying outside.
"Just the presence of those big, strong communities tends to act as a
retardant to intergroup romance," said UC Santa Barbara history professor
Paul Spickard.
Spickard said he has known Latino and Asian students who have chosen UC
Santa Barbara over UC Berkeley or UCLA "in part so they can be free of
surveillance" by members of their own ethnicity and thus socialize more
freely.
Moreover, many new immigrants are likely to arrive in the United States
already married, as well as have language barriers that circumscribe their
social circles. In 1998, for instance, 83% of the adult Mexican women who
legally immigrated to Los Angeles County were married.
The difference between intermarriage rates for first-generation immigrants
and their children was noted in a recent study by Sonya Tafoya, a research
associate at the Public Policy Institute of California.
Tafoya found that multiracial and multiethnic births to nativeborn women had
risen markedly since 1982-from about 14% to 21% in 1997-while the rate for
foreign-born mothers had remained fairly stable at about 7%.
That generational change is reflected in the Thao family.
Chia, Lo and Kaye Thao are teenage sisters who live in Solano County's
Suisun City. The three are the oldest of 11 children born in this country to
an immigrant Hmong couple. They know their mother and father would like them
to marry within Hmong, or at least Asian, circles.
Chia, 18, seems likely to do that, though she has dated whites. Her sisters
aren't so sure.
"Whoever I fall for, that's who I'm going to be with. You can't control it,"
Kaye, 19, said with a smile.
It's not simply the march of generations that erodes the boundaries of
romance.
Christina Sanchez's family has lived in the United States for more than a
century, yet it has remained solidly Latino. When the Fairfield bakery
worker dated non-Latinos, relatives' eyebrows shot up.
"But I never paid attention," said Sanchez, 22.
Why?
"Because," she said, "it's 2000. "

Some figures from a chart in this piece:
Parental Combinations in Southern California over the past ten years:

White Mother/Mexican Father: 119,001 children

Mexican Mother/White Father: 111,484 children

White Mother/Black Father: 27,654 children

Asian Mother/White Father: 28,139 children

Black Mother/White Father: 8,308










