Message-ID: <n6b6jXTh#GA.204@pet.hiwaay.net>
Subject: Re: The Frustration factor: Enchanters? (EQ)
Date: Mon, 12 Apr 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Charles B. Naumann" <cnaumann@HiWAAY.net>
References: <3711ce78.138069@news.earthlink.net> <37122258.17508906@news.pipeline.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.ultima.online.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 465660620
Distribution: world
User-Agent: tin/pre-1.4-980202 (UNIX) (OSF1/V4.0 (alpha))
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.ultima.online
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:1270 rec.games.computer.ultima.online:81561

In alt.games.everquest Gresh wrote:

: Certain classes are specifically designed to have strengths and
: weaknesses.  The enchanter, in my opinion, is specfically designed to
: excel in a group, and only in a group.  

The poster said that almost every one of his spells was resisted. 
How is this effective in a group? 

: The enchanter has no healing, relatively weak direct damage spells,
: little armor, generally weak melee skills, etc.   From the perspective
: of the class design, Syl, your enchanter isn't *supposed* to be
: soloing at all, not even blues.

Sounds like he shouldn't be in combat period. Actually, this would
be neat, except currently combat is the only (reasonable) way to level.

: Second observation:

: Almost *all* classes become *much* harder to solo by the time they hit
: level 7 or 8.  

Level 7 for my barbarian warrior was the pits. I grouped often, but the
biggest problem was the competition for critters that were in our
ballpark. Interestingly, now at level 10, soloing is again feasible.
The only problem I have soloing a barbarian warrior is the very
long time it takes to regenerate my hit points. A cleric with meditaion
can fully heal me in less than a minutes, verses well over 10 minutes
alone. From what I have read, the time factor only gets worse. I
need to learn meditation to heal wounds.

: An example from yesterday:  I am a barbarian shaman, level 12.  I have
: decent healing (same as a cleric at my level), good weapons and armor,
: lots of hit points (for a non-warrior), I am buffed like you wouldn't
: believe (+10 str, +20 hps, +20 AC, +15 agility, +10 dex), I have a
: de-buff (drowsy), a sicken spell that does about 25 damage total, a
: poison spell that does about 40 damage total, and a direct damage
: spell (frost rift) that does 15 damage for 10 mana.  Yesterday I took
: on a level 10 polar bear.  By the time I killed it, I had just under
: two bubbles of health, and zero mana.  And the shaman is a class that
: is supposed to be more solo-viable than almost all others?  Hmmmm.  

This is soloing. You found and killed a critter and gained experience
from it. I am sure you can tweak your remaining health and mana a
bit by changing strategy.

: Back at level 5 and 6, I could kill opponent after opponent after
: opponent, if they were one level below me.  They barely scratched me.
: At level 12, it's a completely different story.

Simple linear math would tell you that at level 5, one step below
you is a 20% reduction. At level 12, one step below you is an 8%
reduction.

I am not arguing with you about the merits of solo vs. non solo,
and what should be allowed, but it sounds like the enchanter
class is just plain broken. Unless the plan is that enchanters
get much more powerful later on, and the dues that they pay now
are being baggage in other groups.

Charles Naumann

: Gresh
: Qualm, Barbarian Shaman, E'ci

:>I go back yadda yadda yadda. Repeat this cycle 2 more times and in the
:>space of about an hour and a half (80% of which was waiting for the
:>damn boat) I have lost the exp it took me 4 hours with Shay to get.  I
:>KNOW I should leave but I am so pissed and so disbelieving that I
:>can't kill a BLUE under any circumstances that I keep trying. And
:>Dying.  



