Message-ID: <so384jcjo0b77@corp.supernews.com>
Subject: Re: Newbie help
Date: Fri, 28 Jul 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: "Paul Reeves" <preeves@cableone.net>
References: <bugg5.16086$5N1.565272@newsread1.prod.itd.earthlink.net>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.everquest.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 651836043
Organization: Posted via Supernews, http://www.supernews.com
X-MIMEOLE: Produced By Microsoft MimeOLE V4.72.2106.4
Newsgroups: alt.games.everquest,rec.games.computer.everquest
X-Complaints-To: newsabuse@supernews.com
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com alt.games.everquest:11022 rec.games.computer.everquest:9178

I would start a dwarf cleric as a good first character - finding the guild
will
be a bit of a challenge, but not nearly as bad as most starting cities.
Outside Kaladim the physical features are easy to follow and all roads will
lead you back home.  Start fighting on the hill outside the entrance and
kill everything - if you die, you will come back on the hill so you have no
fear.

You will gain experience in fighting and the basics of spell casting.
Clerics
get all types of spells (evocation, alteration, divination, conjuration) by
the
time they are 5th level and you can learn about them all in a fairly sedate
area.

Don't worry about stats or anything else on this character because it is a
throw away, but on your next character put all the points you can in the
main
stat (wis for clerics, shaman, druids; int for Necros, Mages, Wizards,
Enchanters; Str for everything else) and you won't go far wrong - stats are
fairly meaningless anyway - level and skill are the important factors.

I would suggest avoiding any newsgroups or web pages like the plague until
you see for yourself what you enjoy - only you know what you will like.  If
you
have questions or need help in game, just ask.  Lots of people will be glad
to help you get started.  Good luck.

Gypsum Bladesong
Ranger of the 40th Season
Quellious

Orrin Kinion wrote in message ...
>Hello everyone!  I am just starting to play EQ and it looks really neat, I
>love all the detail and options, but I must say I am a bit overwhelmed.
Can
>anyone suggest what race/class I could play to TEST out the game and get
the
>hang of things.  I want a class that is very easy to play and will not have
>a difficult time for the first few levels.  I will then start a new
>character once I have a better idea of how things work.  Thanks in advance!
>
>




