Message-ID: <7k67k7$1esg$2@newsfeeds.rpi.edu>
Subject: UO's victim complex - was: UO Players
Date: Tue, 15 Jun 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: gentrj@rpi.edu (Jeff Gentry)
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.ultima.online.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 489957649
Organization: Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy NY, USA
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.ultima.online,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.ultima.online:97291 alt.games.everquest:1930


Sorry for changing the thread name, but for some reason I could no longer
post to that thread, and there were just too many things that I wanted
to respond to and not let go - so hopefully the same personalities
find their way here.

For those who followed that particular thread, there were many
replies to me making it seem as if I had disdain for those who did
not wish to PvP.  This is not the case - the particular group of 
people that I was complaining about (the ones with the "victim complex")
were the people that ran away from *everyone*, fearing a potential
PvP encounter.  Mainly because that was simply not the norm - however,
a forced PvP encounter sticks out in your head a lot more than the 
20 people you talked to that *didn't* attack you and thus seems more
prevelant.

I dislike being attacked when I'm not looking for a fight myself, but
I saw no harm in stopping to chat with people and helping them out
when I could.  Sure, a handful turned around to bite me on the ass, but
so what - that is life in the big city.  For my adventurousness, however,
I was rewarded with *many* friendships that have carried into RL (hell,
I went to Disney World with some of the people I met in UO).  

I find it interesting that the same folks that complain about how thye
"had" to run away at the sign of *anyone* coming on their screen also
tend to be the same ones who never found the ocmplete richness of social
interaction that UO had.

So anyhow, people like Ingot Head and Otara who seemed to think that I
was knocking them simply because they might have been PKd ... no.  Rather,
I was knocking those like Erin who made the comment that one should really
run away whenever they found someone on their screen, and if they didn't
run - by no means help out, because that person would probably turn to
attack them.  *That* is the "victim complex" that I"m talking about ...
*that* is the paranoia that I'm talking about.  It is simply unfounded -
also, as I noted, the PK types have an uncanny ability to sense that sort
of fear and go for it.

There is a *huge* difference between not wanting a forced PvP encounter
and fearing one so much that it rules your online life.




