Message-ID: <864gmt$b5o$1@newsfeeds.rpi.edu>
Subject: Re: What game to buy??
Date: Wed, 19 Jan 2000 00:00:00 +0000
From: gentrj@rpi.edu (Jeff Gentry)
References: <3886ed36.1316458@news.free-uk.net> <3881054D.CFECD97@escape.ca> <8629f0$phe$1@newsfeeds.rpi.edu> <N%ch4.2925$sO5.37044@news.rdc1.tn.home.com>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-rec.games.computer.ultima.online.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 574774156
Organization: Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute, Troy NY, USA
Followup-To: rec.games.computer.ultima.online,alt.games.ultima-online,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.quake3
Newsgroups: rec.games.computer.ultima.online,alt.games.ultima-online,alt.games.everquest,alt.games.quake3
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com rec.games.computer.ultima.online:141248 alt.games.ultima-online:52990 alt.games.everquest:3954 alt.games.quake3:7240

Charles (madness-mm@home.com) wrote:
: Pardon me Mr. Fascist, but why, if UO is so cool, are you wasting time in an
: EverQuest Forum?  Seems like UO is really boring to me.(read on I have
: comments on message

Fascist?  Eh?  Want to explain that one?  All I did was poing out that
your game blows.

Besides, isn't calling someone a fascist an invocation of Godwin?  I guess
that means that the thread is over.

BTW, in answer to your question .... look at the headers of the posts in
this thread man.  Why are *you* posting this in a UO newsgroup?

: The worst of game driven quests in EQ are far better than any of the player
: given quests by UO vets that I have seen.  In fact all the UO vets that
: I know are weak-minded, such as those views of UO players displayed in this
: post of fascism and intolerance.

Someone has no idea what fascism is.  I suggest you go and take a high
school history class.  You might learn something.

And I'd love to hear how any of the major shard-wide quests going on
a UO shard currently are worse then "go to XYZ and give Willy the
dwarf this shiney button to get XP, phAAt LeWt and faction".

Quests in general are for people who can't and won't think on their own.
EQ players in general, IMO, want to be spoonfed a game more than UO
players. 

: > Don't forget it also is pretty much just a DikuMUD.  Aka Hack n' Slash
: > heaven.  Not bad if you only want to hack n' slash, but it blows for
: > most other htings.
: Didn't you just say that UO was good for killing off felow players?  As
: stated above about the EQ quests, even the suckiest are better than the ones
: that I have seen from old UO players.  And the actual player events are
: quite fun.

How does the *ability* to fight your fellow *character* at all nullify
the greatness of a game?  UO allows for freedom of action.  It more closely
resembles a world ... EQ closely resembles a DikuMUD.  EQ is a MMPOG for
JOe Gamers who can't handle a more cocmplex world.

: How about we compare the UO interface to its similar interfaces.... which
: would be practically EVERY 3rd person RPG ever made!

Feel free.  By the way, single player games aren't RPGs, no matter
who says Final Fantasy is a RPG ... so those don't count.

: Yep it ("it is like...")does sound like EQ, but the it's in "but it's
: lacking...." was refering to UO not EverQuest, also I think that EQ is a
: much better developed
: and dynamic game than UO, but his statement is correct that UO is lacking in
: the graphics dept.  Also I have hardly seen any server problems at all(on
: mine at least)

I (and many others) prefer UO's graphics over EQ's legoland style graphics.
Furthermore, I think given current technology, the 3D 1st person viewpoint
is ass.  Yes, in one way it is more realistic, however since you are limited
to your visual scope and mild aural abilities - it really cuts you out of
your true range of senses.  

: since the first 2-3 months of EQ's retail release, whereas UO... let's just
: leave it at that.  Not to mention the PC population is sooooo much nicer.

Overpopulation you mean?

Besides, on your point that EQ has no problems .... one word: ShowEQ.

-- 
   Jeff Gentry   jester@rpi.edu   gentrj@rpi.edu
"You're one of those condescending UNIX users! ...."
"Here's a nickel kid ... get yourself a real computer."


