Message-ID: <8E665E633violetturkeys@208.11.224.91>
Subject: Re: RFD: rec.games.computer.everquest
Date: Thu, 21 Oct 1999 00:00:00 +0000
From: sam@deletethis.operation3d.com (Sam Schlansky)
References: <940496618.8051@isc.org>
Path: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com!illumos!news.pugleaf.net!.TX!i2pn2.pugleaf.net!archive.newsdeef.eu!mbox2nntp-news.groups.mbox.zip!not-for-mail
X-Deja-AN: 538825130
Organization: Operation3D
User-Agent: Xnews/2.09.30
Newsgroups: news.groups,alt.games.everquest
Xref: archive.usenet.blueworldhosting.com news.groups:159157 alt.games.everquest:3059

stupid@he.net (Stupid) wrote in <940496618.8051@isc.org>:

>                     REQUEST FOR DISCUSSION (RFD)
>            unmoderated group rec.games.computer.everquest

(snip rest of the RFD)

Great! Finally, took 'em long enough to post the thing. :)

I'd like to draw everybody's attention to my original abortive 
attempt at a proto-RFD, which can be found at the following URL:

http://x31.deja.com/getdoc.xp?AN=535039632&search=thread&CONTEXT=9405
07359.390660194&HIT_CONTEXT=940507359.390660194&HIT_NUM=24&hitnum=0

I think I had some good ideas there, and some deserve to be in the 
final newsgroup charter. My attempt at a RFD was not aborted due 
to any problems with its content, rather it was because Eric had 
already resubmitted his and only one is allowed in line at a time.

I've spoken with Eric about this whole shebang, and we'll probably 
end up being co-proponents on the new group(s). 

The official RFD that you just read (not mine, Eric's) is already 
obsolete-- it seems that alt.games.everquest is big enough to really 
require several groups, according to Usenet lore.

Eric and I will come up with an updated RFD within the next day or 
so, and post it as a follow-up to the message, so be sure to watch 
for it. The biggest difference between the first RFD and the modified 
one is that it will actually propose *several* groups, instead of 
just one, as well as some of my original ideas.

I'd just like to remind y'all that while this all SOUNDS official and 
stilted, it really isn't... *any* ideas that you have for the new 
group(s) deserve to be heard; that's what the "request for 
discussion" means.

Here are some ideas that we've come up with for groupnames so far, 
just to stir up some discussion:

(Eric)
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes
rec.games.computer.everquest.general
rec.games.computer.everquest.quests

(Sam)
rec.games.computer.everquest.auction
rec.games.computer.everquest.general
rec.games.computer.everquest.suggestions 

(up in the air)
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes.bard
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes.cleric
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes.druid
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes.enchanter
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes.magician
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes.necromancer
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes.paladin
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes.ranger
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes.rogue
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes.shadowknight
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes.shaman
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes.wizard
rec.games.computer.everquest.classes.warrior
---
rec.games.computer.everquest.general.bertoxxulous
rec.games.computer.everquest.general.brellserilis
rec.games.computer.everquest.general.bristlebane
rec.games.computer.everquest.general.cazicthule
[et cetera]

Basically, we're considering a general miscellaneous group, a 
"suggestions/rant/whine/readmebrad" group, an auction (in-game, not 
ebay) group, a spoiler group, groups for every individual class, and 
groups for every invidivual server. 

Keep in mind that not ALL of these groups will be created! They're 
just ideas.

Each one of these ideas has its own merit. Personally, I lean towards 
my groupnames (surprise, surprise) along with possibly the class-
specific groups. 

I don't HATE the idea of all those separate server-specific groups... 
but remember that Verant adds new servers every couple of weeks. I 
just don't see how having separate server groups could be 
realistically doable.

I'd also really like to see my "tags" idea in there somewhere. It can 
be found in its entirety in my original aborted proto-RFD in the link  
at the top of this post. I personally lean towards a small number of 
groups with tags for intelligent filtering. That's just how my mind 
works. 

Remember that all tags except [spoiler] are totally optional before 
you begin flaming on it. :)

The most important thing to remember when suggesting a group name 
is... would YOU post there? And more importantly, would OTHERS post 
there? If nobody posts there, we can have all the groups in the 
world, and everybody will just stay in rgc.everquest.general and 
possibly crosspost to the relevent group. 

That would be sad. Who wants to create empty groups just to sit in 
the Usenet wasteland forever?

Essentially, everything else becomes irrelevent. It's nice to have 
things like subject tags in the charter, but people will only 
actually DO them if they want to. 

Just remember.... would YOU post there? If the answer is no, don't 
propose the group.

One thing that I would *like* to see in the charter is a specific 
prohibition on posts advertising item and character sales for real 
money on services like eBay, particularly on the proposed group 
rec.games.computer.everquest.auction. It is my personal belief that 
such things ruin the game and they don't belong on our newsgroups. If 
you disagree, feel free to say so.

Again, note that putting it in the charter doesn't mean that these 
people will STOP posting links to their ebay auctions... but at least 
we'll have some ammunition in the future when we ask them to stop-- 
or their news admins to stop THEM.

Finally, I'd just like to take this chance to BEG everybody reading 
this to vote on this issue when the CFV is finally posted. Vote yes 
or vote no-- that's your decision. Just vote.

Shy away from the kind of apathy that killed the proposed group six 
months ago. It's just one simple e-mail, and YES, your vote makes a 
difference. 

Many, many people are reading web boards with rapidly changing buggy 
interfaces where messages scroll off in hours and are lost forever 
when they decide to change messageboard software. Those messages 
that you CAN find are often censored because the admins want to get 
in good with Verant.

Many, many people are getting a partial, delayed, or even nonexistant 
feed of alt.games.everquest merely because it is an alt.* group, and 
therefore judged of lesser importance. 

Let's change all that. Let's make it better. 

Sam

-- 
 
/|  Sam Schlansky  <sam[at]operation3d[dot]com>
/|  I speak for myself only unless noted otherwise.
/|  PGP Key ID: 0x63A9D707
/|  3DNews.net: News With Perspective!
/|  3DHardware.net: Taking Your Machine To The Third Dimension!
/|  Remove "deletethis" to email.


