——————————
April 6, 1999 News Bit from John Smedley
——————————

Music works on all sound cards. If you still aren’t getting music,
double check to make sure that music is turned on in-game. In addition,
you may not have correct drivers, and/or you may not have it set
properly. In any case, either call our tech support or go to the tech
support area in chat. Please be advised that music DOES have a
performance impact on the game, although it is a small one.

Frame Rate Speedup – Our resident graphics genius sped up the game a
fair amount. Those of you in areas like Greater Faydark should see some
real improvements.

Corpse Bug – We’ve been tracking a nasty little bug that would make
corpses disappear. I’m sure many of you know firsthand about this one.
We finally nailed it and it should be safe to die again ;)

There’s a whole bunch of other stuff that has been fixed as well and is
listed in the patch message.

Just as an FYI we did find a server-side bug that’s been fixed and we
will probably have to down the servers one at a time to update since
this bug is one that really needs to be fixed.

One final Item: Yes, glide on banshee’s is coming back. It should be in
later this week.

- John Smedley, President and CEO: Verant Interactive, Inc.

……………………………………………………………


April 20, 1999 Post by John Smedley

Hello All,

Well.. thanks to all of your help we've been able to find a significant corpse dissapearence bug. We feel that this is a significant enough problem to warrant updating the servers during normal hours today, as we don't want anyone else's corpses to dissapear. We've also extended the amount of online time characters above 5th level have to recover their bodies from 8 hours to 24 hours (online).

In nutshell, the Corpse Recovery rules are as follows:

Characters All Levels: If you have no items on your corpse, it will dissapear within 3 minutes.

Characters Level 1-5: Corpse will dissapear within 30 minutes (real time) whether you are online or offline. Those of you wondering why this rule is in place? - There would be WAY to many bodies if we didn't do it this way.

Characters Level 6 and above - Corpse will dissapear within 24 hours if the player is online (being at the character select screen STILL counts as online). Corpses will dissapear within 1 week if the player is offline.

In addition, this server patch will include the following:

1) Warrior's now get a "Bezerker Frenzy" if they are down to under 35% of their Hit Points. 2) Several server side crash bugs have been fixed.

I also wanted to mention that we have begun shipping units to Europe. Units should be in Electronics Boutique in the UK in a few days. Germany and other places in Europe will be hitting shortly...and Austrailia will be seeing units shortly as well.

John Smedley 


---------------------------

——————————
April 29, 1999 News Bit from John Smedley
——————————

Here’s a summary of what was done in the last 2 days

1) We did a major hardware upgrade to our primary router here in San
Diego.
2) We worked with CERFnet to do a router upgrade to their facility here
in San Diego.
3) We moved Karana over to CERFnet
4) We brought up Rodcet Nife

I think you will find now that the packet loss should be basically
gone… at least on our end. We were definetely causing some of the
loss before (only when we hit major numbers) but now things are very,
very clean running and that is with 23,582 people on just as I write
this (a new record).

Does this mean that EVERYONE’S Packet Loss is gone? Absolutely not.
BUT, I did some surveys in most of the worlds and about 750f the people
told me their Packet Loss was great. If you are having problems now, do
a traceroute to chat.everquest.com and send it to the email address
traceroute@verant.com and we will take a look. We take our customers
connections very seriously, and if a whole lot of people on one network
are having a problem we will do our best to look into it. It doesn’t
mean we can always get the reaction we want (some networks are just
plain bad) but many times we can help find a legitimate problem and
help correct it.

-----------------------

May 3rd, 5:00pm
---------------

We will be patching a new version of the EverQuest client executable tonight at Midnight PDT. One of the significant additions is the option to utilize auto mip-mapping 
in Glide mode. Mip-mapping may be activated in the Display menu, located within the Options directory. In addition, we have made numerous bug fixes and game play 
adjustments, of which are listed below.

1) If you have participated in a fight against an NPC, you will take a faction hit.
2) Players may no longer disarm an NPC that has a magical weapon armed.
3) Safe-fall is now working as intended, however, damage from falling is required to advance in the skill.
4) Players should not see other characters "popping" around while riding the boats.
5) Trades will properly cancel out when the characters involved walk away.
6) The Friend's List is now functioning as intended.
7) A few crash bugs related to failed font calls have been resolved.
8) Creature and Player corpses should no longer draw into the overlays.
9) Vampiric Embrace has been modified from it's original design to improve game play.
10) A number of quest were implemented.

Included in tonight's update is a major enhancement to the populations of both Solusek's Eye and Mistmoore.

Tomorrow night, a revised version of the EverQuest Manual will be patched. The revision will include a new section which outlines the spells and skills that have 
been modified from their original design to enhance game play.

- The EverQuest Team

-----------------------

 May 18, 1999

(NOTE: taken from here: https://web.archive.org/web/20001022094248/http://www.eqtrade.com/cgi/news.pl?id=7)

We will be updating the servers tonight at Midnight PDT, which will require a minor client side update. A few of the notable changes are listed below.

2) While taking part in a guild war, if killed, members of the opposing guild may only loot one item off the corpse.

3) A crash bug related to removing guild members was fixed.

4) A number of new items and quests have been implemented.

The follow changes have been made to spells:

    The Effect of Vampiric Embrace (necromancer and shadowknight) effect has been increased. 

    Spell names changed: 

 Summon Blade to Summon Fang
 Summon Spear to Spear of Warding
 Summon Mystic Dagger to Dagger of Symbols

    You can no longer be charmed or feared while invulnerable (divine aura) 

    Hammer of Requital (Cleric & Paladin) now summons a Hammer of Requital 

    High level creatures get a better save vs. Memory Blur (Enchanter) and Atone (Cleric) spells 

    Magician pets will no longer run away from combat. 

    Crission's Pixie Strike (Bard Song) works better now. 

    Selo's Accelerando and Spirit of Wolf will no longer leave ghost icons of each other. 

- The EverQuest Team

-----------------------

 May 21, 1999 GZ comments on Enchanter spell changes pt.1

(NOTE: auto-translated from Japanese and taken from here: http://web.archive.org/web/20010501063057/http://www3.jcss.net/~rpg/eqi/news/99-5-16.htm)

Enchanter next update

From Enchanter's magic that will be fixed in the next update from Geoffrey Zatkin, EQ Magic:

    The Alliance will probably be upgraded on the next Monday update.
    Whirl Till You Hurl 2 magic will be introduced on Monday and will now affect your opponents at level 30 and above.
    The effect of Whirl (CF, SW, Swarm, etc.) is no longer lost by Bash and Stun.
    Only monsters with level 40 or higher gain resistance to Blur.

-----------------------

 May 24, 1999

(NOTE: From https://groups.yahoo.com/api/v1/groups/everquest/messages/335)

May 24th, 6:00pm

The servers will be coming down as scheduled tonight at Midnight PDT. The following changes/bug fixes have been made.

    Players will no longer crash when an extremely long group message is received.
    Added the ability to pull one item "charge" from a stack by holding down the "Control" key when left-clicking on the stack.
    After casting a spell at an NPC, if the target were lost before the spell made contact, the caster would crash.
    The "/ignore" command will now ignore emotes also.
    The chat command "/e" will trigger "/emote" instead of exiting to the character selection screen.
    We have added new sound tracks to the Planes, Crushbone, Guk, Mistmoore, Steamfont, and the Estate of Unrest.
    We have reduced the amount of experience lost when dying by 50%.
    A number of new quests have been added to various zones.
    Magician pets (elemental) will now cast minor spells (to make up for their lack of kick)
    New Magician spells on vendors and some Magician spells have moved to different vendors
    New Magician weapons for Summon Fang & Spear of Warding & Dagger of Symbols
    New enchanter whirl spell (check the vendors)
    Whirl now works on MOBS better than it did on the last patch.
    The saving throw against Memory Blur and Atone was reduced (harder to save against) from the last patch.
    AC added to the Rune Series (Enchanter)
    Alliance series works better (Enchanter)
    Enchanter Attack Speed spells now have longer durations (Quickness, Alacrity, etc.)
    Tashan (the entire Enchanter series) is now quicker to cast, costs less mana, and is harder to save against.
    New bard songs have been added to the vendors
    Paladins lose the spell Bravery, and gain the spell Valor
    ShadowKnights and Necromancers gain the Word of Spirit spell (replacing Word of Shadow for the ShadowKnight)
    ShadowKnights lose Haunting Corpse and gain Summon Dead
    Necromancers and ShadowKnights get a new spell - Shadow Vortex.
    ShadowKnights lose Intensify Death (replaced by Shadow Vortex)
    Rangers lose Shield of Barbs and gain Shield of Brambles
    Shorter stun effects will no longer remove longer stun effects (Bash won't get rid of whirl, for example)
    Spell components are now stackable 

- The EverQuest Team

(Dolalin: I have found an alternate version of this patch message, here: http://web.archive.org/web/20201006101158/http://www.angelfire.com/va/AKnights/maynews.html )

 The servers will be coming down as scheduled tonight at Midnight PDT.
 
 The following changes/bug fixes have been made:
 
 - Spell research components (runes, words, etc.) are now stackable - in doing so, your old ones will no longer trade, nor will they stack with the new ones. Use the old ones up or ditch them.
 - Players will no longer crash when an extremely long group message is received.
 - Added the ability to pull one item "charge" from a stack by holding down the "Control" key when left-clicking on the stack.
 - After casting a spell at an NPC, if the target were lost before the spell made contact, the caster would crash.
 - The "/ignore" command will now ignore emotes also.
 - The chat command "/e" will trigger "/emote" instead of exiting to the character selection screen.
 - We have added new sound tracks to the Planes, Crushbone, Guk, Mistmoore, Steamfont, and the Estate of Unrest.
 - We have reduced the amount of experience lost when dying by 50%.
 - A number of new quests have been added to various zones.
 - Magician pets (elemental) will now cast minor spells (to make up for their lack of kick)
 - New Magician spells on vendors and some Magician spells have moved to different vendors
 - New Magician weapons for Summon Fang & Spear of Warding & Dagger of Symbols - New enchanter whirl spell (check the vendors)
 - Whirl now works on MOBS better than it did on the last patch.
 - The saving throw against Memory Blur and Atone was reduced (harder to save against) from the last patch.
 - AC added to the Rune Series (Enchanter)
 - Alliance series works better (Enchanter)
 - Enchanter Attack Speed spells now have longer durations (Quickness, Alacrity, etc.)
 - Tashan (the entire Enchanter series) is now quicker to cast, costs less mana, and is harder to save against.
 - New bard songs have been added to the vendors
 - Paladins lose the spell Bravery, and gain the spell Valor
 - ShadowKnights and Necromancers gain the Word of Spirit spell (replacing Word of Shadow for the ShadowKnight)
 - ShadowKnights lose Haunting Corpse and gain Summon Dead
 - Necromancers and ShadowKnights get a new spell - Shadow Vortex.
 - ShadowKnights lose Intensify Death (replaced by Shadow Vortex)
 - Rangers lose Shield of Barbs and gain Shield of Brambles
 - Shorter stun effects will no longer remove longer stun effects (Bash won't get rid of whirl, for example)
 
 The EverQuest Team

-----------------------

 May 27, 1999 GZ comments on Enchanter spell changes pt.2

(NOTE: Japanese copy here: http://web.archive.org/web/20010501063057/http://www3.jcss.net/~rpg/eqi/news/99-5-16.htm)

(NOTE: found an English language copy in the eq-bards mailing list archive, added below: https://github.com/dbsanfte/eq-archives/blob/master/mailing-lists/_EQ_Magic/html/159.html)

GZ SPEAKS!

I must admit he does get through his email fairly quick. Here is what I gleamed from him as a result of my messages to him:

    Rune and Mist Series will stack again. This was a bug that slipped through and will be rectified with a patch.
    The short duration on WTYH after ysterdays patch will be reworked. They are trying to find a balance, lets all just be patient. They are working on it.
    Suffocating Sphere was made much harder to resist. As a result they also threw in the chance for damage to be lowered on a successful cast. Probably better for the low levellers, they have more chance to hurt that tree snake now.
    Illlusion spells give some benefits of the given race. But not all. They also give you some of the faction of that race. This was to clarify questions on whether becoming a troll for instance gave the increased hp regen and things of that sort. The answer is maybe. the potential is there, but for each race you will just have to experiement. Any info on this please let me know.
    Alliance Series is designed to give you some of the faction of the targeted creature. There has been debate over what this spell series was meant to do. Now you know.
    We will never get unresistable colour flux or short duration stun spells.
    GZ conceded that Shamans and Enchanters are equals when it comes to buffing. They just do it in different ways he said.
    I asked : "Why do we have to tashan before every spell? Why are we the only class hit with this minimum 15 mana penalty to get successful magic casts?" (note now 10 mana) Response: "You don't have to. Enchanters are the only class with the ability to lower the magic resistance of their targets quickly. Saves against Enchanter spells are the same as against every other type of spell of those types. For example, the save against Root is the same vs. an Enchanter as vs. a Wizard. The only exception is that the Wizard does not get to lower the creatures magic resistance - the Enchanter does."
    Enchanting Items will be added eventually. But he feels we are balanced already without the ability to enchant. I think this sucks myself. What is the name of our class??? He referred to this series as being a "gravy" thing for us, or a little bit extra to make us happy. So don't expect this new line to do anything dramatic when it becomes available.
    Specialisation is still a few weeks off. So don't get too excited.
    This comment after I questioned Verant's priorities: "The expansion is not yet being worked on by anybody but the art team. The rest of the team is fixing bugs and adding more features (like weapon enchantments and specialization)." 

June 7, 1999

(NOTE: This patch was not in Allakhazam and came from http://www.tski.co.jp/baldio/patch/19990607.html)

The EverQuest servers will be coming down tonight at Midnight PDT for a client and server-side update. Listed below are the newly implemented features and bug fixes which will be updated.
General Changes

    Scrolls are no longer lore items - this means that you can have more than one.
    Research components were made more accessible on higher level mobs.
    Several items will now appear as "Pending Lore" and will become "Lore" in a subsequent update. The servers will only allow ONE 'Lore' item in a character's inventory (that includes the bank) - please make note of any items you own that are 'Pending Lore' - it is YOUR responsibility to have those items sold or traded by the time (approximately one week) we change them to 'Lore.' We will not be responsible for items lost when this change is made. 

Zone Enhancements

    Additional treasure has been added to Permafrost Keep, and some of the items already there have been enhanced - now is the time to plan that Permafrost excursion!
    The bandits of West Karana are increasing their presence! You'll find more bandit camps there, as well as bandits traveling between those camps and elsewhere.
    The spawn rates in many outdoor areas has been increased - this should make it easier to find things to kill.
    Bug fixes and newly implemented features:
    Charmed and Feared characters can no longer use skills.
    The appropriate text message is given while attempting to attack while charmed.
    'Procing' (items that cast spells) weapons no longer break Bard's singing.
    Players vision will now return to normal if killed while drunk.
    Tree Form spells will change the caster into a human male in a zone without trees.
    Red and Blue armor will now appear the proper color for AMD users.
    While accessing the /bug screen, the in-game chat bar will no longer remain active.
    If the inventory window is up and the spell book is open, the user will not remove items from their inventory when clicking on the spell book.
    A number of quests were fixed as well as implemented.
    A Bad language filter has been implemented. Typing "/filter" will toggle it on and off.
    Pets that have been commanded to sit will no longer to appear to stand up while they are supposed to be seated.
    While in the full screen view, users may now toggle the translucent overlay backgrounds on and off by pressing the "~" key.
    Players may now loot corpses in shallow water or lava by typing "/loot" while the corpse is targeted.
    We have implemented an Auto-follow command. To auto-follow another player, target the character, then type "/follow". You must be grouped with the character in order to successfully carry out the command.
    A Role Playing switched has been added so that players may identify other characters who wish to make known they are Role Playing. To activate the Role Playing switch, target your character and type "/roleplay", if the character is +PvP, the name tag above their head will appear as a darker shade of Red, whereas a non-PvP players name will appear purple.
    If the user drops a backpack containing spells on the ground, the spells will no longer disappear.
    Medicine Bags, when dropped on the ground, will no longer vanish.
    The proper text is given when a trade window is canceled between players.
    Arrows will now be drawn from the quiver is the ammo slot is empty. 

Spell Changes

    The Bard spell "Denon's Desperate Dirge" will now require the use of Mana.
    No spell or effect that accelerates the process of mana regeneration will work on a Bard.
    '/pet report health' will now have your pet message you with a health report.
    Lightning Blast (Druid) has been modified to its intended form of finishing the Invoke Lightning series.
    When you fizzle, you will lose a less mana then before. The fizzle rate has NOT changed.
    There is now a CAP on the amount of mana lost from any single fizzle.
    Spell Scrolls are no longer lore items. This means you can hold more than one.
    Tuyen's Songs now have range.
    Eye of Zomm will no longer work in conjunction with pets - you can now have one or the other. Sorry.
    Wave of Enfeeblement (now Vampiric Curse) and Circle of Death (both Necromancer) will not work for the next week or so while we make a fix on them. 

Trade Skill Changes

    Jewel Craft - All of the jewelry has had increased magical properties (pre-existing jewelry items remain unchanged).
    Fletching - When fletching arrows, they will be produced in sets of 5, instead of 1.
    Baking, Blacksmithing, Brewing, and Pottery have been changed to either return items on failure and be able to produce multiple items and quantities on success. 

Example:

Baking muffins, success means the player will receive three muffins and retaining the muffin tin, however, when unsuccessful, the player will still get the muffin tin back and lose all other components. Another example would be if a player wishes to sharpen a rusty short sword. If the player succeeds, they will receive a tarnished short sword, however, failure will result in retaining the rusty weapon but losing the sharpening stone.
June 8th, 1999

(NOTE: This patch message auto-translated from Japanese, found on this site: http://web.archive.org/web/20020812174059fw_/http://www4.big.or.jp/~kenzi/eq/old-06.html)

6/8/99 6:30 pm

    Last night, we updated the data that made the wizard's bolt spells ineffective against creatures. The issue has been revised and is currently being tested on a test server. We will continue to test new changes and update the server late at midnight on PDT Wednesday if there are no problems.
    I mentioned that the item is Pending Lore, but it is not displayed as a bug. It will be fixed in tomorrow's patch.
    We added faction conversion function to PvP. If a player PKs another player, the player who killed him / her will modify the faction related faction. 

We have extended and activated specialization skills:

Specialization brings two things to your character.

(1) Specialization reduces spell mana consumption. This begins gradually (slightly depending on the situation) and increases with specialization skills.

(2) Specialization reduces the chance of fizzle spells. There are five types of specialization. But you can only focus on one specialization. The first specialization that reaches 51 will be gathered, and other specializations will not rise above 50. Choose wisely.

Example: Mildred the Magnificent (Wizard) has 50 Evocation and Abjuration Specialization skills. Mildred decided to become an Evocation expert. She visited the Guildmaster and made 1 point 51 for Specialize. Other specialization skills can no longer be increased from 50.

-EverQuest Team
June 11, 1999

(NOTE: This update message auto-translated from Chinese, found on this site: https://web.archive.org/web/20011206145013/http://www.everquest.com.tw/patch_199906.html)

As a large number of players went online at midnight, we decided to change the update time from midnight to 7am PDT. Therefore, we will update the EverQuest ™ server on Thursday 6/10 7:00 AM PDT. In addition to the previously announced new features and bug fixes, two additional amendments are added as follows.

    Rewritten sea travel, hoping that the effect of taking a boat will be more stable (players should not be kicked off the boat as often). 

    High-level non-player characters with the ability to summon characters can only use the summoning ability if the characters cause more than 10% damage to the NPC. 

June 15, 1999 Server Update Announcement

(NOTE: This update message auto-translated from Japanese, found on this site: http://web.archive.org/web/20020812174059fw_/http://www4.big.or.jp/~kenzi/eq/old-06.html)

Server Update

6/13/99 3:30 pm

EverQuest server PDT will be down for client-side update from Tuesday morning at 7:00 am This patch fixes specializations in the guild trainer. It will be displayed in the chat window if you click on a specialization skill. Down time is about 1 hour.

-EverQuest Team
June 27, 1999

(NOTE: auto-translated from Japanese, from http://web.archive.org/web/20001006103908/http://www3.jcss.net/~rpg/eqi/news/99-6-16.htm)

(UPDATE: English version found here, correct date adjusted: http://web.archive.org/web/20001206030200/http://www.eqtrade.com/cgi/news.pl?id=6 )

 Due to the situation which occurred on the CerfNet servers on Tuesday and Thursday night, we have had to place most of our resources towards rectifying 
 the problem on the live servers. However, we were able to make a few various changes to the Test server, some of which will be propagated to the live 
 servers on Monday. The features and bug fixes are listed below.
 
 - Currently, when a character dies, they return with 25% of their Mana and Health, in addition, they have a massive hit to their stats. - This will NOT 
 remain true, and we will be removing it next week.
 - Nagafen's Lair and Permafrost have been revamped with new treasure, items, etc. In addition, changes have been made to NPC spawning to the them.
 - A number of fixes were made to Research.
 
 The following fixes have been made to spells.
 
 - Vampiric Curse / Bond of Death (formerly Circle of Death) now work with their new effects
 - Fufil's Curtailing Chant (BARD) now works on monsters
 - Magician pet attack spells have been slightly increased.
 - Incapacitate now works for Enchanters (lvl 44 spell)
 - Wizard "Casting Times" for damage spells have been slightly reduced
 - Necromancer poison spells have had their damage doubled and their duration cut in half. They will do EXACTLY the same amount of damage, but in half the 
 pervious amount of time.
 - Necromancer and Shaman disease spells have had their duration reduced. Their damage has been upped to compensate.
 - Hungry Earth (Necromancer) is now researchable - check your book
 - Research for Thunderclap (Wizard) is now correct - check your book
 - Research for Fire Spiral of Al'Kabor (Wizard) is now correct - check your book
 - The Magician Burnout series has been made a bit better.
 - The reagent for Burnout III has been removed (Magician) Tuyen's Songs (Bard) have had their damage increased.
 - New Bard Songs have been added to vendors.
 - New Wizard Spell "Bonds of Force" on Wizard vendors.
 - Mana Sieve (Enchanter) has been changed. It is now an instant spell (instead of a DOT) and costs less mana (with less effect).
 
 If all of the changes prove effective, we will be updating the live servers with this data on Tuesday morning of the 29th.
 
 - The EverQuest Team

-----------------------

 July 7, 1999

(NOTE: auto-translated from Japanese, from http://web.archive.org/web/20010312012034/http://www3.jcss.net/~rpg/eqi/news/99-7-1.htm)

Note, Important, Please Read

Made a temporary change to the Test server rules to test the new PvP team code. This test lasts about a week. If you play during this period, please understand that this is a PvP situation and will be killed by the player. If you don't like this, it is recommended that you play on a regular server until you return the Test server to normal rules.

In addition to testing the PvP team code, we will also try to balance the initial team and the range of possible PK levels. Please be aware that these items may change at any time.

The team is organized as follows:

    Team1: High Elf, Wood Elf, Half Elf
    Team2: Dwarf, Gnome, Halfling
    Team3: Human, Barbarian, Erudite
    Team4: Ogre, Troll, Dark Elf 

Members of one team are killed by members of the other three teams, but cannot be killed in the same team.

PvP level limit is set to +/- 8 for Rallos Zek (normal PvP server) +/- 4 for this server.

The following is a brief list of new changes:

    PvP's effect of Faction is removed until an attacker flag can be introduced (if we decide to do so).
    If you are killed by a person with PK flag ON (+ PvP), you will be revived in the state of Mana0. This is considered "nuked mage syndrome".
    Increased Warrior's Hit Point, inherent magic resistance, and the chance of hitting critical hits beyond normal critical hits.
    Pets no longer open locked doors.
    When a character revives with resuscitation magic, all the magic on that character is released and replaced with a “ressurrection effect” that disappears over time. This is to prevent you from participating in battle immediately after resuscitation.
    Before moving this patch to a regular server, document changes to the client and server.
    Also, the upgrade to Rogue is still being tuned--Apply Poison is technically complete, but this is up to Make Poison as Make Poison is in the final tuning phase. 


July 13, 1999 Test Server patch

(NOTE: from https://groups.google.com/d/msg/alt.games.everquest/oX2aZ7Mf7NA/Royw0kCvyEwJ and http://web.archive.org/web/20020206130950/http://eqvault.ign.com/archive/19990711.shtml) (Test server notes)

    Root spells will now overwrite spells with both positive and negative 

movement components in a more consistent pattern.

    Banish Undead and Banish Summoned (LVL 49 CLERIC, NECROMANCER, MAGICIAN, DRUID, etc.) have been changed from All or Nothing saving throws to a regular saving throws. This will make them easier to use against high level creatures.
    Magician summoning spells that produce multiple items have been changed to summon more items as the Magician's level increases.
    All Poison and Disease DOT spells have received tuning.
    Druid DOT's (stinging swarm series) has been adjusted to do more damage over a shorter period of time.
    Immolate (DRUID) now does more damage, but has a shorter duration.
    Mesmerization (ENCHANTER) has been changed to a straight AOE radius spell - it will no longer hang in the area. The AOE radius has been increased, as has the range.
    Ice (LVL 49 DRUID) has been changed from an AOE spell to a single target DD spell.
    Rage (SHAMAN) has been upgraded to a LVL 49 spell - Fury remains level 34.
    Invisibility spells (Invisibility, Gather Shadows, Camouflage, etc.) will now blink before they wear off.
    Hitting F1 twice, or /pet target will now target your pet. The Duration on Pack Regeneration (DRUID) has been increased.
    Shield of Lava (MAGICIAN) has had its mana cost reduced.
    The Research entries for Intensify Death and Hungry Earth (NECROMANCER) have been updated.
    New high level Necromancer spells have been added to vendors.
    A new Wizard spell Chill Sight has been added to the Wizard vendors.
    The Magician's Summon Heatstone and Summon Coldstone spells will now work as long as the Stone is held or worn (the spell effect will never wear off).
    The Insight spell (ENCHANTER) now adds Wisdom, not Intelligence. Brilliance still adds Intelligence.
    The Tashan series (ENCHANTER) has had the recasting time reduced.
    Research for higher level spells has been made a bit easier.
    Spells that Add HP now work better on pets.
    The Necromancer's replacement spell for Charm (Screaming Terror) is on the vendors. Play with this spell - it is different from any other spell of this type that you have ever seen.
    Shrink (SHAMAN) has been put in to the game. It is a Level 19 spell, and available in all Shaman starting cities. This spell will only be castable in dungeons. It will not leave an icon on your screen - Shrink will last until you zone.
    High level Bard song (LVL 40+) will be slightly easier to sing (less missed notes). 

July 16, 1999 Test Server patch

(NOTE: Japanese source here: http://web.archive.org/web/http://www3.jcss.net/~rpg/eqi/news/99-7-16.htm)

(NOTE: English source found here: http://web.archive.org/web/20020206130950/eqvault.ign.com/archive/19990711.shtml)

New Patch Message

The EverQuest Patch Server was updated with the following message:

July 16th, 5:00pm

The following changes and game play enhancements have been made to the Test Server,

    The "r" key will now initiate the "/tell" command.
    The /surname command has been added, which allows a player of 20th level or greater to issue his or her character a last name.
    If a character is knocked unconscious, and has no stamina, the player will still regain consciousness.
    Players are no longer able to cast Shadowstep next to a zone point and teleport to an area past the teleport region, which is inaccessible to other characters.
    If a player is too far from a corpse while attempting to perform the /loot command, a message will now be given.
    If the user was under the effect of either Treeform or Minor Illusion, then had Spirit of Wolf cast on them, the player would be able to move in their altered state - This is no longer possible.
    If a character is blinded, the chat box will no longer flash.
    The Eye of Zomm now allows the caster to travel up and down.
    If a shuriken or throwing knife is equipped, then unequipped, the weapon will no longer remain on the character model.
    When player dispels minor illusion, the character's weapons will no longer disappear from the character model.
    Monk trainers will now train Instill Doubt. 

- The EverQuest Team 

……………………………………………………………

July 26th, 1999 Plane of Fear launched

(NOTE: Japanese source here: http://web.archive.org/web/20001006140853/http://www3.jcss.net/~rpg/eqi/news/99-7-16.htm )

(NOTE: English source found here: http://web.archive.org/web/20010422010411/home.tampabay.rr.com/estembler/tristram/tristram_eqnews.htm )

July 26th, 8:30pm

The EverQuest servers will be coming down at 7:00 AM Pacific, tomorrow morning for an update. The estimated downtime is approximately 2 hours. This update will require a minor client-side download. The following enhancements and new features will be activated once the update is complete.
General Announcements

We are currently in the process of finishing up final internal testing for Tallon Zek, the new PvP-Teams server. We expect that it should be coming on-line this week. Once the date nears, a better estimate on the time of launch and further information regarding the Tallon Zek server will be made available.

The Fear Plane is now on-line. However, before adventuring to the Fear Plane, we advise you to heed the following advice:

Traveling the planes is not like visiting a dungeon. People die in dungeons.

People die hard on the planes.

Dying on a plane means that you might die in a place where your body may be extremely hard to recover, or in an area that you have no idea how to get back to. Big, nasty monsters will jump you at inopportune times, spells may work differently and once valid tactics might go right out the window.

The planes are dangerous places to adventure, and massive player slaughter will happen on a regular basis.

We are not saying this to goad you in to going - this is an honest disclaimer. So don't say we didn't warn you.
Trade Skill Enhancements

    Baking Chocolate and Fish Head Soup now work as designed.
    Pottery has been enhanced by new items that can be made through the trade skill that will help the player-driven economy. Additionally, some of the profits of other pottery made items have been adjusted to facilitate this change.
    Make and apply poison is now working in the game. To apply poison a Rogue must sit and click a piercing weapon on a poison to apply it. When the Rogue attacks there is a chance the creature will become poisoned. The poison will need to be reapplied if the player changes zones. 

New Features

    The ability to report player whom are harassing has been implemented. This is done by typing "/report" - the previous 10 lines of text will be saved to the server for Customer Support representatives to review. This command may only be performed once while on-line, you must then log out and back in to use it again.
    The "r" key will now initiate a reply to the last player whom sent the user a tell.
    The /surname command has been added, which allows a player of 20th level or greater to issue his or her character a last name.
    When a player consumes alcohol, a message will be given to players within the area. 

Game Play Enhancements

    If a character is knocked unconscious, and has no stamina, the player will still regain consciousness.
    Players are no longer able to cast Shadowstep next to a zone point and teleport to an area past the teleport region, which is inaccessible to other characters.
    If a player is too far from a corpse while attempting to perform the /loot command, a message will now be given.
    If the user was under the effect of either Treeform or Minor Illusion, then had Spirit of Wolf cast on them, the player would be able to move in their altered state - This is no longer possible.
    If the Eye of Zomm makes contact with a zone-point, the spell will immediately wear off.
    Players may now target Drakes much easier.
    Several "Safe Zones" have been Fixed.
    A number of quests have been both enhanced and added.
    Helmet colors are now displayed properly on Barbarians.
    If a character is blinded, the chat box will no longer flash.
    If a shuriken or throwing knife is equipped, then unequipped, the weapon will no longer remain on the character model.
    Monk trainers will now train Instill Doubt. 

Spell Additions and Enhancements

    The Eye of Zomm now allows the caster to travel up and down.
    When player dispels minor illusion, the character's weapons will no longer disappear from the character model.
    Some 44th and 49th Damage spells have had slight modifications made to them:
    Gasping Embrace (Enchanter) has been re-tuned in the style of other DoT spells to make it more party friendly.
    Retribution (Cleric) has had a typo fixed, and does about ten percent less damage now.
    Ice (Druid) has had its damage lowered by a few points to match the damage done by Starfire.
    Rend (Wizard) is now available on certain Wizard vendors (lvl 49 spell)
    Shock of Swords (Magician) now does more damage.
    Succor's (DRUID) casting cost has been raised to match the casting cost of the Circle, Evacuate and Portal spells.
    Wizard Portal and Evac spells have had their AoE radius range upped to match Druid Circle spells.
    Necromancer research components that did not previously stack should now stack.
    The Bug that allowed Screaming Terror to work Outdoors has been fixed.
    Vampiric Curse (NECROMANCER) damage has been upped.
    Share Wolf Form (DRUID) has had its Area Effect Radius reduced. This means that party members who want to be turned into wolves should stand near the caster, while those that do not should stand further away.
    Hitting F1 twice, or /pet target will now target your pet.
    The Duration on Pack Regeneration (DRUID) has been increased.
    Shrink (SHAMAN) has been put in to the game. It is a Level 19 spell, and available in all Shaman starting cities. This spell will only be castable in dungeons. It will not leave an icon on your screen - Shrink will last until you zone.
    A Quest for Ice Comet has been added.
    A Quest to help casters with research has been added. Good aligned races should check North Karana, while those with a more malign disposition should check South Ro. 

- The EverQuest Team

-----------------------

Jul 27, 1999 (date might not be precise)

The Fear Plane is now on-line. However, before adventuring to the Fear
Plane, we advise you to heed the following advice:

Traveling the planes is not like visiting a dungeon. People die in dungeons.

People die hard on the planes.

Dying on a plane means that you might die in a place where your body may be
extremely hard to recover, or in an area that you have no idea how to get
back to. Big, nasty monsters will jump you at inopportune times, spells may
work differently and once valid tactics might go right out the window.

The planes are dangerous places to adventure, and massive player slaughter
will happen on a regular basis.

We are not saying this to goad you in to going - this is an honest
disclaimer. So don't say we didn't warn you.

-----------------------

 August 10, 1999 Patch

(NOTE: Japanese source here: http://web.archive.org/web/20001006140853/http://www3.jcss.net/~rpg/eqi/news/99-8-1.htm)

(NOTE: English source found here: http://web.archive.org/web/20010422010411/home.tampabay.rr.com/estembler/tristram/tristram_eqnews.htm)

August 10th, 5:00pm

    Box of Abu-Kar Update* 

We will NOT be removing the Box of Abu-Kar from player's inventories as previously mentioned. A decision was made to allow the item to remain.

- The EverQuest Team


August 9th, 6:30pm

The servers will be coming down tomorrow at 7 AM, Pacific, for an update. A list of the updates will be posted on the in-game news tomorrow morning. The approximate downtime is 2 hours.
Fear Plane Update

Due to an influx of shallow souls into the Plane of Fear, Cazic Thule has banished all mortals below level 46, from this point forward, from entering. In addition, Cazic has further refined the combat abilities of his minions within the Plane. These changes will begin to take effect after the update is complete.
Guild News

We are aware of the guild problems (unknown guild tags over characters) which are occurring on a few of the servers. Our programming team is in the process of fixing this problem, and it should be moving over to the live servers early next week, pending thorough testing.

To accommodate the increase in new guild requests, beginning tonight, guilding will be occurring every night at 6pm, Pacific.
Update News

The update that will be performed on the servers tomorrow morning will include a few additional enhancements, of which are listed below.

    A zone crash problem.
    An enhancement to the Fear Plane which includes, a base limit of level 46 for entry into the Fear Plane, and NPC encounter adjustments.
    Paralyzing Earth now Wizard and Necromancer useable
    The Mana cost on some Magician damage shields has been slightly reduced
    Alter Plane: Hate and Alter Plane: Sky have been changed into higher level spells.
    Succor: Ro (Druid) is now a level 39 spell (previously a typo as a level 49 spell)
    Curse of the Simple Mind (Enchanter) now lowers both Int AND Wis.
    Shadow Vortex (Necro) should be more effective. 

- The EverQuest Team
August 10, 1999 Abu-Kar update

(NOTE: Auto-translated from Japanese from this website: http://web.archive.org/web/20001006140853/http://www3.jcss.net/~rpg/eqi/news/99-8-1.htm)

8/10, 5:00 pm

    Box of Abu-Kar Update * 

Box of Abu-Kar will not be removed from player inventory. I decided to leave that item.
August 26, 1999

(NOTE: English version found here: http://web.archive.org/web/20010210085939/www.eqic.net/patches.htm)

The Test Server has now been converted to a PvP-teams server for testing purposes. In addition, the following changes have been made.

    PvP spell damage is 60 percent that of player vs NPC damage.
    If a player is rooted by another player, then hit by a spell from another player, the root effect is removed.
    Experience is no longer lost when dying to a DoT spell only on the Pvp and PvP-teams server.
    It is no longer possible to loot from a player's weapon or ammo slots.
    When a warrior is dual wielding whips, both hands will lash out when attacking.
    If a character unsuccessfully cast Minor Illusion, the Minor Illusion Icon would appear and the character would be unable to move. This will no longer occur. 

We have also added approximately 70 new text emotes. For information regarding the new emotes, please refer to the EverQuest_Manual in your EverQuest directory.

- The EverQuest Team

Also:

We will be converting the Test server over to the PvP-teams rules beginning at 10 am PDT, tomorrow morning. It is estimated that Test will remain a PvP-teams server for the next 1-2 weeks.

Listed below are some enhancements made to the Test server recently.

    Rangers may now perform critical hits with bows - this will begin at level 12.
    The Dodge and Parry skill caps for Rangers have been raised significantly.
    Rogues may now perform critical hits with throwing weapons. - this will also begin at level 12.
    The ability to apply poison at lower levels was increased significantly for Rogues. 

- The EverQuest Team

Also:

As many of you know, a change to reduce kiting made on the Test server. If a creature is pursuing the user or it's target and it is not fleeing, it will not take damage from a DoT spell. If the creature is rooted, meleeing etc, it will take damage from a DoT.

Example: A Shaman casts spirit of the wolf on himself, then affliction on a creature. The Shaman is careful to run ahead of the creature to keep it in pursuit of him but just out of melee range. While the creature pursues the shaman and is not in melee range, the creature takes no damage from affliction.

Example: A Shaman casts Affliction on a creature. The creature engages either the shaman or his warrior buddy in combat. The monster will take full affliction DOT damage. If a creature stops to cast a spell or use an ability or engage in melee, or is rooted or fleeing, that creature takes full damage from all DOT spells. If a creature is chasing its target and its target is out of melee range, the creature takes no DOT damage.

- The EverQuest Team
August 31, 1999

(NOTE: English version found here: http://web.archive.org/web/20010210085939/www.eqic.net/patches.htm)

(UPDATE: And here: http://web.archive.org/web/20001206015200/http://www.eqtrade.com/cgi/news.pl?id=4 )

We apologize for the short notice for this Server Update, but it was necessary to correct some problems that had arisen.
This server side patch contains the following:
 
 1. Rangers now get Critical Hits with Bows.
 2. Rogues now get Critical Hits with Thrown Weapons.
 3. Parry and Dodge Skill Caps for Rangers have been raised.
 4. The DoT bug realted to not getting experience or a corpse has been fixed.
 5. New PvP rules: You can no longer loot any weapons that the victim had equipped in his primary, secondary, or ranged weapon slots.
 
Please note: This patch DOES NOT contain any changes to Necromancer's Pets, OR the Kiting/DoT changes.
 
A warning message, "You feel yourself begin to appear." is displayed before invisibility wears off.


——————————
September 13, 1999
——————————

Bug Fixes:
- Players levitating should be easier for other PCs to see.
- When charmed/feared and killed players should not be returned to the
character selection screen.
- Lore items in containers that are dropped should not be destroyed.
- Charged items, such as the Staff of the Observers, should correctly
report the number of charges remaining after zoning.
- Corpses should remain lootable even if a player goes linkdead while
looting
- A player under the effect of charm or fear can no longer open their
spellbook or sit in order to escape the effects of these spells.
- A player using online help should no longer be locked into the help
screen if another party initiates a trade.
- Non-melee items equipped in weapon slots should no longer mutate if
the pc is charmed.
- Extremely large NPCs, ie Vox, should not suicide when stuck.

New emotes:
- Here is a list of new emotes that have been added to the game: agree,
amaze, apologize, applaud, plead, bite, bleed, blink, blush, boggle,
bonk, bored, brb, burp, bye, cackle, calm, clap, comfort, congratulate,
cough, cringe, curious, dance, drool, duck, eye, gasp, giggle, glare,
grin, groan, grovel, happy, hungry, introduce, jk (just kidding),
kneel, lost, massage, moan, mourn, peer, point, ponder, puzzle, raise,
ready, roar, salute, shiver, shrug, sigh, smirk, snarl, snicker, stare,
tap, tease, thank, thirsty, veto, welcome, whine, whistle, yawn.

PVP Changes:
- In order to make PVP combat between spellcasters and melee types more
viable some changes to PVP spell effects have been made. All damage
spells cast in PVP combat will do less damage to the PC than the same
spell would do to an NPC. When a PC is under the effect of a root-type
spell there is a 20% chance that they will break free when a direct
damage spell is cast upon them.

Spell Changes:
- Levitate: All players may now cancel this effect.
- Paralyzing Earth now Wizard and Necromancer useable.
- The Mana cost on some Magician damage shields has been slightly
reduced.
- Alter Plane: Hate and Alter Plane: Sky have been changed into higher
level spells.
- Succor: Ro (Druid) is now a level 39 spell (previously a typo as a
level 49 spell.
- Curse of the Simple Mind (Enchanter) now lowers both Int AND Wis.
- Selo`s Consonant Chain (Bard) should now work better.
- Shadow Vortex (Necro) is more effective.
- Screaming Terror is now an all or nothing save. This should stop the
‘train’ problems that it was causing.
- Gravity Flux will now research correctly for Wizards.
- Lich and Bond of Death are now researchable for Necromancers check
your tomes.
- The different types of Words of Collection and Words of Acquisition
are now more easily identifiable.
- Dead Man Walking (Necromancer) has been renamed Dead Man Floating.
- Ignite Bones (Necromancer) has had the movement component removed.
This means that it will no longer break root and snare spells, and that
it will now stack with the darkness line.
- Syvelian`s Anti-Magic Aria (Bard) has been fixed.
- A bug in some of the AoE code has been fixed. AoE spells will now
effect more monsters.
- Some Magician Summoned items are now lore items. Items that have
turned lore have had other small benefits added to them.
- Dance of the Fireflies (Druid) has been changed from Divination to
Conjuration.
- Rangers have gained the spell Dance of the Fireflies (level 15)
- High Level Enchanter Illusion spells have had the remainder of their
effects implemented.
- Magi research components have been added to more monsters throughout
the world.
- There is a new pet command: /pet taunt and /pet notaunt. Pets default
to /pet taunt
- The Rods for the Ice Comet quests will now pop much more often.
- Envenomed Breath (Shaman) has had its damage raised slightly.
- Scourge (Necromancer and Shaman) has had its damage raised slightly.
- Enchantment of Light and Enchantment of Brilliance (Enchanter) have
been replaced by new enchantment spells. These spells have been added
to a hidden vendor somewhere in the game.
- New quests for Necromancers to research their pets have been added.

Pets:
- High level pets (44th and 49th lvl spells) do less damage
- Pets will now navigate some outdoor and dungeon areas better

DoT Changes:
- If the monster is in melee with you, there is no change to how a DoT
spell works.
- If the monster is running away from you (fear, wounded, etc.), there
is no change to how a DoT spell works.
- If the monster is moving when the damage from the DoT is applied
(happens every few seconds), it will take 66% of the damage that it
would have taken.
- DoT spells have all had their duration slightly increased. If the
monster moves for 18 seconds during a fight, it will take as much
damage from the DoT as it would before the patch. If the monster moves
for less then 18 seconds during a fight, your DoT will do more damage
then it would have done before the patch. If the monster moves more
then 18 seconds during the fight, it will take less damage then it
would have before the patch.

……………………………………………………………

 September 14, 1999

(NOTE: From here: http://web.archive.org/web/20010210085939/www.eqic.net/patches.htm)
Trade Skills:

    Tailoring: More items have been added to the trade skill. The instructions on how to make the new items were also added. The difficulty of some tailor-made items was lowered making them easier to produce. New patterns now exist to round out the tailor-made items.
    Brewing: New liquor can now be made. The instructions are hinted at in the game.
    Pottery: The Mortar and Pestle is now droppable and Vials are now stackable
    Bowyer: More slots have been added to the Fletching Kit. Dual-cam bows have been added.
    Fletching: The range of normal store-bought arrows has been reduced. Players may now make a cheaper more effective arrow with the fletching skill. Nock vendors now sell all arrow components. 

Items:

    Lustrous Russet Armor, the Hero Bracer, Order of Thunder and the Box of Abu-Kar have been returned to their previous statistics. 

Also:

We apologize for the unexpected server downtime. We try to avoid unscheduled downtime, but it is at times unavoidable.

There has been no change to spell damage other than those detailed in the DoT and PvP sections of the patch notes below. However, if you are testing spell damage by casting on yourself the numbers returned will be reduced by the changes made to PvP combat. The damage done to an NPC remains unchanged. 

-----------------------

——————————
September 22, 1999
——————————

Magic:
- Illusion: Werewolf (enchanter) now stacks with other attack speed
spells.
- Casting times on the higher level Ward series (Cleric, Magician,
Necromancer & Druid) have been slightly lowered.
- The Lich (Necromancer) spell will now provide more mana.
- Surge of Enfeeblement (Necromancer) should now work consistently.
- Enchanter Wolf Illusion is now Outdoors only.
- Paralyzing Earth can now be scribed by Necromancers.
- Thicken and Crystallize Mana now produce their proper potions.
- All research quest combinations should now work.
- Eyes of the Cat now provides infravision as the description states.

General:
- Summoned food and water will now disappear when the user logs out.
- If the player is under the effect of Minor Illusion, and exits the
game, upon reentry to the game, the Minor Illusion icon will remain.
- Summoned items will no longer remain indefinitely when placed within
a bag in the bank.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
September 28, 1999
——————————

The following changes have been implemented with the latest patch, most
importantly, changes to corpse resurrection. It should be noted that
all corpses generated previous to this patch may not be resurrected,
however, all corpses generated from this point forward may be
resurrected with the changes listed below applying.

- Corpses that are older than 2 hours cannot be resurrected.
- Corpses that are produced from a duel cannot be resurrected after 10
minutes.

General Enhancements
- A Yes/No request window is now brought up when ever turning in the PK
note to the Priest of Discord.
- It is now possible to manually reorganize icons within the spell
book. This may be performed by right-clicking on the currently placed
icon (the icon will then be highlighted), then right-clicking on the
desired slot you wish to move it.
- Pet damage inflicted during PvP combat has been slightly reduced.
- It is now possible to place items marked as “No Drop” in the bank.
- NPC corpses will only remain for 8 minutes, even while looting.
- If a party member goes link-dead, the remaining members will be
notified.
- Pets with less than 20 hit points cannot receive hit point buffs.
- When viewing an invisible PC with See Invisible, the name will be
shown in parentheses over the character.
- All beneficial speed spells may be canceled left-clicking on the
spell icon.
- We have also made revisions to the /text command section of the
EverQuest manual.

Fennin Ro Specific Enhancements
- Experience and looting rights is now awarded based on group aggregate
damage (i.e. If a group’s combined damage if greater than an individual
player, the group members will be given the exp. and looting rights).
We will be gathering the results of this data throughout the day, and
if need be, incorporate this change on other “live” servers.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 13, 1999
——————————

Optional Patch

- A new zone, The Temple of Solusek Ro, is now available via the
optional patch.

General Enhancements
- Experience and looting rights are now awarded for group aggregate
damage. This is now true for ALL servers. We still consider this
change in ‘TEST’ and will conduct a poll as to whether it positively
addresses the kill stealing situation in approximately 2 weeks.
- As mentioned on Saturday, Rubicite armor will no longer spawn. The
new class specific quests to obtain the new armor are now in for each
class that could wear Rubicite.
- Journeyman’s Boots will no longer spawn where they did but rather are
the products of a quest.
- To address trade fraud (players removing items/money immediately
prior to trading to deceive the other player), items/money may only be
removed by clicking on the “Cancel” button.
- When receiving a text message from either an NPC or PC speaking in a
language other than “Common Tongue”, if the user’s language skill is
high enough, the language being spoken will be noted preceding the
text.
- The fishing pole will now appear in the player’s hand whenever the
fishing skill is used.
- A number of quests were both added and enhanced throughout the zones.

Trade Skills
- A number of new items have been added to Blacksmithing.

Spell Enhancements
- Some of the Items that Magicians summon with their spells have been
made better or had their effects increased.
- Fufil’s Curtailing Chant, Tuyen’s Chant of Flame and Tuyen’s Chant of
Frost have all had their effects slightly increased.
- The Burnout Series has had the negative HP component reduced
(improvement) and the stat buff increased (improvement). Because of
this, the spells are no longer permanent. They now have a 15 minute
duration. Burnout III has also had its casting cost reduced.
- Illusion: Werewolf attack speed component now works as intended.
- Insipid Weakness will research as intended.

……………………………………………………………

October 20, 1999

(NOTE: From here: http://web.archive.org/web/20010210085939/www.eqic.net/patches.htm)

10/20, 8:00 am

The Following enhancements have been made with the update:
General Enhancements

    If a user is killed due to self-inflicted spell or melee damage, experience will be lost.
    When using a levitation spell, players are now vulnerable to attack from both waterbound and landbound creatures
    A number of enhancements have been made to balance the class specificarmor quests implemented last week.
    A bug was resolved which resulted in a quest reward not being given approximately 1 percent of the time.
    This has been fixed. 

Spell Enhancements

    Spirit Cap has been made slightly more mana-efficent. 

Announcements

    Transfer of Accounts and in-game Properties (Ebay, etc.) 

This is a reminder that, as per the EverQuest License Agreement, ownership transfer of accounts, characters, items (except for in-game trading/selling/buying), and any other game related properties are expressly forbidden. Doing so is in violation of the License, done at your own risk, and we (989 Studios/Sony Online Entertainment/Verant) are not responsible for any issues resulting from such a transaction, including but not limited to fraud, sales of banned or suspended characters, purchased character's bad reputations, etc.

    High Risk Areas and Corpse Retrievals 

This is a reminder that the following zones/encounter types are high risk and may result in irretrievable corpses: The Plane of Fear, Dragon Encounters (Vox/Nagafen), and the forthcoming zones, the Plane of Hate and the Plane of Sky. Should members of your party fall in battle it may be extremely difficult, if not impossible, to recover their corpses (for example, they might be at the feet of a big red dragon). GMs and Guides can only help with Corpse Retrievals if there is a bug involved, and while this is true for all areas in the game, because of the extreme danger of the Planes and Dragon Encounters, we felt it important to remind our players of these issues.

    NPC Spawning Issues 

This is a reminder that some NPCs are part of what we call 'encounter tables', in which only one encounter (NPC(s)) are present at any given time. Thus, while searching for rare and hidden NPCs throughout the world, it may be necessarily to slay common NPCs in the area you are searching in order to get the rare NPC to appear.

- The EverQuest Team

10-21-99

Listed below are two changes that went up yesterday which we forgot to mention:

    Cancel Magic may only be used on group members.
    Dragons are now able to see invisible. 

- The EverQuest Team

-----------------------

 October 28, 1999

(NOTE: from https://groups.google.com/d/msg/alt.games.everquest/V7mxSVQkiFM/xSpY3JS52poJ)

October 28th, 7:00am
General Enhancements

User Adjustable Clipping-plane

We have recently implemented a user adjustable clipping-plane. This will allow players with higher-end hardware to move out the distance at which the 3D world geometry is drawn into view, as well as the ability for players with lower-end hardware to pull this distance in, to further improve frame-rate. To utilize this new feature, you may do so by adjusting the clipping-plane slider bar located in the "Options"-"Display" directory, in-game. Sliding the bar left will reduce the distance at which the geometry is drawn in to view, whereas sliding the bar to the right will expand this distance. The following rules apply as to which zones the adjustable clipping-plane may be used in:

- The clipping-plane can be pushed back in outdoor zones only.

- Zones designed with heavy fog (e.g. tox, innothule, etc), the clipping-plane can only be adjusted slightly.

Additional chat filters have been added to filter out any unwanted text.
Zone Enhancements

Kedge Keep has been enhanced with both new items and creatures. Please keep in mind, Kedge Keep was tested thoroughly in-house only, therefore, some additional tuning enhancements may need to be made now that it is available on the live servers.
Class Enhancements

Warrior - % increase on critical hits

Rogue - +8 poison resistance

Paladin - +8 disease resistance

Ranger - +4 Fire +4 Cold resistance

ShadowKnight - +4 Poison +4 Disease resistance

Monk - +8 Fire resistance


Shadowknights may now use the following spells:

    LifeTap may now be cast at level 9.
    LifeSpike may now be cast at level 15.
    LifeDraw may now be cast at level 30. 

The LifeTap, LifeSpike, and LifeDraw spell scrolls may be purchased from any ShadowKnight spell vendor.

To make room for these new spells, the following spells are no longer available for ShadowKnights:

    Reclaim Energy
    Mend Bones
    Voice Graft 

Spell Enhancements

    Level 35+ casters will now automatically meditate while sitting.
    Invoke Fear (Necromancer, Enchanter, SK, and Cleric) has both had it's casting time and mana cost reduced.
    Charm spells now message the message when they break (Enchanter, Bard, Necromancer, Druid)
    Magician pets now have new spells.
    Ensnare (Druid) has had it's casting time reduced.
    High level Necromancer and Magician pets now look different.
    Illusions (Enchanter) have had their duration increased.
    Tishan and Markar's Clash spells (Wizard) have had their casting times reduced.
    Some in-game Bardic instruments have had their stats increased to appropriate levels. Items effected are the Minotaur horn, Small Brass Trumpet, and the Drum. Some non-magic instruments have been made magic. These are the Mistmoore Battle Drums, the Lute of the Gypsy Princess and Kelin's Practice Lute.
    Bards with magic gloves and magic instruments may now punch creatures that require magic to damage. 

New Emote Animations

The following emotes now have unique animations:

/bored /yawn /agree /amaze

/boggle /gasp /apologize /plead

/grovel /applaud /clap /bleed

/hungry /blush /cackle /chuckle

/giggle /snicker /cough /burp

/cringe /duck /curious /puzzled

/stare /dance /veto /disbelief

/snarl /glare /peer /whistles

/drool /kneel /point /shrug

/ponder /raise /ready /salute

/shiver /tap /thanks /bow


Item Enhancements

- A number of existing high-level weapons models have been replaced with new, much more visually appealing versions.


Trade Skill Enhancements

Enhancements have been made to the Tinkering trade skill to facilitate underwater breathing.

- The EverQuest Team

-----------------------

——————————
November 1, 1999
——————————

[Kunark News Release]

EVERQUEST POSITIONED TO AGAIN CONQUER ONLINE WORLD WITH EVERQUEST: THE
RUINS OF KUNARK EXPANSION PACK
- Expansion Pack Features All-New Continent, More Than 20 New Adventure
Zones and an Enhanced 3D Engine -
FOSTER CITY, Calif., November 1, 1999 -

989 Studios, a Sony Computer Entertainment Group Company, announced
today that its highly anticipated EverQuest®: The Ruins of Kunark™
expansion pack, which is an add-on to the most successful online role
playing game ever released – EverQuest -will be available in March
2000. The expansion pack will provide the more than 225,000 current
EverQuest gamers with an all-new continent, more than 20 new adventure
zones, numerous characters, an additional playable race and an enhanced
3D engine.

“EverQuest has a wildly devoted fan base who are constantly craving new
challenges and experiences in the massive world of EverQuest,” said
Jeffrey Fox, vice president, marketing, 989 Studios. “EverQuest: The
Ruins of Kunark continues the legacy of EverQuest and takes it many
steps further with a more detailed world that offers 40 percent more
gameplay and breathtaking graphics.”

EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark takes players on a mystical quest to the
continent of Kunark, home of the Iksar race. On the continent, players
face all-new challenges and rewards in their quest for dominance and
survival. EverQuest fans can get more information and an early look at
EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark by visiting the exclusive expansion pack
web site at www.everquest.com/kunark.

Existing EverQuest players will be able to purchase the expansion pack
directly online; pricing information is currently under discussion. New
players will be able to purchase a retail version, which will include
all aspects of the original EverQuest, along with the increased
features included in the expansion pack EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark.

989 Studios – EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark

EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark Key Features

New continent “Kunark,” located south of Faydwer
More than 20 new adventure zones featuring both beginner and advanced
zones including: lakes, jungles, crypts, caves, dungeons, ancient
towers and underground castles
New playable race, the Iksar (Lizardman)
A new cast of visually stunning non-player characters; grey dragons,
reptilian monsters, giant scorpions, man-eating plants and more
More object animations featured throughout Kunark that include
earthquakes and other violent natural phenomena
A highly detailed world with three times the amount of polygons and
larger textures than the EverQuest world
All-new ships that will sail from both Antonica and Faydwer to Kunark
Newly created art by famous fantasy artist Keith Parkinson
Increased level difficulty range allows players to advance further in
the game.

The most successful online role-playing game ever released, EverQuest
features a multitude of adventures and quests with an interactive
storyline that evolves according to a player’s individual decisions.
Players can choose to begin the game in any of the three continents,
with more than 90 adventure zones and 13 cities. Each of these
continents feature: diverse species, economic systems, alliances and
politics. Throughout this adventure, players form groups, strategic
alliances and gather magical artifacts in their perilous and exciting
quest to conquer the world of Norrath.

The Station@sony.com is the official provider of EverQuest, with
software updates and news about the game, message boards and other
community features, as well as an easy-to-use billing system for
EverQuest’s monthly subscription fee of $9.89.

Verant Interactive is an independent development studio that develops
cutting-edge online games. Based in San Diego, California, Verant
Interactive has a staff of over 70 employees who consist of the
development teams responsible for the online games Tanarus and
EverQuest.

989 Studios, a Sony Computer Entertainment Group Company, is a wholly-
owned division of Sony Computer Entertainment America Inc. and is the
third-largest PlayStation® software publisher in North America.
Headquartered in Foster City, California, with additional development
studios in San Diego and Santa Monica, 989 Studios develops software
for the PlayStation game console and online markets. 989 Studios is a
recognized leader in the entertainment software industry, with top
franchise titles such as NFL GameDay™, Twisted Metal®, Jet Moto®, Cool
Boarders® and EverQuest™.

-----------------------

November 3, 1999 Plane of Hate opens

(NOTE: From here: http://web.archive.org/web/20010210085939/www.eqic.net/patches.htm)

Listed below are the enhancements introduced in this patch.
Item Enhancements

The entire set of the Armor or Ro (Paladin class specific armor) and Darkforge (ShadowKnight class armor) has received an increase in AC.
Class Enhancements

Rogue Specific

    The minimum backstab damage is now same as their level.
    Rogue poison now procs on first chance after it is applied - it is no longer random. 

Zone Enhancements

Following the Halloween event which took place on Sunday night, the Plane of Hate was officially opened with new unique armor, weapons, and items. Please note, to enter the Plane of Hate, you must be at least 46th level or greater.

In addition, the EverQuest patch program has been altered such that there is no longer a seperate "Optional Patch" request window. The Optional patch may now be selected via a button on the standard patch window.

- The EverQuest Team

-----------------------

November 15, 1999

(NOTE: From here: http://web.archive.org/web/20010210085939/www.eqic.net/patches.htm)

Due to the Sprint router problem, which is resulting in players being unable to connect to the EverQuest servers, we have decided to perform the update which was originally scheduled for tomorrow morning, to now.
PvP and PvP-Teams

Any spell that results in a "Fear" or "Charm" effect may no longer be cast on other players. Please note that this change will only be active on Rallos Zek (PvP), Tallon Zek, and Vallon Zek (PvP-Teams).

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

> November 16th, 4:30pm
> ---------------------
>
> Feign Death was recently changed by the Tuning Team to reflect evolving
> gameplay issues. Since two of the three classes that get Feign Death get
it
> through spells, I thought this might be a good place to explain the
changes.
>
> Previously, when you used Feign Death (and assuming you cast the spell
> successfully or, in the case of the Monk, made your skill roll) hostile
> monsters would decided that you were dead and wander off. When you later
> got up, they would still remember that they were angry with you. If you
> were within sight, they would immediately come after you. If not, they
> would come after you at some later point. This might happen within a few
> minutes, or could happen even a few hours later. The only way to be
> absolutely sure that a monster had forgotten about you was to zone.
>
> With our new changes, about a third of the time that you successfully
Feign
> Death, the monster will immediately forget about you, similar to an
> Enchanter casting Memory Blur. If they do NOT forget about you, they will
> immediately come after you when you stand up. No more monsters coming
back
> at irregular amounts of time - it should be immediate or not at all.
>
> This is a change - the old way, if you Feigned Death a SINGLE TIME, the
> monster would ALWAYS remember you. This way, they remember you about
> two-thirds of the time.
>
> Using the old Feign Death, you could Feign Death multiple times to try to
> confuse the monster. After about seven or eight times doing this, most
> monsters would eventually forget they were mad at you.
>
> With the new Feign Death, if you Feign Death once the monster has about a
65
> percent chance of remembering you. Twice and the monster has about a 50
> percent chance of remembering you. Four times means about 20 percent, and
> six times means about 8 percent. This is very similar to the old Feign
> Death.
>
> Another addition to the new Feign Death involves a monster "going home."
> When you Feign Death, most monsters will return to where they were before
> the fight. If a monster returns to its initial location, it will
> immediately forget about you greater then 90 percent of the time.
> Therefore, if you Feign Death and stay down long enough for a monster to
"go
> home," you should be safe when you stand up a majority of the time. If
the
> monster IS still mad at you, it will return immediately, rather then
> wandering back later at some irregular interval.
>
>
> *FEIGN DEATH UPDATE*
>
> After further testing and watching these changes on the Live verses the
Test
> Server, we will bechanging Feign Death again on the next patch.
>
> New changes will make it so that if the creature is less than level 35,
the
> monster will always forget about you. If the creature greater then level
35,
> then the monster will use the changes detailed above.
>
> - The EverQuest Team


——————————
December 1, 1999 7:00am
——————————

The following changes and enhancements have been introduced with the
latest patch:

*Monk Enhancements*
-The Feign Death changes which were mentioned on November 16th are now
live.

*Spell Enhancements*
-Tishan (Enchanter) and Malise (Magician/Shaman) spells now stack.
-The Pet bug (where if you have a pet, certain monsters can attack its
owner anywhere in the zone) has been fixed.
-Alenia`s Disenchanting Melody (Bard) should now work.
-Screaming Terror (Necromancer) has changed. It is no longer a “Run
Away” Fear spell – instead the targeted creature will cower in terror
until it takes damage (similar to the Enchanter’s Mesmerize spell).
-The Environment limit (Dungeons only) has been removed.
-Pact of Shadow (Necromancer) now has a 12 second recast time
-Summon Waterstone (Magician) has been added to the game.

- The EverQuest Team
*********************************************

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 8, 1999 7:00am
——————————

The following general enhancements have been introduced with this
patch.

- /Pet No Taunt and /pet taunt now works
- Bard Levitation is now working as intended.
- A number of spears are now available to the Shaman class.
- Dazzle and Entrance (enchanter) have had their casting times reduced.
- A number of NPC guards have received an increase in stats.
- Screaming Terror is now functioning as intended.

*Zone Specific Enhancements*

As previously mentioned, Paw becoming a mid-level dungeon is imminent.
So heed our earlier warning!

Both Fear and Hate planes have been enhanced, in terms of how often
loot is dropped by NPCs.

*Race Enhancements*

Barbarians, Ogres and Trolls may now slam magic mobs when equipped with
magic shoulders.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 14, 1999
——————————

- A revision was made to a bug with Dragons, which was introduced with
the patch last week.
- The new Necromancer spell, Summon Corpse, is now live and functioning
as intended.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 21, 1999
——————————

After a week of thorough testing, the Summon Corpse spell is now
functioning properly (we promise!), and available on all servers.

- In addition, it is now possible to cast Cancel Magic on non-grouped
players on the PvP and PvP-teams servers.
- All changes were made on the server-side, therefore no patch is
required.

From everyone on the EverQuest team, and Verant Interactive, we would
like to wish all of you safe and happy holidays.

……………………………………………………………

January 20th, 7:00am
--------------------

*Announcements*

The Plane of Sky is now open!!!  As a reminder to our customers, the alternate
planes of reality do not necessarily follow the same physical or ethereal rules
as Norrath proper.  Enjoy!

Today is patch day! The EverQuest servers have been patched with the following
changes:


*General Changes / Fixes*

- Some changes have been made to the exit of Nagafen's Lair into the Lavastorm
Mountains.  This will hopefully reduce if not solve the bug that causes people
to fall into lava when exiting Nagafen's Lair.  Please let us know how this
goes.

- Due to feedback received from the customers concerning the density of fog
during rainstorms, visibility has been increased.

- All drops of steel weapons have been replaced with higher quality fine-steel
weapons of the same type.  This change was made to reduce the amount of new
currency coming into the world at the mid-to-upper levels.  The fine-steel
weapons are in all cases superior to the steel weapons that were dropping, they
just sell to vendors for less money.

- Casting times have been implemented on several activatable items.   This was
done to correct issues that could arise from people chain-casting these items.

- The safe-point (the point which you return if you fall below the world) in
Kithicor has been moved near the entrance to Rivervale, a safer part of the
zone.

- Corrected a bug that caused AC to be improperly displayed for higher level
  characters.  Your AC should now reflect all of your items.

Additional Bug Fixes:

- Corrected a bug in the client that could cause a crash if you were spammed
with emotes by someone on your /ignore list.
- Corrected a bug that allowed ships to move faster when disarmed
- Corrected a bug that caused the Aqualung to lose its charges if dropped on the
ground.
- Fire Giants in Nagafen's Lair should now recover properly when stuck in lava.
Consider yourself warned.
- The Instill Doubt skill has been disabled on the PvP servers.


*Spell Changes*

- Shadow Vortex is now a "drain" spell.
- Siphon Strength will now stack with strength buffs and debuffs
- Panic the Dead cast and recast delays have been reduced.  In addition, the
spell is less resistable.
- Angstlich's Appalling Screech had its radius increased slightly.
- All Wizard AoE damage and stun spells have had their radius slightly increased
- Yonder will now interact better with levitate.
- Form of the Great Wolf had its speed component increased.
- Terrorize Animal had its casting time reduced and is less resistable.
- New magician's spells have been added.  Check your spell vendors.
- Reoccurring Amnesia has been made more effective.
- NPCs will now treat the "Cancel Magic" series of spells as hostile.
Previously, NPCs did not mind if players dispelled all of their buffs before
attacking.  Now they will.
- The Fear and Charm series of spells now properly notify the caster when they
break.  No, seriously, we're certain this time.
- Harmtouch now does more damage beginning at level 41.


*Levitation Changed*

Due to the implementation of casting times on activatable items, the code that
disallowed refreshing of the Levitation spell while it was active is no longer
necessary and has been backed out.  The Levitate spell may now be refreshed
while the spell is in use.  


*Quests and Items*

- The Armor of Ro should be more obtainable.  We will continue to evaluate and
adjust the rarity of other class-specific armor components to make the pieces
obtainable in a reasonable amount of time.

- We have changed the reward of a newbie quest in the Qeynos area from a level
49 scroll to a level 1 scroll.  The issuance of a level 49 scroll was a typo in
the quest data, allowing new characters to amass an abnormally large amount of
currency.

- The stats on the reward for the Rogue Redemption quest have been increased to
make it better than the favorite dropped-weapon for the level range.

- Ravenscale boots will now drop as frequently as other Ravenscale items.

- The Mask of Deception may now be equipped by the appropriate races.


*Fletching Update*

All arrows created with the new Silver-Tipped Arrowhead (formerly the Bladed
Arrowhead) are now magical in nature, and may be used versus magical creatures.
All existing items in your possession will automatically morph into the new
magical items.  Additionally, each successful attempt to create magical arrows
will yield 10 arrows instead of the previous 5.  As such, the vendor buy-back
value has been decreased accordingly.  


*Paw*

The difficulty of Paw has been decreased.  We found that many of the gnolls in
the new Paw had too many hitpoints, making the dungeon more difficult than it
should have been for the desired level target.  Please let us know how this
change affects the viability of the dungeon.


*The Plane of Fear*

The item-drop percentages in the Plane of Fear have been increased.  This change
was supposed to have occurred in the last patch, however the data was not
exported.  It has been tested and equipment drops are now occurring at a much
higher rate.


*The Plane of Hate*

The item-drop percentages on roaming and fast-spawning NPCs in the Plane of Hate
have been decreased.  Previously, these NPCs used the same drop-percentages as
the slow-spawning NPCs, causing overall drop percentages to be extremely high.

Also, the inhabitants of the Plane of Hate no longer fall for illusions, and
tend to "Hate" everyone.


*Monk Enhancement*

A monk's speed in hand-to-hand combat will now improve with level, beginning in
the high 20s. This will result in higher level monks doing substantially more
damage in a given time-frame.  

Though this change does increase the power of the average monk, it should be
stressed that the monk is now even more in need of true tank classes who have
the ability to taunt upset creatures off them. We want to stress that the "taunt
factor" of a monks fist has NOT been increased, though it may appear so due to
your increased damage.


*Paladin/Shadowknight Enhancement*

Paladins and Shadowknights now have a higher hitpoints and higher skill caps on
Bash and Taunt.

The additional hitpoints will be noticeable for Paladins and SKs over level 25.
This was done because the Paladins, SKs, and Rangers had the same HP base, which
upon further consideration is not compatible with our vision of those classes'
roles.  This change will basically put Paladin and SK HPs midway (in terms of
Hit Points) between rangers and warriors of the same race.

The taunt skill was increased because SKs, and in particular, Paladins had
difficulty taunting opponents off of Rangers, Monks, Rogues, and Warriors due to
their lower damage output.  Though the Paladin and SK will never equal the
warrior in their ability to taunt, this change in addition to some of the
taunting spells should help them become more effective tanks.

Bash was increased because Paladins typically aren't switching to two-handed
weapons, choosing instead to continue using the bash skill. Most warriors, being
ogres, trolls, or barbarians for the most part, do not worry about bash and
instead opt for slam, which uses the same skill. Paladins are typically the only
characters who use a shield throughout their lives.


*Rogue Enhancement*

Whenever a rogue is invisible, whether by spell, potion, or skill, they are now
also invisible to undead.  

This change was made to add a definite class-advantage to the rogue, allowing
them to do something that no other class could do.  It is the first step in a
multi-step process to improve the rogue class.

*Wizard Enhancement*

Level 35 or above wizards will find that their spells (Magic, Cold, or Fire)
much less likely to be resisted.  This effect stacks with the Staff of Temperate
Flux and enchanter, shaman, and magician resistance debuffs.

This change was made to increase the effectiveness of wizards at about the level
that all spell-casting classes start seeing their resistance rates go up.
Wizards specialize in direct magical damage. It makes sense that they should be
better at causing that damage than the other classes.  


*Bard Enhancement*

Bards will now receive the Meditate skill at 10th level.  This skill will be
granted automatically the first time a bard zones after reaching 10th level, and
cannot be trained further.  It will have the effect of decreasing the amount of
time that it takes a Bard to memorize their songs.  Previously, it would take
50th level bards upwards of 2 minutes to memorize a song.  Now it is much
faster.


*Druid Enhancement*

The skill cap on a Druid's tracking skill has been increased.  This change was
implemented based upon general public opinion that the former cap was far too
low for the skill to be even marginally viable.  


*Feign Death and Pets*

After a serious discussion regarding the Necromancer's Feign Death tactic, as
well as reviewing public opinion on the matter, we have implemented a change.
As we would like everyone to understand why we feel this change was necessary,
here is a summary of the issue:

Problem:
Feign death allows you to become an invalid target in all circumstances,
providing offensive tactics that are abusive.  For this ability to remain
balanced, the pet should follow the same rules as invisibility.  Offensive
tactics used by other classes involve the creature getting a saving throw verses
the effect.  Since creatures do NOT get a direct save verses feign death (as you
cast it on yourself), and since you can retry the combat once you have feigned
death, there is very little risk to necromancer himself.  As this tactic
involves charming an NPC and turning it against another NPC, which could be part
of the same spawn, it allows for Necromancers to solo MUCH bigger rooms than any
other class could.  This situation is well beyond what would preserve game
balance for any other class (soloing the Bloodthirsty Ghoul room and Ghoul Lord
room, for example).

Example:
While there are many examples of how the Necromancer Feign Death tactic is
abusive, one of the most egregious occurs in the Ghoul Lord room of Lower Guk.
The room consists of 2 Bok Ghoul Guards and the Ghoul Lord himself.  Using the
current system, a level 50 Necro can easily solo the room at virtually no risk
to himself. The Necro can get into the room quite easily with Invis To Undead.
To clear the room he uses Screaming Terror on one Bok and Charms the other.
When the Ghoul Lord rushes him, he feigns.  The Lord then turns on the charmed
Bok and kills it, taking considerable damage during the fight.  The Necromancer
waits until the Ghoul Lord returns to its spawn point.  When the necromancer
gets back  up, he is in no danger of being attacked due to the way Feign Death
works now. He then charms the 2nd Bok and Feigns again.  The fight goes on and
the 2nd Bok is killed.  When the Necromancer gets back up he has a VERY wounded
Ghoul Lord AND nearly full mana.  The Lord is now an easy kill, and the Necro
collects his special items.

Solution:
Ideally, Feign Death should work like Invisibility, where summoned pets suicide
and the charmed ones break Charm.  We do not want, however, to adversely affect
lower level Necromancers to such a large degree.  What we do recognize is the
need to prevent higher level Necro's from exploiting key spawn points.  Hence,
when you Feign Death, any charmed NPC will immediately break Charm.  However,
summoned NPCs (pets) will NOT be affected.  While this still allows the use of
the Feign Death tactic with your summoned pet, it does not imbalance the game
and many dungeon spawns to the degree that charming an NPC does.


*Manastone Changed*

The players have raised many concerns about the power of the Manastone, which no
longer drops.  They cite that people without a Manastone are not as welcome in
expeditions to the outer planes and other areas as people with them.  Since
dropping additional Manastones via quest or removing them from the existing
populace is not desirable, we've decided to make it so that the Manastone will
no longer function in the alternate planes.  Furthermore, it will not function
in any of the zones included with the Kunark Expansion.

We apologize to those adversely affected by this change. Our general goal is to
avoid making changes to items in peoples' possession, however we felt this
change was, all things considered, warranted and for the benefit of the game as
a whole.


- The EverQuest Team

-----------------------------

January 28, 2000

January 28th, 7:00pm Emergency Patch

The servers are currently being brought down individually for an emergency update. This update is being done to correct a bug in the server code that led to the instability that the servers have experienced over the past week. We apologize for the inconvenience.

Included with this patch are several changes that were not supposed to occur until the regular patch next week. These changes are inseparable from the changes required to fix the network problems, and as such are being implemented a little earlier than we would like. There will be additional changes in the next patch that we wanted to include with the current changes, however to reduce overall downtime and customer inconvenience, they are being postponed until next week.


Changes in Current Patch

Warriors

Warriors now have a chance to strike a "Crippling Blow" when berserk. "Crippling Blow" is much the same as a "Critical Hit" with increased damage and an integral stun.

Magicians and Necromancers

We discovered a bug whereby all NPCs will not utilize their "Dual Wield" skill unless they have a weapon equipped in their off-hand. This bug would not allow magician and necromancer pets to use their "Dual Wield" skill unless handed two weapons by their masters. Since magician pets could not wield weapons at all, they never used their "dual wield" skill.

Correcting this bug would cause all NPCs above the mid-20s to suddenly begin using their "dual wield" skill to attack players with their off-hand. This would cause a drastic shift to game balance, as most non-pet NPCs are generally considered balanced.

Magicians may now equip their pets with weapons. This will allow their pets to utilize their "dual wield" skill, thus increasing the number of attacks that the pet can make per round.

Since magician pets can now wield weapons, an ability previously reserved for necromancers, high level necromancer summons (44 or above) will now randomly cast spell effects upon the creatures they fight.

An additional change has been made to make it easier for necromancers and magicians to equip their pets. Previously, necromancers had to equip their pets with two *different* weapons in order enable them to "dual wield". This change allows magicians and necromancers alike to hand their pet two *identical* weapons, thus making it easier for them to get their pet to "dual wield".

These changes drew our attention to the disparity that exists between melee characters and caster pets. Both of these pets, after the initial round of changes, could wield certain weapons that would significantly increase their attack speed. We acknowledge that necromancers always had this ability, and apologize for our delay in addressing it, but weapons will no longer increase the attack speed (lower the attack delay) of a pet.

In the near future, several new spells are planned for necromancers of level 12 and above, including a new type of necromancer-only spell that is very group-friendly. We were planning to include these new spells with the changes in pet/weapon interaction, but those additions require downtime best restricted to the planned update schedule. We expect to implement the new spell effects in the next patch, tentatively scheduled for next week.

- The EverQuest Team 


——————————
February 3, 2000 8:00 am
——————————

The following changes have been implemented on the live servers:

*Spells*

- Lay On Hands: Enhanced to heal more hitpoints per level.
- Enveloping Roots: Casting time reduced to match Immobilize
- Skin Like Nature: Small Damage Shield added. This will stack with
other shields.
- Insidious Fever: Casting time reduced.
- Insidious Malady: Casting time Reduced.
- Burnout series: Negative HP component removed to bring it in line
with the Necromancer’s Intensify/Augment death series.

*Songs*

- Syvelian’s Anti-magic Aura: Potency increased.
- Shauri’s Sonorous Clouding: Now also grants See Invisible. Party
members can now see each other while under the effect of this song.

Additionally, the following songs have been given a slightly larger
radius:

- Selo’s Accelerando
- Agilmente’s Aria of Eagles
- Shauri’s Sonorous Clouding
- Tarew’s Aquatic Ayre

*PvP-Teams Change*

Customers on the PvP-Teams servers have been plagued by a tactic known
as “Bind Rushing”. Casters would bind themselves in a hostile area or
dungeon, and attack everyone of an opposing race in the area. Sooner or
later the caster would die. They would then respawn, memorize a few
spells, then jump back in to attack their wounded opponents.

As a first step in combating this practice and improving life for those
on the PvP-Servers, casters will now respawn with zero mana after being
killed by another player in a duel or open combat.

This code is new for those on Tallon and Vallon Zek. It has been in
place for some time on Rallos Zek and works very well there.

*The Plane of Sky*

All spells that grant levitation will no longer function in the Plane
of Sky. This affects spells cast by Wizards, Enchanters, Shamans,
Druids, Necromancers, and Bards. The Plane of Sky is designed to be
completed in certain fashion, and the existence of these spells allowed
the islands to be completed out-of-order.

A teleporter will be placed on the first island in the next patch to
allow people access to the room below.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 17, 2000 7:00 am
——————————

***Announcements***

The City of Paineel, home to the infamous Heretics of Erudin, is now
available via the Optional Patch. In addition, Erudites may now also be
Shadowknights in addition to the other classes available to them. All
Erudite Necromancers, Shadowknights, and Clerics who worship the God of
Fear, Cazic-Thule, now start in the City of Paineel. As such, if you
wish to create a character of this type from this point forward, you
*must* download the Paineel zone-files via the Optional Patch.

Please note that if you downloaded the Paineel zone files recently, you
must run the Optional Patch again to insure you have the correct
version of the files.

In related news, all of the entrances to the Qeynos Catacombs have been
fixed.

Enjoy!

The following changes have been implemented on the live servers:

*Spell Changes*

- The recast delay for many of the Shaman buff-spells have been
reduced.
- “Reoccurring Amnesia” has had its casting time reduced.
- “Yaulp” and “Augmentation” should now stack.
- “Solidarity of Vision” has had its duration increased.
- The Druid spell, “Skin Like Nature”, has been returned to its former
status due to popular opinion. As such, the damage-shield component has
been removed and the regeneration component has been re-applied.
- “Sense Magic” has been replaced in all cases by the “True North”
spell. If you have already inscribed the “Sense Magic” spell, the spell
icon will now automatically reflect “True North”.
- A bug that existed with several damage-shield spells, causing their
damage to be subtracted rather than added when stacked, has been
corrected. The spells will now stack properly.
- The “Feign Death” spell, when cast by a Necromancer, will now have a
fixed duration. The Necromancer will receive several warnings prior to
the spell wearing off. This change was necessary because some
Necromancers found a way to gain experience through their pet while
being AFK for an extended duration, such as being in bed for the night.
Note: This does not affect Shadowknights or Monks.
- New Necromancer spells are now in game. Check your spell vendors.
- Alchemy has been revamped. Check with your local Shaman.
- DOT (Damage Over Time) spells will no longer hinder camping.

*General Changes/Fixes*

- The dungeon of Paw has again received a minor update to slightly
reduce the difficulty of the zone.

- All known issues with the SBLive soundcard have been corrected.

- From this point forward, deleting a character will cause all corpses
belonging to that character to likewise be deleted. This change was
made primarily to stop a no-drop transfer bug. It also has the added
effect of cleaning up corpses for characters that people no longer
intend to play.

- Crippling Blows will now display the correct damage in the “You have
scored a Crippling Blow (###)” line.

*Corpse Looting Exploit*

Recently, an exploit was discovered that allowed certain unsavory
individuals to loot the corpses of other players without their consent.
The precise symptom of this is that the owner would find their corpse
stripped of everything except for no-drop items, and items in a bag
with no-drop items. This exploit was fixed in this patch.

If you were affected by this exploit recently, you are entitled to a
reimbursement of your lost items assuming that we still have a record
of what you had. Please contact a GM in-game to arrange for an
investigation.

During the course of the investigation, people who have exploited this
bug will be subject to disciplinary action by our GM staff up to and
including item wipes, suspension, and/or banishment.

*Rogue Enhancements*

Rogues received several enhancements as part of this patch:

- The chance to score a critical hit with a throwing weapon has been
increased significantly.

- When throwing a weapon from behind the NPC in question, a rogue now
has a chance to score a “Deadly Strike”, for enhanced damage above and
beyond that of a critical hit.

- A new rogue-specific ability has been added to the “Hide” skill. It
is called “Evade”. This skill has the effect of lowering the amount
that the targeted NPC hates the rogue, and has the potential of making
the engaged NPC switch to another target (preferably a tank) within the
rogue’s group. It is essentially a “reverse taunt”. This ability helps
mitigate the negative effects of the rogue’s exceedingly high damage-
output potential. It also will in-turn help the rogue do even more
damage as the NPC is much more likely to expose its back. It is engaged
by targeting the NPC you wish to “Evade” and pressing the “Hide”
button. As a note, you must not be in combat mode in order to use this
ability.

*Mistwalker*

The Mistwalker will once again cast its spell as often as it used to
prior to the last patch. However, the resulting pet will now
automatically “dissipate” after one combat round. The change that
reduced the “proc” percentage on the weapon was made due to an
unintended interaction between the pet and the target when several
users of this weapon were attacking the same target. Since the new pet
now automatically dissipates after one round, the reduced “proc”
percentage was no longer necessary.

*Class-Specific Armor Quests*

Class-Specific armor quests, especially those belonging to Clerics,
Paladins, and Shadowknights, have been reduced in terms of how long it
will take the average person to acquire the armor. These classes, and
others that found particular pieces of their armor exceedingly
difficult to obtain should find it much easier now.

In addition, a bug that hindered completion of the Bracer of Ro quest
for some races has been corrected.

*Tallon Zek*

Loot rules for PvP deaths on the PvP-Teams server, Tallon Zek, have
been changed from “Coin + 1 item” to “Coin Only”. This change was made
to study the impact of loot-rules upon server population in reference
to the loot/efficiency disparity between caster and melee characters.
This change is a test, and may or may not be retained or rolled out
across the other PvP servers, pending the results of the server
population study over the next few weeks.

*Plane Changes*

Several changes have been implemented in the Planes as part of this
patch:

- Characters will now lose all enchantments upon entering the Plane of
Sky.

- Due to the fact that the levitate-series no longer works within the
Plane of Sky, a teleporter has been placed to allow entrance into the
quest room.

- A teleporter has been placed within the Plane of Hate in order to
give non-casters a way out of the zone besides death, potion, or group
teleport.

*Loot Messages*

Messages indicating what has been looted from a corpse will now be
broadcast to everyone within the looters group. This change was made
due to public request and to encourage trust within the group. We may,
in the future, employ filters to allow people to choose whether or not
they wish to receive loot messages.

*Fiery Avenger*

The greatly anticipated defining blade of the Paladin, the “Fiery
Avenger”, is again available within game via a quest. The *first*
devout Paladin to wield this blade and be validated by a GM in-game
will be publicly congratulated within a patch message and on the
Official EverQuest web-site at www.everquest.com.

- The EverQuest Team


February 17, 2000 (Later)

(NOTE: This patch wasn't in Allakhazam and came from http://www.tski.co.jp/baldio/patch/20000217b.html)

Here's some more information on spell changes which weren't in the patch message:

    Mana costs for enchanting metals has been reduced.
    Dyn's Dizzying Draught has been altered slightly. It now reduces AC, Agility, and drains mana as well as spinning the target.
    Blanket of Forgetfulness has received a minor upgrade.
    Burnout III now has a slightly higher haste bonus. 

February 17, 2000 (Addendum)

(NOTE: This patch message found here: https://web.archive.org/web/20010210085939/www.eqic.net/patches.htm )

There's one minor issue with Paineel that we neglected to mention in the patch message. At the entrance to the city, there is an elevator that must be activated with a key. The "keyhole" in this instance is a rock that is on the ground near the lift. A minor bug exists that does not allow people to click on the rock to activate the elevator. In order to activate the elevator, players will need to hold the key on their pointer, hover it over the rock, and press the "U" key. This will be fixed in a future patch.

In addition, the patch message made reference to a teleporter being placed within the Plane of Hate. The information provided concerning this teleporter was incorrect. The information should read as follows:

- A bug exists within the Plane of Hate that sometimes causes people to be transported to an inactive portion of the zone, from which there is no exit. A teleporter has been placed within this area to transport people who are trapped back to the entrance of Hate.

- The EverQuest Team


……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 23, 2000
——————————

Today’s patch was primarily comprised of server-side changes in
preparation for the release of EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark. Only one
gameplay-affecting issue was updated as a result of this patch:

- Being killed by another player in a duel will now cause you to re-
spawn with zero mana.

This change was implemented to counter a strategy used by casters where
they would duel to reduce downtime between fights, thus allowing groups
to engage creatures that they normally would not be able to.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

 March 21, 2000

(NOTE: This patch found here in eqnews.txt with patch zip: https://web.archive.org/web/www.everquest.com.tw/download/patch/EQ_Patch_20000321.zip)

 March 22nd, 7:00pm
 -----------------------------
 
 Though a little late in coming, we wish to congratulate Musk of Celestial
 Crusade on the Tunare server for being the first to obtain the Fiery
 Avenger.  He is the first of what surely will be many to follow the path of
 Nobility and Sacrifice in search of the coveted blade.  We also received
 word that Musk wanted to thank the guild of Celestial Crusade, and in
 particular, Drool Darklighter, who assisted in completing the tasks
 necessary to acquire the weapon.
 
 Congratulations to Musk and everyone involved!
 
 -The EverQuest Team
 
 March 21st, 11:00am
 -------------------
 
 ***UPDATE MESSAGE***
 
 This morning's update consisted primarily of server-side changes to improve performance of the game engine in general.  However, there are several changes to note:
 
 *Spell Changes*
 
 - Skin Like Nature has had its damage shield removed and has regained its regeneration component.  We're certain this time :)
 - Many Shaman buff spells have had their recast delay removed.  You can now cast them on multiple people without having to wait between each cast.
 - The Wizard spell "Rend" was improperly saving versus cold.  It now saves versus Magic.  
 
 
 *Bug Fixes and General Enhancements*
 
 The spawning problem in Solusek's Eye (SoldungA), related to the spawn of the Clockwork gnomes, will be fixed later today in a zone patch.  
 
 The +/= key will no longer take screenshots. 
 
 You can now adjust your clipping plane by using the SHIFT/- and SHIFT/+ key combinations. 
 
 You can now view the Message of the Day by typing /motd.
 
 Corrected a bug in the /follow process that would cause your character to loop around to the right at times when following someone.
 
 Corrected a bug that would cause item-loss associated with trading a container marked LORE. 
 
 Corrected some grouping bugs that had the potential to cause the client to crash. 
 
 
 *Feign Death and Pets*
 
 The Feign Death spell will no longer wear off.  This change had been made due to an issue that was discovered that allowed Necromancers to solo creatures while feigned and AFK.  
 The change had some unintended effects, as we discovered that there are a few cases where someone could be legitimately feigned for a longer period. Instead of having the spell 
 wear off, any summoned pet will automatically suicide 2 minutes after its owner feigns.  This is the solution requested by most of the players who voiced an opinion, and should 
 serve the same goal as the original change.
 
 
 - The EverQuest Team

-----------------------

——————————
March 29, 2000
——————————

This morning’s update consisted primarily of server-side changes to
improve performance of the game engine in general. No items, spawns,
spells (with the exceptions below), etc., were changed as a result of
this patch.

Area Effect “Fear” spells will no longer work in PvP. This affects a
bard song, as well as the Cleric “Wave of Fear” spell.

Corrected a bug with some of the Resurrection spells that caused them
to return too little experience.

We plan on publishing data and item changes next week if all goes well
on the Test server. We apologize to those who are inconvenienced by
having to wait for the expected changes.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 10, 2000
——————————

***Patch Day***

The following is a list of changes that were implemented on the Live
EverQuest servers today:

*Spells*
- You will now receive a message when attempting to mesmerize a
creature that is immune to that type of spell.
- You can now right-click-and-hold on bard songs to determine what
instrument skill is used by the spell.
- Dyn’s Dizzying Draught has had its casting time lowered
significantly.
- Corrected a bug in the Druid root + damage spells (Enveloping roots
series) that caused the spell’s damage to have a chance of breaking the
spell. They work much better now.
- The Magicians Phantom Armor series now grants HP regeneration.
- The Druid spell, dance of the fireflies, has been changed from
“Outdoor only” to “Night only”. It may now be cast in dungeons.
- Corrected a typographical error that allowed high level magicians to
inscribe the Malosi spell. It was not intended for magicians under
level 50.

*General Changes/Fixes*
- Items have gained the ability to be restricted by Deity. If a deity
restriction is placed upon an item, it will show when you right-click-
and-hold on the item.
- The AC on the mid-level cleric quest armor has been increased.
- The Terror Mask will now cast “Fear” instead of “Call of Bones” as
previously announced. The “Call of Bones” effect was placed on this
item by mistake.
- The Mempo of Likato now grants AC.
- The Quest for the Short Sword of Morin has been fixed.
- Some spawn-time problems in Mistmoore have been repaired.
- Five spawn-time problems were identified in regards to the Armor of
Ro (Paladin) quests. They have been fixed and Paladins should have a
much easier time of obtaining their armor.
- Pets should now attack Willowisps on command.
- Many spell-gems and icons have been changed to reflect the
appropriate action of the spell. Be sure to reacquaint yourself with
your spell line-up.
- Fixed a bug that caused targetable bard songs to ignore the
instrument in use.

*Kerra Ridge*
Kerra Ridge has been completely revamped. The target level-range for
the zone has been slightly increased. In addition, many new quests have
been added to the zone. The faction for Kerrans has been changed so
that those who killed them indiscriminately before today’s update can
take part. Be warned that the Kerrans still do not like everyone.

*Paw*
Paw has received another minor difficulty adjustment. In addition, item
drop percentages have been increased.

*The Plane of Hate*
The Plane of Hate has received an item-drop/spawn-time revamp. Take
care in your exploration of this zone as many things have changed.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 17, 2000 4:00 pm
——————————

EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark (upgrade) should now be arriving on
doorsteps around the world. Please note that attempting to create an
Iksar character will not work until the expansion zones are officially
opened within the next week.

We ask that if you attempt to create an Iksar character out of
curiosity that you do not proceed past the “History” page (the page
that speaks of your lifestyle) in the character creation process. Once
at this page, please use the “Back” button to get back to the character
creation screen. Pressing “Next” on this screen will cause the name you
have selected to go into the “used name” list, making it unavailable
for future use.

We appreciate your cooperation.

- The EverQuest Team

*Today’s Patch*

Today’s patch consisted of preparations for the launch of Kunark, as
well as some new art. The following spell changes were also included:

- Corrected a bug with a new bard song that allowed them to charm
anything, such as deities and dragons.
- Added a lesser included wisdom effect with “Brilliance” as well as a
lesser included intelligence effect with “Insight”. These spells will
no longer stack.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 19, 2000 4:00 pm
——————————

As part of the emergency update completed last night, a change was
implemented that increases the amount of damage done by someone
wielding a 2 handed weapon.

This change was made due to a statistical imbalance in the way that
damage is calculated at the mid-to-upper levels. A person wielding a
one-handed weapon of a given ratio was able to do more damage than when
wielding a two-handed weapon of the same ratio.

We would like to stress that no change has been made to the amount of
damage done by people wielding one-handed weapons. The net result of
this change is that people choosing to wield two-handed weapons will
now do more damage than they did before.

-The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 21, 2000 7:00 am
——————————

Greetings everyone!

This morning’s update is one of the final updates necessary for the
EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark launch scheduled to take place on
Monday.

As part of this update, a new EverQuest Patch Program was sent to your
system. For those who have installed the Ruins of Kunark, this update
has added a button labeled “K-Patch” to the patch program control
panel. Within these patch messages, Ruins of Kunark players may be
asked from time to time to press the “K-Patch” button following the
download of the regular patch. This will allow them to download Kunark-
related updates when they are required.

If you have not installed EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark, you will not
see a “K-Patch” button.

In addition to the Kunark-related changes made today, a bug that
lowered the maximum damage of two-handed weapons that was introduced
earlier this week in the Emergency Update was also corrected. Finally,
the art update yesterday implemented a solution that we’ve been
promising: Male barbarians can now see their shields.

We continue to appreciate everyone’s patience while we get the servers
ready for Kunark.

Thank you.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 24, 2000 3:00 pm
——————————

Hello All,

Due to the unfortunate problems we have had with our order processing
system, it doesn’t look like every person that ordered Kunark will
receive it in a timely fashion. We sincerely apologize for this
unanticipated problem. We expect that roughly 90% of the people who
ordered will be receiving their orders by today.

Because of the problems we have had we will be refunding anyone who
ordered Ruins of Kunark on or before Wednesday April 19th and does not
receive their orders by today for their shipping costs, as well as
crediting their accounts for one month of gameplay. This applies to
International orders as well.

We’ll be taking care of these refunds via email at
kunarkrefund@verant.com, and it will be necessary for anyone that wants
to take advantage of this refund to send us your Station Name, billing
name and address on the account and the date you placed the order.
Please also include “Kunark Refund” in the subject line.

We are very sorry for the problems that have come up.

The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 27, 2000
——————————

Hello all,

I wasn’t able to get this in the patch message this evening, but I’d
hope you’d help spread it around. I’m also having new /MOTD’s put on
the servers to be sure that people get the word.

/movelog registered accounts from Veeshan and Bristlebane will be
moving to Saryrn, Xegony and Bertox to The Seventh Hammer.

I’d like to remind everything that corpses will not follow the account,
so everyone will want to make sure that there corpses are looted, or
they will be lost. I’d also like to note that more people requested the
move than we will be able to accommodate, and we appreciate everyone’s
understanding in this matter.

-Gordon

-----------------------

 April 28, 2000

(This patch was not in Allakhazam. It came from http://www.tski.co.jp/baldio/patch/20000428.html)
Spells

    "Scale of Wolf" is now group-only. You must be grouped with the target in order to cast this spell upon them. This change was made due to the fact that Scale of Wolf overwrites Spirit of Wolf , which may be more desirable in some situations.
    The "Cannibalize II" spell has been enhanced.
    Corrected a bug with "Song of the Sirens" that caused an unintended level-cap to affect the spell. Bards should now be able to charm everything that they once could with this spell. 

Binding in Timorous Deep

Due to a feature within the zone, players can no longer bind within Timorous Deep. This functionality was intended in the zone prior to launch, as binding presents a possible balance issue. Players who are already bound in this zone will retain their binding location until they bind someplace else.
Iksar Quests

A few items associated with the Iksar newbie warrior quests have been repaired. The EverQuest team would like to extend thanks to those who reported the problems.
Iksar Factions

As announced in the patch server message yesterday, this morning we corrected a bug in Iksar faction that allowed them to travel outside Kunark without fear of being attacked by most things. In the event that any young Iksar find themselves in a bind/death loop, please /quit, log in another character, and /petition for assistance.
Server Splits

The recently announced server splits will be completed roughly two hours after the other servers come up from this patch. Movelog registered accounts from Veeshan and Bristlebane will be moved to Saryrn, and Xegony and Bertox to The Seventh Hammer. As requests to move were very strong, we were not able to move everyone who requested. We appreciate everyone's understanding. 

……………………………………………………………

 May 12, 2000

(NOTE: This patch was not in Allakhazam and came from http://www.tski.co.jp/baldio/patch/20000512.html)
Newbie Guards

As we are sure many people are aware, there are guards that exist specifically for the purpose of giving new characters a place to run in order to be saved from a certain death. However, as many people have mentioned, these guards are frequently either dead, or engaged by players choosing to hunt them. This makes things very frustrating for newer players, and with the large influx of new players due to the release of EverQuest: The Ruins of Kunark, we decided that a change was warranted.

Though we do not have a problem with players choosing to hunt guards, the newbie guards themselves, specifically the ones at the gates of cities and in the vicinity of newbie zones, need to remain alive under most circumstances. To that end, we have buffed up these newbie-protecting guards, made them immune to magic, and given them some pretty good healing properties, in order to make them less attractive to people hunting them.

In addition, though we have left the guards inside cities as-is from the perspective of power, we've also found a problem with the respawn rate. Previously they were typically on a six-minute timer, making them spawn much faster than an equivalent NPC would in a dungeon. We have normalized the respawn time of guards inside cities to bring them in line with dungeon NPCs. 

-----------------------

——————————
May 16, 2000 10:00 am
——————————

***Patch Day***

*General Changes*

- Sounds have been updated for NPCs in Kunark. Your Iksar should no
longer sound like humans.
- Dark Elven worshipers of Solusek Ro and Bristlebane will no longer be
natively KOS to the outpost in the Overthere. Take care that if you
have taken actions allowing you to be judged sufficiently by your
deeds, you may still find yourself KOS.
- Increased the number of frightfingers in the Plane of Fear.
Previously only 3 frightfingers would pop per respawn.
- Several problems with the guards that were buffed up last week have
been addressed. Some guards that should not have been buffed have been
fixed. In addition, due to the level of the new guards, they all gained
the ability to innately see-invisible. The level of those guards has
been reduced so that they no longer automatically get this ability,
making it a bit easier to sneak by them.
- Many quests have been updated and/or fixed, both in terms of ease of
completion and reward.

*Item Updates*

- Corrected a typo that had the Canyoneer’s Pike marked as NO RENT,
causing it to disappear on logout.
- Corrected the model for the Axe of the Iron Back. It was showing as a
2H sword when equipped.
- The Halcyon Broadsword was mistakenly marked as an artifact. This has
been corrected.
- Corrected item icons for various pieces of Burynai Hide Armor. It was
displaying improperly in the inventory slots.
- The Skull Mask of Innervation has been changed so that it must be
worn to activate its effect.
- Corrected a problem with the Scourgetail Whip whereby the damage and
delay figures were transposed yielding a 30 damage, 5 delay weapon.
- The “Illusion: Iksar” spell scroll is now droppable/tradeable.
- The Goblin Eye Poker now looks like a dagger instead of a small sack.
- The Cone of Mystics, which incidentally also looked like a small
sack, now looks as intended.
- Corrected a typo that had the Goblin Skull Crusher’s effect set to
the “Lull” spell, which is not appropriate for a melee weapon. The
“Lull” effect has been replaced with an appropriate effect.
- The Pouch of Mistletoe Powder will now impart its effect on the
targeted character.
- Mosquito Wings are available in game once again.
- Many items had incorrect usage restrictions, and have been repaired.

As always, we strive to avoid making negative changes to items that
already exist in game. However, there are cases where a particularly
unbalancing error has been made, such as with the Scourgetail Whip
mentioned above, where the item in question must be fixed in interest
of maintaining game balance.

We will continue to repair problems, add content, and enhance gameplay
in both Kunark and EQ proper. We appreciate everyone’s support.

Thank you,

The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 25, 2000 8:00 am
——————————

*Patch Day*

Greetings all! The following changes have been implemented on the Live
servers:

*Spells/Songs*

- Voltaic Draught, a high level wizard direct damage spell was
improperly saving versus resistance to cold. It now appropriately saves
versus magic.
- The higher level bard song by Brusco was improperly healing the
target instead of damaging it. This has been corrected.

*Items*

The Shadowknight class-specific quest armor, Darkforge armor, has had
its weight decreased substantially.

The Runed Fighter’s Staff, previously useable by Monks and Warriors,
has been restricted to Monks only. The statistics on this staff are
much more powerful than normally allowed for warriors. This change is
retroactive and will be reflected on items currently in inventory.
Though we strive to avoid negatively adjusting items after they have
been earned, this item presented a balance issue, making the change
necessary. We apologize to warriors that currently own this weapon.

A data error with the Symphonic Saber, causing it to report “Item out
of charges”, has been corrected. Due to the dynamics of this particular
issue, current owners will need to contact a GM to trade this item out
for a new, properly working version of the item.

The Burning Rapier (rogue weapon) has been enhanced. In addition to an
increase in statistics, it received a stronger spell effect. The
lightsource effect on the weapon has been removed due to an aesthetic
rogue desire to be “sneaky” :)

The effect on the Hangman’s Noose will now work properly.

*General Changes*

- Some NPCs in Dalnir were casting spells much too powerful for their
level. They have been adjusted.
- Pathing information has been updated in Highkeep. NPCs and pets
should have a much easier time of navigating the zone.
- Some Quest-NPCs were not spawning properly in Rathe Mountains. These
issues have been corrected.
- A handful of problems reported with research practice via the
Concordance of Research have been corrected. All practice-rune recipes
should now work correctly.
- Gorilla’s in Burning Wood now have a new texture set that properly
reflects their undead status.
- Fishing should now work properly in Kunark zones.
- /yell now reports the proper direction to people hearing the yell.
- Corrected a bug that gave some races the impression that they were
allowed to start their character in Cabalis. They were never actually
allowed to create the character there, however the indication that they
could has been fixed.
- Corrected sound issues that were causing some crashes to the desktop
in certain cases.

We are in the process of patching music files (*.XMI) for zones in
which music does not currently work. There are 55 small files (around
2K each) that will be patched over the next couple of days to enable
music in all of the affected zones.

The zone of Timorous Deep has been tuned and itemized. Certain aspects
of the changes have made certain areas of the zone more dangerous, but
the reward should be well worth the risk. Feel free to visit this zone
and search out its treasures at your leisure. Note: These changes went
in on Monday.

Upon investigation, we discovered a deficiency with the amount of
experience being rewarded in many Kunark zones (mostly dungeons). The
affected zones have been updated, and adventurers should notice the
greater experience reward in return for the increased risk and
challenge associated with these zones.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 6, 2000 8:00 am
——————————

*Patch Day*

Greetings! The live servers have been updated to reflect the newest
data on the Test Server:

*General*

- Some new spells are available for the hybrid classes. Check your
Kunark spell vendors.
- Found and corrected a problem causing people to fall to their deaths
upon zoning. The majority of these issues should no longer occur.
- Corrected outstanding issues with several quests, including the Brain
Bite, Shackle of Rock, and the Barnal Flamehands quest.
- Increased treasure in many Kunark zones including The Emerald Jungle,
Sebilis, and the Frontier Mountains.
- Upon review we’ve increased the drop-rate of level 51+ spells in
Kunark. They should be more plentiful now.
- Updated pathing information in many zones, making it easier for pets
and other NPCs to get around the zones.

*Items*

- A problem with the spell effect for the Luminary Two-Handed Sword.
Current owners of this weapon will need to contact a GM to trade their
sword out for a working one.
- The Gunthak Harpoon is now rentable. It will remain in your
possession when you leave the game.
- A couple pieces of Blood Ember armor have been reduced in weight.
- Reduced the weight on several Monk weapons found in Kunark.

*PvP Teams Servers (VZ/TZ) and Illusions*

Due to an outstanding bug that allowed a player to permanently
mesmerize or stun opposing team members when coupled with an illusion,
illusions will now automatically cancel when the person wearing the
illusion casts an offensive spell upon any player-character. Players
should keep this in mind before attacking with spells in an area where
their faction standing is less than desirable.

Illusions are defined as any spell that makes a character look
different than they actually are. This includes all racial illusions,
as well as other illusions such as Treeform, Wolfform, and the Call of
Bones series.

*Risk and Reward*

The concept of risk and reward is very important to the game of
EverQuest. Ideally, situations that provide a greater reward should
also provide substantial risk. Over the past several weeks, we’ve been
identifying areas in game where risk and reward are at a disparity, and
making necessary adjustments.

In most cases, those adjustments are in favor of increasing the reward
for a specific action. For example, we recently increased the
experience awarded in many Kunark zones to offset the sometimes-
considerable risk associated with adventuring there. We also do this
quite frequently by increasing the reward associated with a quest by
enhancing the item, as we did last week with the Burning Rapier quest.

However, in some cases there are instances where reward is far in
excess of the risk involved, and we will be correcting these issues
like those above as we come across them. For example, there are many
cases where a solitary and stationary outdoor creature has a “fast
spawn”, yielding the reward of fast experience-gain without the
commensurate risk.

Though it is not our policy to announce changes to individual NPCs, we
did want to let you know that you will see risk/reward disparities
corrected over the next several weeks.

*PvP Teams (VZ/TZ) Character Transfers*

As many people playing upon the PvP-Teams servers are aware, Vallon Zek
and Tallon Zek have different rules regarding looting rights from PvP
combat. Vallon Zek allows the victor to loot all coin plus one item
from the fallen, whereas Tallon Zek allows only coin-loot with no right to loot items.

Due to the fact that the looting rules were changed on Tallon Zek post-
production, we’ve decided to allow characters on both servers a one-
time character-move. Registration for the move will open at 6:00pm PDT
on Friday, June 9th, 2000, on both servers, and will be open through
12:00pm PDT on Monday, June 12th, 2000. You can register for the move
by executing the “/movelog yes” command during the registration window.
There is no limit to the number of people that we will allow to move
between Tallon and Vallon Zek, so there is no reason to rush to enter
the command.

Please remember that once you register for the move, your decision can
not be rescinded. The actual character-move will take place sometime
next week, at a time to be announced later. Please keep in mind that
corpses are not moved in a character-move, so we’d recommend against
leaving unclaimed corpses around after Monday of next week if you’ve
asked to be moved.

Questions about the move process will be addressed in the Gameplay
Message Forum available via www.everquest.com.

- The EverQuest Team

Updates Not Included in This Patch Message:

* Banshee Aura has had its duration increased.
* Scale of Wolf and Spirit of Scale will no longer be canceled by being
the target of a melee attack. Ranged attacks and spells will still
cancel the spell.
* Shaman can now cast Charm Animal
* Some enchanter and shaman spells have had their casting times/mana
costs altered.
* Augment, Glamour of Kintaz, Rapture, and Clarity II have had their
mana cost lowered.
* Root spells that cause damage (Druid roots, Hungry Earth) now work
properly.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 15, 2000 8:00 am
——————————

*Patch Day*

Hello everyone,

Over the past few weeks, a portion of the EQ team has been working on
The Hole, in preparation of its release in the near future. Even so, a
number of changes and additions were made in today’s patch. Most of the
changes are in regards to quests:

- The “Fleshy Orb” quest has been completed
- We’ve received word that “Fabian” has been spotted somewhere on
Norrath.
- Froglok Foragers and Hunters should been seen more regularly.
- Lord Grimrot should be seen more frequently.
- Skill in tailoring is no longer required to craft The Robe of the
Lost Circle.

A few items have also been changed this week:

- The Robe of the Lost Circle has been enhanced.
- The Staff of Temperate Flux and the Rod of Insidious Glamour now have
a short casting time associated with their activatable effect (See
Below).
- The Gunthak Harpoon is again NORENT, meaning that it will disappear
when you log off (See Below.)

*Casting Times on Staff and Rod*

We received word a few weeks ago that some people were using these
items to “spam” other players with their spell-effect messages, causing
them to disconnect. Though /ignore will allow you to filter out text
messages caused by people on your /ignore list, it will not allow you
to filter out spell-effect messages for spells cast upon you.

The short casting time should prevent the problems associated with the
targetable and activatable effect on these weapons, however you will
have to stand still to use them now.

*Gunthak Harpoon*

In the last item patch, we made the mistake of making this weapon
“rentable”, meaning that it does not disappear upon logoff. Basically,
one of our game designers heard that the weapon was NORENT, concluded
that it must be a bug, and took the initiative to fix it.
Unfortunately, the stats on this weapon, despite its disadvantages of
weight and its non-magical composition, make it much too powerful for
its location and difficulty in obtaining it.

For these reasons, the weapon is once again NORENT, and will disappear
the next time that you log out. This is a retroactive change and will
affect weapons already in possession. We do apologize to those who
acquired it within the last week expecting that it would be a permanent
weapon.

*Chat / Login Process*

The Chat and Login server components are now completely separate,
meaning that players will no longer have difficulty logging in due to
an excess of people in the chat server.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 22, 2000 9:00 am
——————————

***Today’s Updates***

*The Hole*

We are pleased to announce the opening of The Hole, a high-level
dungeon on the continent of Odus. The Hole is a complementary addition
to EverQuest, available to all subscribers regardless of their Kunark
status. The files necessary to enter The Hole are available via the
“Optional Patch” button at the bottom of the patch program interface.
The files are quite large (about 9MB total), so if the download is
going slowly, you may want to postpone downloading the files until
later.

As mentioned above, The Hole is a high-level dungeon, designed to
support characters starting at about level 40. It should be regarded as
extremely dangerous. As a note, jumping in The Hole from Paineel is NO
LONGER A SHORTCUT TO TOXXULIA FOREST. The GMs will not recover corpses
for people who fall, or jump, or attempt to levitate into The Hole.

*Vallon Zek is now Coin-Only*

As we announced earlier this week, due to the number of people
specifying interest in “coin-only” loot on Vallon Zek, versus those
wishing to retain item- loot, we have implemented “coin-only” looting
rules for PvP combat on Vallon Zek.

*Resurrection*

Previously, players had to be resurrected within two hours after death
in order to receive any experience back as part of the resurrection.
Due to the increased size and difficulty associated with Kunark zones,
we’ve raised this limit from two hours to three. This should assist
players and make it easier for them to obtain an experience-returning
resurrection within the time limit.

*Warping*

We put in some code that should help decrease the “ghosting” (NPCs
appearing to be some place they aren’t) being reported in some of the
larger Kunark zones. Please let us know how this goes.

*Locked Doors*

We noticed few weeks ago that it is common practice to use NPCs to open
locked doors rather than by using the services of someone that is able
to pick locks. In order to protect and increase the value of the
abilities of the lock-picking classes, NPCs have gained the ability to
walk through locked doors without opening them.

*Vox and Nagafen*

Over the past couple of weeks, we’ve received more and more reports of
these dragons being bested by smaller and smaller groups of higher-
level (high 50s) adventurers. As we’ve always felt that Dragons should
be special encounters that require a large number of people, we were
left with some choices.

One choice available to us was to increase the power of the dragons to
a level where the level 60 folks would find them challenging. This
would have the disadvantage of forever placing them out-of-reach for
those who did not buy Kunark, and place them further out-of-reach for
those who did, but are just now approaching the levels where they could
go on Dragon raids. Another possible solution was to make the dragons
flee (depop) when engaged by a more powerful group of people. This
would have the undesired effect of allowing some people to deny others
the experience of fighting a dragon.

Instead of raising the bar as mentioned above, we’ve instead decided
that dragons, or at least these two dragons, should have the magical
ability to pick their own fights. Players of level 53 or above will now
encounter some difficulty when attempting to assist in combat with
these dragons. This should help 40s and low 50-level characters with
their chances to encounter a dragon without worry of getting forced out
by much higher level players. In addition, it also has the added effect
of creating a natural progression from the younger dragons of Antonica
to the elder and more formidable dragons of Kunark.

-The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 29, 2000 7:00 am
——————————

***Patch Day***

Though today’s patch is primarily comprised of fixes to various bugs
that have been reported by the players, we’re also pleased to announce
a few enhancements:

- Ranger spell “Jolt” now has a lesser casting time.
- Many new recipes for the “Make Poison” skill are now in game.
Features include: Several new poison books, stackable components, new
suspensions, some purchasable components, and players now have the
ability to purchase vials. Please check your vendors.
- Increased spell-drop percentages in three difficult Kunark zones
where drops were less than should be expected.
- Corrected an error in the drop rate for a couple cleric spells making
them unavailable.

*Quest Fixes*

- Fixed the “Minotaur Horns” Quest
- Fixed a misspelling in the guild-note for Erudite clerics worshipping
Cazic-Thule.
- Fixed a misspelled keyword in the Trueshot Longbow Quest.
- The guild note for gnome clerics now states the appropriate gender
for the guildmaster.
- Fixed the “illegible cantrip” Quest.
- Fixed the “Hunt for Meat” Quest.
- Removed Jinkus Felligan’s doppelganger from Halas.
- Fixed the “Travis Twostring” quest.
- Fixed the “Algthin Dasmore” quest.
- Fixed the “Gather Components” quest.
- Fixed the “Lion Meat” quest.
- The Fleshy Orb quest and “Fabian” should really be fixed now. These
were not correct after the last patch due to a data export issue.

*Item Fixes*

- Fixed spelling of “Basilisk Egg”
- The Brass Ring is now worn on the finger, instead of the waist.
- Fixed the “Broken Minotaur Lord’s Horn”
- Fixed race/class restrictions listed for the “Bullsmasher”. Item
listed some inappropriate classes.
- Fixed race/class restrictions listed for “Patchwork Armor”. Items
listed some inappropriate classes.
- Fixed the model for the “Cast Iron Rapier”.
- Fixed Race/class restrictions for the “Crushbone Belt”. Item listed
some inappropriate classes.
- Fixed the mundane “Electrum Peridot Bracelet” so that it would equip
in the proper slot.
- The “Bloody Mantle” may now be equipped.
- Fixed the effect on the “Canyoneer Pike”. Current owners of this item
will need to trade it out with a GM in game.
- Fixed the “Howling Harpoon”. Item was previously casting its spell
upon the wielder, rather than the target. The fix will be automatically
applied to existing items.
- Fixed the icon for the Degenerated Guk Weed.
- Fixed the icon for the Enshrouded Veil.
- The Splitpaw Hide Tunic will now look like “Leather” when equipped.
- “The Crusade of 1312AG” and “The Forbidden Tome” will now remain with
the character after logout.
- Fixed race/class restrictions listed for the “Mortificator Staff”.
Item listed an inappropriate class.
- Fixed the icon for the Spectral Bow. In addition, removed “BRD” from
the class listing since Bards do not have the Archery Skill.
- Removed excess classes listed on the “Silk Lined Steel Helm”.
- Fixed the effect on the “Theurgist Mace”. Current owners of this item
will need to trade it out with a GM in game.

*Miscellaneous*

- Fixed bug that caused NPCs to say “cant open politethnks.txt”
- Fixed bug that caused NPCs to say “Can not open file NERDRGATT.txt”
- Fixed “cannot open file guards.txt” bug with Butcherblock dwarves
- Fixed “Cannot open item2monster.txt” problem with goblin whelps in
Butcherblock.
- Lizardman Mystics no longer think that the Feerrott belongs to the
Sabretooth Gnolls.
- Fixed a ghost in Field of Bone who was inappropriately labeled as
living, causing “undead only” spells to fail.
- Improved pathing in Sebilis.
- Improved pathing in West Freeport.
- Fixed the color of several spell-gems.
- Fixed recipe for a “Block of Clay” in the Basic Pottery book.
- Stone Skeletons in Lake Rathe can now be affected by “undead only”
spells.
- Fixed several merchants who did not have wares to sell.
- Fixed several dozen spelling and grammar errors in NPC text and the
spell database.
- “Folded Sheet Metal” may now be crafted via blacksmithing.
- The “Unfired Urn”, “Onyx Encrusted Urn”, and “Small Bowl” may now be
crafted via Pottery.

- The EverQuest Team



……………………………………………………………

——————————
July 12, 2000 5:00 pm
——————————

*Karana Secondary Split*

Hello all,

In light of our plans to further balance prime-time population on the
servers, we’re going to allow another group of players from Karana to
split off to Terris-Thule.

This Friday we will again open /movelog registration on Karana sometime
around 7pm PDT (GMT-8). The GMs will broadcast when registration is
open, and we will continue taking /movelog requests for 24 hours.
Players wishing to have their characters moved to the new split server
will need to run the command “/movelog yes” after registration is
opened. As we have identified a minor problem with the hundreds of
simultaneous uses of the /movelog command, it is recommended that you
wait a few minutes after registration is opened using it.

Notes:

- /movelog only needs to be run from ONE character, and will count for
all characters on that server on that account.
- Players who have requested a move should make sure all of their
corpses are looted by the time the server is brought down the following
Tuesday morning. Corpses will not be duplicated in the new world, and
anything left on a corpse left behind by anyone who moves will be lost.
- We may or may not be able to move everyone who requests this action,
based upon the number of total requests that we receive.
- The GM/Guide staff will not be able to tell you whether or not you
have been selected until after the move is actually completed.
- Karana and Terris-Thule will be down for several additional hours on
Tuesday, the day of the next patch. Updates will be given at that time.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
July 19, 2000 7:00 am
——————————

***Patch Day***

*Miscellaneous Changes/Fixes*

- The “Safe Points” have been moved in Field of Bone and Lake of Ill
Omen to someplace “safer”.
- You can no longer cast invisibility on any pet.
- Foul language issued through /emote will now be handled by the
profanity filter.
- Corrected a bug that allowed linkdead players to walk through locked
doors.
- Rangers above level 50 will now do double damage with Archery against
non-moving, non-rooted targets. These restrictions allowed us to
enhance archery without creating a new kiting problem.
- Corrected a bug that had rangers doing less melee damage than was
intended except when fighting an NPC who was also a ranger.
- Pets, both PC and NPC, will no longer cast “Gate”.
- A large rat says, “Hit by non-melee for XXX damage”, is history. The
new message given probably isn’t the source of never-ending humor that
the old one was.
- Updated pathing information in Innothule Swamp.
- Corrected many, many, MANY spelling and grammar errors in the world.
- Fixed a large number of spell gems and spellbook icons. Take care to
take a look at your spell lineup to familiarize yourself with the new
gems/icons.

*Poison*

- Implemented the high level Rogue poisons (level 51+).
- Increased Rogue “Make Poison” skill cap.
- Substantially reduced chance to fail “Apply Poison”.
- Rogues will now automatically sit when right-clicking on a poison.
- Failure to make a poison will now return the vial.

*General Crafts*

- The Ant’s Potion may now be used anywhere.
- The small and large reinforced wristband may now be crafted.
- The small and medium studded shoulderpads, cloak, and belt may now be
crafted.
- The medium reinforced mask may now be crafted.
- Sealed Poison Vials can now be crafted.
- The Thermal Cloak may now be tinkered.
- The “This item is trivial…” message in craft skills has been
replaced with “You can no longer advance in skill from making this
item”.

*Items*

- The Elven Paladin Newbie Tunic may now be worn by Half Elf paladins.
- The Murky Vial will now properly affect the target instead of the
player.
- Increased stats on many Plane of Sky items.
- There was evidently more than one “Fine Steel Dagger” running around
in the world. Some of them have been renamed “Serpant’s Tooth”.
- The effect on the Staff of Undead Legions has been changed to
something a bit more useful.
- The Deepwater Helm now has a significant casting time. The function
of its spell allowed a mana-free heal even though it was intended to be
a buff.

*/consent*

Some people were spamming others with /consent, causing them to
disconnect. As a result, /consent can now only be done once every two
seconds. Should you be harassed via this tool, please use /report.
Also, please take care to avoid accidentally /consenting someone, as it
will be two seconds before you can undo it.

*Cazic-Thule and the Feerrott*

There has been a significant change to the factions in the Feerrott and
Cazic-Thule. Take care not to get killed by NPCs that previously left
you alone. The significant upside to this change is that the “Cazic
Gate/Portal” can be made much safer in nature for those who work on
their faction.

*Regen Effects*

This week we corrected a bug that caused regen-type spells (e.g.
Regeneration, Chloroplast, Regrowth, etc.) to overwrite DOT spells. As
a result of this fix, players can no longer accept a regeneration spell
while under the effect of a DOT. However, if the regen spell is already
in place, the DOT will stack, but not replace the regen spell. This
will allow users of beneficial DOTs, such as Call of Bones, to continue
using their DOT while under the affect of regen.

*Keyed Dungeons*

The key for Charasis (Howling Stones) is now NODROP per the patch
message from a couple of weeks ago. Furthermore, when your character
dies, keys for Charasis, Sebilis, and Veeshan’s Peak, will no longer
remain with your corpse, but will instead return with your character to
its bind point. We made this change to reduce the difficulty and
corpse-loss potential of these zones, and eliminate the need to do the
key quests multiple times.

*Barbed Scale Whip*

In the last item patch, this item was changed from its original stats
to something inferior, as the game designer was not aware that it was
already in-game. It has been changed back to its original stats.

*Hiding Corpses*

A new command has been implemented in the EverQuest client. This
command (/hidecorpses) allows players to suppress the display of player
and NPC corpses on the screen. This can be very useful once you’ve
entered a zone with a large number of corpes, causing framerate to
decay. It will be particularly useful in the planes. The command
supports the following arguments:

- ALL: Hides all corpses except yours.
- ALLBUTGROUP: Hides all corpses except yours and those of people in
your group.
- NONE: No longer hides corpses.

For community reasons, this option must be set after entering each
zone, and will not affect corpses made after you enter the zone. You
can reset it while in the zone in order to suppress display of corpses
made since you originally set it.

*Resurrection*

The resurrection confirmation box will now report the name of the
person casting the spell as well as what spell they are casting.
Furthermore, experience will not be “removed” from your corpse until
you accept the resurrection by choosing YES. Previously, any
resurrection spell, if declined, would cause the experience to be
unrecoverable.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
July 26, 2000 12:00 pm
——————————

*Chat and Login*

Today’s patch contains some new features for the EverQuest chat and
login servers. In addition, it enables support for some international
keyboard layouts.

- Tab again switches between fields in login and registration.
- #time will display a time/date stamp.
- #reply will send a private message to the last person to message you.
- Tab will cycle through the last few people to send you a private
message.
- Rooms may now be closed by staff members. These rooms are in gray,
and no one will be able to enter them until a staff member opens them.
Attempting to enter a closed room will display a message.
- EverQuest, including Chat and Login, now supports some international
keyboard layouts. Information can be found at

http://everquest.station.sony.com/s_keyboard.html.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 1, 2000
——————————

Greetings everyone!

Today’s patch contains some changes that we are sure everyone will
enjoy:

- Canned emotes (e.g. /point) now work on NPCs. In addition, the range
for canned emotes has been increased.
- /who all “guildname” should now work for players who have /roleplay
turned on.
- Preferences for the mouselook will be saved in your options file.
Those who turn mouselook off each time when starting EQ will only have
to do it once more.
- The “Chat Filter” tab in “Options” now has an option to filter
messages caused by damage shields hitting others.

*Fast Drop*

Our most exciting change today is an option that allows players to
avoid accidentally dropping items on the ground. The new client allows
players to set “Item Dropping” preferences on the “General” options
tab. The three options that can be set are:

- FAST DROP: Items are dropped without confirmation.
- CONFIRM: A confirmation box will be displayed whenever you try to
drop an item.
- NEVER: You are not allowed to drop items on the ground.

Alternatively, you can also set these options using the /fastdrop
command. The arguments are:

- ON: Same as option “Fast Drop” on the General Tab.
- OFF: Same as option “Confirm” on the General Tab.
- NEVER: Same as above.

Please note that whatever your setting, coin will always be dropped
without confirmation. Additionally, the FastDrop option only applies to
items being dropped upon the ground. Handing items to NPCs will still
work regardless of your FastDrop setting.

It is highly recommended that you use option “CONFIRM”, as GMs will not
reimburse any items that are accidentally dropped.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 9, 2000
——————————

***Character Purge***

Time has come to do some cleanup on character data across the servers.
On August 23rd (Pacific), we will be doing a system-wide cleanup of
level 1 characters. All level 1 characters that have not been played
within 30 days from the date of the purge will be deleted. As GMs will
not be able to restore any characters that are deleted, please be
certain to log in any level 1 characters that you wish to keep prior to
the purge.

- The EverQuest Team

August 9th, 7:00am
——————

*Guide Application*

The Guide Application is now back up at http://guideapp.everquest.com.
If you are over 18 years of age, have a good customer-oriented
attitude, enjoy helping your fellow player, and are interested in
joining the Guide Program, we will be pleased to review your
application.

*Kunark Users*

A new file, emeraldjungle_chr.s3d, is included as part of today’s
patch. This patch adds additional displayable NPCs to the Emerald
Jungle. Please run the “Kunark Patch” by pressing the “Kunark Patch”
button on the bottom of the patch program UI prior to entering
EverQuest.

*Patch Day*

Greetings everyone! Today’s patch contains some exciting new changes.

*General Enhancements*

- Text messages that wrap will be indented on subsequent lines. This
means that if a person or NPC says something that is more than one line
long, all subsequent lines will be indented a few spaces. This should
make it a lot easier to pick out separate messages.
- The spells “United Resolve” and “Heroic Bond” had their levels
transposed accidentally. Rather than putting them back as intended,
United Resolve has been changed to Heroic Bond, which means you might
have two copies of that spell in your spellbook. Feel free to move one
to the back. Clerics get a new group spell at 58 to compensate.
- The Wurmslayer is now a one-handed slashing weapon.
- The /help command will now list all /-commands available to you.
- Rangers, Paladins, and SKs now have mana equivalent to that of a pure
caster with the same stats. This will give those hybrids a good deal
more mana, regardless of their stats.
- NORENT items, items that disappear when you log out, will now show a
“NORENT” tag when inspecting the item.
- Most summoned items now have the word “summoned” in their name.

*Changes/Fixes*

- Small Studded Tunic recipe now works
- Scaler recipe now works
- High Elves can now use the Moss Covered Twig and Branch
- Iksar can now wear the Crescent headband.
- The Shintl Lowbrew quest will now work
- The Rusty Rapier now looks like a rapier.
- Elven Wine can now be brewed
- Some pelt-dropping animals were always dropping ruined pelts, rather
than pelts of quality. This has been repaired.
- The Guild-invite toggle in display options will now work.
- The faction problems with the Charasis Key Quest have been resolved.
- Many pathing errors have been repaired.
- Repaired a bug that caused some anomalies after being charmed or
feared.
- Repaired a bug that kept the Unswerving Hammer of Faith and Flaming
Sword of Xuzl from disappearing.

*Dragons?*

Rumor has it that some new dragons have been spotted in Kunark. It
should be noted however that the dragons can be engaged from much
further away than is intended. Rather than hold off implementing these
dragons for another week, we’ve decided to implement them now and fix
the problem in the next patch. Enjoy :)

*New Command For Tracking*

New option for those with tracking: /trackplayers. The command will
work for all players with the tracking skill. The command has two
settings:

- ON: Default setting, same as it is now. Players will show up in the
tracking window.
- OFF: Players will not show up in the tracking window.

*Client Customizations*

Upon starting EverQuest, a new file (EQCLIENT.INI) will be created in
your EverQuest directory. This file contains customizable settings for:

- Colors for text messages in the in-game chat window
- Default screen viewing mode
- Default travel speed (run or walk)

The documentation will be included in the online manual in your
EverQuest directory once the design is finalized over the next several
weeks, but the working document is posted below. We felt that people
would rather have access to the customizations right away while we’re
in the process of building them.

Modifying this file is optional.

*EQCLIENT.INI documentation*

The [TextColors] section contains entries for various text colors in
the client. All colors are to be set with Red, Green, and Blue values,
in decimal. Valid settings for each color range between 0 and 255.
“Black” (0 red, 0 green, and 0 blue) will be white in overlay mode, and
black in normal mode.

Here is a list of user colors to use as a guide when editing the file:

1 – Say
2 – Tell
3 – Group
4 – Guild
5 – OOC
6 – Auction
7 – Shout
8 – Emote
9 – Spells (meming, scribing, casting, etc.)
10 – You hit other
11 – Other hits you
12 – You miss other
13 – Other misses you
14 – Some broadcasts (duels)
15 – Skills (ups, non-combat use, etc.)
18 – Default text and stuff you type
20 – Merchant Offer Price
21 – Merchant Buy/Sell
22 – Your death message
23 – Others death message
24 – Other damage other
25 – Other miss other
26 – /who command

The [Defaults] section contains some default setting for the client.
Here is a list of valid settings:

RunMode – TRUE for run, FALSE for walk.
ScreenMode – NORMAL for the default window view, FULL for the full view
with overlays

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 16, 2000 7:00 am
——————————

*File Patched*

This patch contains eqmain.dll, which is used by the EverQuest
login/chat frontend. The following changes have been implemented:

- #help now accepts arguments. #help #command will return help for the
requested command.
- Errors issued within the chat/login server frontend now display an
“Error Number”. Please have this error number ready when requesting
technical assistance.

- The EverQuest Team

-----------------------

 August 17, 2000

(NOTE: Allakhazam did not have this patch, it came from http://www.tski.co.jp/baldio/patch/20000817a.html)

This patch contains eqmain.dll, which is used by the EverQuest login/chat frontend. The following changes have been implemented:

    help now accepts arguments. #help #command will return help for the requested command. 

Errors issued within the chat/login server frontend now display an "Error Number". Please have this error number ready when requesting technical assistance.
August 17, 2000

(NOTE: Allakhazam did not have this patch, it came from http://www.tski.co.jp/baldio/patch/20000817b.html)

Some additional changes were included in today's patch that were not listed in the patch message earlier today. This patch message is a replacement for the one posted earlier:
Miscellaneous Changes

    /trackplayers now supports a "GROUP" option, allowing trackers to exclude all player characters, except ones in their current group.
    The EQCLIENT.INI has some new features, including one allowing logging (/log) to be on by default. Updated documentation for the EQCLIENT.INI file is at the end of this patch message.
    Activatable items, such as Journeyman's Boots, can now be activated by the corresponding number-key if placed in a hotbox. 

Items that are "out of charges" now display "Charges: None" when inspecting the item.

    Attack-speed buffs and debuffs will now stack correctly. In other words, lower level spells will no longer overwrite higher level spells of the same type.
    The "U" key (short for "use") has had its functionality enhanced. It now does the equivalent of a single left-click and single right-click at the center of the screen. In addition to opening doors, it will now consider and inspect PCs, consider NPCs, and use bankers, merchants, and guildmasters.
    Fixed the way that spell-effect icons are displayed on the UI. Previously, after adding several "buffs" to a character, one of the icons would be placed down in the chat window. 

Chat/Login Server

This patch contains eqmain.dll, which is used by the EverQuest login/chat frontend. The following changes have been implemented:

    help now accepts arguments. #help #command will return help for the requested command. 

Errors issued within the chat/login server frontend now display an "Error Number". Please have this error number ready when requesting technical assistance.
Looking for Group Flag

Players can now indicate that they are "looking for a group" by typing /LFG. This command will flag your character in both zone-specific /who lists, and the server-wide "/who all" list with "LFG". The LFG flag will remain active until you either enter a group or log out. Players can search for other players who are LFG by using filters in the /who command. For instance, to find rangers between level 40 and 50 who are looking for a group across the server, type "/who all ranger 40 50 lfg".

It is our hope that this flag will make it easier for players to seek out group members, allowing for more adventuring with less preparation time.
Updated EQCLIENT.INI Documentation

If the file does not exist it will be generated by eqgame.exe with default values. If an entry in the file is missing it will be added by eqgame.exe with default values.

The [TextColors] section contains entries for various text colors in the client. All colors are to be set with Red, Green, and Blue values, in decimal. Valid settings for each color range between 0 and 255. "Black" (0 red, 0 green, and 0 blue) will be white in overlay mode, and black in normal mode.

Here is a list of user colors to use as a guide when editing the file:

1 - Say
2 - Tell
3 - Group
4 - Guild
5 - OOC
6 - Auction
7 - Shout
8 - Emote
9 - Spells (meming, scribing, casting, etc.)
10 - You hit other
11 - Other hits you
12 - You miss other
13 - Other misses you
14 - Some broadcasts (duels)
15 - Skills (ups, non-combat use, etc.)
16 - Disciplines or special abilities
17 - Unused at this time
18 - Default text and stuff you type
19 - Unused at this time
20 - Merchant Offer Price
21 - Merchant Buy/Sell
22 - Your death message
23 - Others death message
24 - Other damage other
25 - Other miss other
26 - /who command
27 - yell for help
28 - Hit for non-melee
29 - Spell worn off
30 - Money splits
31 - Loot message
32 - Unused at this time

The [Defaults] section contains some default setting for the client. Here is a list of valid settings:

RunMode - TRUE for run, FALSE for walk.
ScreenMode - NORMAL for the default window view, FULL for the full view with overlays.
Log - TRUE for logging on, FALSE for logging off.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 23, 2000 7:00 am
——————————

- Corrected a bug that caused items that ran out of charges to
“disappear” when the last charge was used. The item never really
disappeared, and would reappear after re-logging. It no longer appears
to disappear.

*Updated EQCLIENT.INI Documentation*

If the file does not exist it will be generated by eqgame.exe with
default values. If an entry in the file is missing it will be added by
eqgame.exe with default values.

The [TextColors] section contains entries for various text colors in
the client. All colors are to be set with Red, Green, and Blue values,
in decimal. Valid settings for each color range between 0 and 255.
“Black” (0 red, 0 green, and 0 blue) will be white in overlay mode, and
black in normal mode.

Here is a list of user colors to use as a guide when editing the file:

1 – Say
2 – Tell
3 – Group
4 – Guild
5 – OOC
6 – Auction
7 – Shout
8 – Emote
9 – Spells (meming, scribing, casting, etc.)
10 – You hit other
11 – Other hits you
12 – You miss other
13 – Other misses you
14 – Some broadcasts (duels)
15 – Skills (ups, non-combat use, etc.)
16 – Disciplines or special abilities
17 – Unused at this time
18 – Default text and stuff you type
19 – Unused at this time
20 – Merchant Offer Price
21 – Merchant Buy/Sell
22 – Your death message
23 – Others death message
24 – Other damage other
25 – Other miss other
26 – /who command
27 – yell for help
28 – Hit for non-melee
29 – Spell worn off
30 – Money splits
31 – Loot message
32 – Dice Roll (/random)
33 – Others spells
34 – Spell Failures (resists, fizzles, missing component, bad target, etc.)

The [Defaults] section contains some default setting for the client.
Here is a list of valid settings:

RunMode – TRUE for run, FALSE for walk.
ScreenMode – NORMAL for the dafault window view, FULL for the full view
with overlays
Log – TRUE for logging on, FALSE for logging off

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 30, 2000 8:00 am
——————————

*Today’s Patch*

Today we modified the EverQuest client to implement the following
changes:

- Corrected a bug that would cause players to crash if they entered the
game, exited to the server selection screen, and tried to reenter the
game.
- Corrected a bug that caused delays when switching between UI modes
due to the text wrapping change implemented last week.
- The /book command (/book #) now accepts pages 1 through 50, and will
switch to the proper page.
- Opening your spellbook will automatically cause you to begin
meditating providing that you have the skill.
- Removed the /meditate command since it is no longer necessary.
- You can now activate a hotkey while the spellbook is open by pressing
the corresponding number-key.
- The “/target [name]” command can be used to target other players by
name. Please note that this ability is subject to the range to the
target.
- EverQuest will now write the original default colors when creating
the EQCLIENT.INI file, rather than the new colors that were put in a
few weeks ago.
- The @-character can be used in emotes to indicate a target. For
instance, if you target “a gnoll” and type “/emote laughs cruelly at
@”, the output will be, “Playername laughs cruelly at a gnoll”.
- People with the /LFG (Looking for Group) flag set will now have their
over-head name prefixed with an asterisk. Remember that you can search
for people looking for a group by using the “/who” and “/who all”
commands. Typing “/who all ranger 40 50 lfg” will return a list of all
rangers between 40 and 50 that are looking for a group.
- The “Sense” series (Undead, Animal, and Summoned) will no longer
point you towards people’s pets.

*Note on Voice Recognition*

Last week we implemented voice recognition technology in EverQuest. To
use this new feature, please refer to the EQROKManualSupplement.doc
file in your EverQuest directory. Please note that you must already
have a voice recognition engine that is compliant with the Microsoft
Speech API (SAPI), version 4.0. The voice recognition technology was
tested with Dragon NaturallySpeaking(r) v4.0. Check with the developer
of your software to find out if it is SAPI 4.0 compliant.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
September 12, 2000 3:00 pm
——————————

*Guild Maintenance*

We are in the process of preparing to do maintenance on the guild
database. To that end, guild creation and activation will be on hold
for the next three weeks. After that time, we may be running a process
to remove inactive or under-subscribed guilds from the system. We would
ask and recommend that those in guilds with under 10 separate members
(on separate accounts) consider merging and deleting the under-
subscribed guild.

In addition, it’s apparently become common practice for people wishing
to register a guild to enter the chat server and advertise there for
help creating the guild. This will no longer be permitted. People
wishing to submit a guild must organize prior to entering the chat
server. Advertising for assistance within the chat server could result
in a short-term (24 hour) suspension for the account.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
September 19, 2000 7:00 am
——————————

*Level 1 Character Purge*

The Level 1 character purge announced several weeks ago will take place
on Wednesday, September 27, 2000, at 7:00am PST (GMT-7). Any level 1
characters that haven’t been played within the previous 30 days will be
deleted. If you wish to keep any level 1 characters that you may have,
please log in and play them between now and 9/27.

***Patch Day***

As a testament to our on-going goal to constantly provide more content
for EverQuest players, today’s patch primarily consists of *many*
content-additions to the game.

*New Epic Quests*

We are pleased to announce that we have implemented new “Fiery Avenger”
style quests for every class in the game (including paladins). The
ultimate reward for each quest boasts a custom model with unique
particle effects. We think that you will be pleased.

Good luck to everyone on your quest.

*Class Issues*

Rangers:

Last week we completed in-depth testing of melee and defensive skills
for all melee-centric classes. In the course of these tests we
determined that the ranger class was not performing to its intended
level, and have made the following changes:

- The “Jolt” spell has had its casting time reduced.
- The Skillcap on Dodge and Parry has been increased.

Monks:

High-level monks can now carry increased weight without penalty. The
additional allowance is granted at levels 55 and 60.

Cleric:

Celestial Elixir was failing due to multi-tick cure components that are
incompatible with that configuration. We have therefore removed the
cure components and increased the healing provided by this spell.

After a great deal of consideration, we have concluded that the Mark of
Karn spell is imbalanced and requires correction. This spell’s current
function makes melee classes without dual-wield far less desirable
members of the group. As such, the spell has had its duration
decreased, its recast-time increased, and its “heal per hit” value
decreased.

*Fungal Regrowth*

“Fungal Regrowth” is now a self-only spell. It was being used as an
offensive spell by virtue of its “snare” effect upon the target.
Furthermore, we ruled out making it “group only” as with other spells
that have this issue, due to a class-balance concern. The spell was
reducing the group’s desire for classes capable of casting regenerative
magic.

*Attack Speed Buffs*

In this patch we corrected a bug that would cause any “Haste” item
combined with any “Haste” spell to automatically yield maximum haste,
regardless of the level of “Haste” granted by each individual
component. This fix increases the usefulness of better “Haste”
equipment and spells. The downside to this is that those who usually
have both items and spells active will see a reduced attack-speed
unless outfitted with the best equipment and spells.

*High-Level Dungeon Balancing*

Veehshan’s Peak and Sebilis have received loot adjustments in order to
address disparities in risk and reward. For the most part, the quality
of the “common” loot in Veeshan’s Peak is at least as good as the
“rares” from Sebilis.

*Low-Delay Weapons and Damage Bonus Changes*

In accordance with our announcement several weeks ago, two low-delay
weapons can now only be equipped in the off-hand. Included in this
change are the Mosscovered Twig and the Barbed Scale Whip. The delay on
these weapons and the associated damage bonus to weapons in the primary
hand made these weapons much too powerful for their availability and
the risk associated with their acquisition.

In addition, two-handed weapons have had their damage-bonus modified.
The damage-bonus for low-delay two-handed weapons (27 or below) created
a problem similar to the weapons above and has been reduced. The
damage-bonus has not changed for normal-delay (28-39) two-handed
weapons. The damage bonus for high-delay two-handed weapons (40+) has
been increased.

*Server Selection Screen*

It has come to our attention that new players often think that the
high-population servers are better, based upon the logic that if
everyone else is there, it must be a good server. However, in
Massively-Multiplayer games, less populated servers are often
considered superior for gameplay. Therefore we have marked servers that
would benefit from new characters as preferred servers, listing them in
“green” in the server selection window. The preferred servers have
populations such that an influx of new people would benefit the server
rather than cause overpopulation.

*Custom Emotes and AFK*

Animations with custom emotes have been implemented. Current canned
emotes such as /point allow a target other than the current target to
be specified. That will continue to work. So if you type “/point
Baobob”, the usual text will come up. However, you can add custom text
to the emote, but you must specify the target as “say” as the target.
For instance:

/point say points at a gnoll, indicating that he is ready to kill it.

…your character will execute the /point animation, and the text
output will be: “CharacterName points at a gnoll, indicating that he is
ready to kill it.”

Finally, you can now set a custom message for when you are /AFK. Type
“/AFK ” (without the brackets) to set your custom AFK message. For
instance, if you type “/afk Grabbing a snack”, you will reply with
“Grabbing a snack” when someone sends you a /tell.

*Skill Gain*

The skill-gain rate of many skills is now further modified by character
stats. This will allow those with natural affinities towards certain
skills to improve at a greater rate.

*Trade Skills Enhanced*

Many of the trade skills in game have received massive enhancements,
including dozens of new craftable items, new fishing and foraging
items, and other things to be discovered once in game.

In addition, trade-skill specialization has been implemented. Players
will be able to exceed 200 points of skill in ONE of the generally
available tradeskills. This includes:

- Baking
- Blacksmithing
- Brewing
- Jewelcraft
- Tailoring
- Fletching
- Pottery

Once above 200 points in one of these skills, no other skill will be
able to exceed 200. Specialization restrictions do not include class or
race-specific trade skills such as Alchemy, Make Poison, and Tinkering.
Players with race or class-specific trade skills will be able to exceed
200 points of skill in that skill, PLUS any generally available trade
skill.

The enhancement of trade skills is an on-going project. Further
enhancements will be made in the coming weeks.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
September 28, 2000 7:00 am
——————————

***Patch Day***

The following changes have been implemented on the production servers
as part of today’s patch:

*General Changes*

- NPC corpses level 55 or over will now last 30 minutes before
decaying. This should help those on large multi-group encounters who
need some prep-time before looting items.
- The item “Woe” has been repaired. If you receive the “Item out of
charges” message when your “Woe” attempts to fire its spell, please
contact a GM to trade out the item.
- The spell “Mark of Karn” has been changed. The recast-time has been
reduced significantly and the Hitpoint-return is now scaled inversely
based upon the delay of the weapon. In addition, a hitpoint return will
only take place when the target is hit with a primary melee weapon, or
the primary hand if you are unarmed.
- Some more tradeskill component vendors have been placed within the
world to make certain tradeskills easier to use in your home town.
- “AFK” and “LD” status will now be reported above player’s heads.

*Fleeing NPCs*

Last week’s patch caused NPCs to flee more than before due to a bug
that was fixed. After evaluating the situation, we decided to reduce
the chance to flee, but not to the extent that it was reduced before.
NPCs were previously much more “brave” than they should have been.

As part of the same change, charmed NPCs also began fleeing when low on
health. We’ve determined that this is not a good situation for the
players. As such, we have stopped charmed creatures from fleeing per
player request.

*Level 1 Character Purge*

The Level 1 character purge has been completed. All level 1 characters
that have not been played within the past 30 days have been deleted.

*New Server Active*

Tholuxe Paells, a new server open to new characters only, is now active
and ready for play. Enjoy! As a reminder, /movelog registration will
take place on Mithaniel Marr and Tunare Friday evening from 6PM to
Midnight (PDT: GMT-7).
Registered characters will be moved to a second new server, Drinal,
early next week.

***User Interface Changes***

Many UI enhancements were made in today’s patch:

*Moving and Resizing Windows*

The data windows in the full screen “HUD” mode may now be moved by
clicking in the upper left-hand corner, moving them to where you want,
then clicking again. The “spell effect” and “chat” windows can be
resized by clicking on the lower right-hand corner, dragging to the
appropriate size, and then clicking again. Coordinates for window
locations in each resolution are stored in the EQCLIENT.INI file.

*Bugs with Several Commands Fixed*

We fixed a problem with /book, /sit, and /doability that allowed them
to be executed at inappropriate times, such as while charmed or feared.
They should now only function when the native button would have
functioned if pressed.

*Miscellaneous Additions*

Added the following /-commands:

- /camp: Causes your character to camp out. You must be sitting to use
/camp.
- /disband: Will disband you from your current group, or turn down an
invitation to join another group.
- /invite: Will invite the target into a group, or accept an invitation
if one is pending.
- /attack: Will toggle the state of “Auto-attack”. You may also add a
parameter of “on” or “off” to explicitly set the state.

In addition:

- CTRL-1 through CTRL-8 will cast the spell in the specified spell-
slot.
- “:” (colon: Short for /emote) and “‘” (apostrophe: Short for /say)
will now bring up the chat line in the same fashion as the /-key and
ENTER.
- The “R” key (by default) takes you into reply-mode as always,
bringing up a reply to the last person sending you a /tell. However,
you can now TAB and SHIFT-TAB to cycle through the last 10 people that
have sent you /tells.

*Pauses in Socials*

You may now enter pauses in social batches with the /pause command.
/pause takes an argument from 1 to 600, with the value being equal to
the number of tenths of seconds (i.e. /pause 100 will yield a 10 second
pause).

For example, a social consisting of:
/sit off /cast 1 /pause 100 /sit on

…would cause you to stand up, cast the spell in slot 1, wait 10
seconds after you’ve STARTED casting the spell, and sit down.

Furthermore, you can also use the /pause command on the same line as
another social by separating the commands with a comma. Even though the
pause command is specified first, it is executed AFTER the command on
the same line.

For example:
/sit off /pause 100,/cast 1 /sit on

…would have the same effect as the example above. It is important to
note that the comma can only be used to separate a /pause command from
another, and MUST be specified first on the line.

*Emote Codes*

The @ symbol has been replaced with a series of %-codes that expand
into various pieces of information, and now works in ALL chat channels
(emote, say, shout, ooc, auction, group, guild).

The new %-codes are:
%T – Returns the current target.
%S – Returns the subjective gender-specific pronoun for the target (He, She, It).
%O – Returns the objective gender-specific pronoun for the target (Him, Her, It).
%P – Returns the posessive gender-specific pronoun for the target (His, Her, Its).
%R – Returns the race of the target (only works on Player characters).

For example, if you have a target of “a gnoll”, the following emote:
/point say points at %T indicating that he is ready to kill %O.

…Your character will execute the “point” animation with a text output
of “CharacterName points at a gnoll indicating that he is ready to kill
it.”

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 3, 2000 4:00 pm
——————————

*Today’s Patch*

Today’s patch consisted mostly of server-side changes, additions, and
fixes regarding NPCs and quests. The only item of public note is that
the Ragebringer can no longer be equipped in the ranged slot. A data
entry error caused it to be initially allowed it to be equipped in that
slot.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 13, 2000 7:00 pm
——————————

*Important System Configuration Announcement*. As many of you know,
over the past couple of months we’ve made numerous enhancements to the
EverQuest client. In addition to things such as new /-commands and
other changes of that nature, we’ve enhanced the UI itself to allow
moveable and resizable windows, among other things. At the same time
we’ve been working on a brand new sound engine, and have been further
concentrating on optimizing and expanding the capabilities of the
EverQuest client.

For most applications, the feature set of a version of DirectX is
limited to the lowest common denominator between the version that the
software is compiled under, and the version running on the client. This
means that though you may be running DirectX 7.0a already, and are
receiving advantages associated with the more advanced code, the
feature-set of DirectX used when in EverQuest is limited to version
5.2.

This limits the type and breadth of enhancements that can be made to
the client. Given that we feel that EverQuest players would enjoy
continuing to see new enhancements for the client, we will soon begin
compiling the client under DirectX 7.0a, and implementing the feature-
set available within that version. When we do this, everyone will need
DirectX 7.0a (or higher) to play EverQuest.

Here are some of the possible benefits from DirectX 7.0a:

- Better performance (Graphics and Sound)

- Gamma Correction working in D3D
- Proper Mip-Mapping in D3D
- Fixes fogging on some cards. (Some cards have no fogging at all and
look pretty bad)
- Allows us to use newer interfaces to support such features as full-
screen anti-aliasing, and alternate Z-buffering methods, which tend to
look better.

Changing to DX7 does have a potential downside. Those using older or
discontinued video or sound cards that do not have DX7 compatible
drivers may need to upgrade to continue playing. However, we feel that
the benefits that will come from upgrading to this newer version of
DirectX outweigh the potential problems.

We plan to begin requiring DirectX7.0a when the EverQuest client is
next patched, in two or three weeks. We wanted to be sure to give
everyone enough time to check their version of DirectX and install the
newest version. You can run DXDIAG.EXE in your Windows\System directory
to check your DirectX version and get the newest version of DirectX
from here if it is needed.

Please keep an eye on the patch message for further information
regarding the planned implementation of DX7.

*Epic Quests*

Due to some difficulties regarding the Epic Quests implemented two
patches ago, the epic quests for the Monk, Wizard, and Druid will not
be completable until the next patch. While we would like to have
implemented updates right away for these issues, we are mid-way in our
conversion to support the DirectX changes that have been announced.

We appreciate your patience.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
November 15, 2000 3:00 am
——————————

***Patch Day***

Today’s patch includes the announced code-updates to use technology
included with DirectX 7. You MUST have DirectX 7 or higher installed in
order to play EverQuest. Please refer to
http://everquest.station.sony.com/f_requirements.shtml prior to
contacting technical support for procedures prior to contacting
technical support.

Today’s patch also includes the new “Sound Engine” that we’ve been
speaking about for some time. The new sound engine supports additional
EAX features and should address the concerns of SBLive users that have
been posted in the past.

*Movelog for Povar and Tarew Marr*

The /movelog window will be opened for Povar and Tarew Marr on Saturday
11/18 and Sunday 11/19 from 6PM PST (GMT-8) to Midnight. All players
wishing to have all of their characters moved (on a per-account basis)
from those servers to the new split-server should execute “/movelog
yes” during the windows.

The physical character move will take place next week on Tuesday or
Wednesday. Please check the scheduled downtime page of
www.everquest.com for a firm time when it is decided. Remember that
corpses will not follow you to the new server, so anyone deciding to
move will want to be sure that all corpses are looted prior to the time
of the actual move.

As this patch features new /movelog logic to eliminate problems with
people being left behind, players should not count on customer-service
intervention after the physical move if they were unable to execute the
command during the window. You will need to be present and execute the
command in order to move.

*Spell Changes*

– Pixie Strike: Made it less resistible by reducing the secondary
resist.
– Song of Twilight: Increased duration. Made less resistible by
removing the secondary resist. Allowed it to be cast at any time of
day.
– Fixed the effect on the Necromancer Epic Quest Item. The effect was
checking resist on each tick instead of running full course.
– Increased the duration of the effect on the Enchanter Epic Quest
Item.
– Fixed the “Modulating Rod” so that it can be used by the appropriate
races.
– Fixed the Lost Staff of the Scorned
– Maniacal Strength will now correctly overwrite the level 49 strength
spell.
– The Death Pact and Divine Intervention spells will now stack
appropriately with other spells that have similar effects.

– Modified the “Jonathan’s” line of songs to remove the “skin” effect
in order to allow bards to use them more effectively in combat. In
addition, we made them “Self Only” spells rather than “Single Target”
spells in order to allow bards to remain in combat while singing them.

*General Fixes/Changes*

– Fixed a bug that caused an NPC on “Sister’s Isle” to attack people
who were fighting pirates.
– Removed Paladins as an authorized class for piercing weapons in game
since they do not have the piercing skill.
– The “Belt of the River” quest should now work correctly.
– Fixed all known problems with the class-specific epic quests.
– Implemented some new race-specific quests for Iksar.
– Positively modified most Epic Quest Items. Please check your items
to see your changes. Note: Not all changes will be evident by looking
at the item.
– Fixed the NPC bosses in the Plane of Sky that were not dropping the
correct loot.
– Your bread tin will now be returned when baking bread.
– Fixed the Wellford Fargin keyword problem in Firiona Vie.
– Made the “Gravebinder” a magic weapon.

– Repaired the Forager Bag. It was causing people to lose weight when
placing items in the bag. It is supposed to have a weight reduction
component, but was not supposed to cause weight loss.

– Taunt: Increased effectiveness above level 50. Previously, creatures
above level 50 could not be taunted by means of the taunt skill. Now,
most creatures below the character’s level can now be successfully
taunted. As a note, the chance to taunt a creature above 50th level is
smaller than that of a creature below 50th.

*Client Enhancements*

– You now have 10 pages of 10 hotboxes each when in full screen mode.
– You can now customize 10 pages of 12 socials each, increasing the
total number of available socials by 108.
– Fixed a bug with the keyboard.txt file causing some keys to
translate incorrectly.
– Fixed a bug that caused some window positions to save improperly at
higher resolutions.
– All key mappings are now stored in the EQCLIENT.INI file.

– Fixed all known problems with the clipping plane slider. Users
should now see differences for the entire range of adjustment in zones
that support an adjustable clipping plane.

– Players on PvP servers will no longer show “[LD]” over their heads
when linkdead. In addition, these same players will no longer show as
“LinkDead” in the /who list.

– Players can now set custom text colors while in game. /usercolor:
Usage “/usercolor UserColorNumber R G B” where “UserColorNumber is the
number of the color as indicated in the EQCLIENT.INI file, and R, G,
and B are red, green and blue respectively. All changes will be
automatically saved to your EQCLIENT.INI file.

– OPT files in your EverQuest directory now have a number after the
character name indicating the server number. As such, you will now be
able to have characters of the same name on two separate servers with
different custom options.

– The eqlog.txt file now has a name that includes the server number
and character name. For instance, if your character is named “Bobb”,
and you are on Server 1, your log text file name would be
eqlog_01_Bobb.txt.

– Added two new entries to the “Defaults” section of the EQCLIENT.INI
file: AttackOnAssist=TRUE|FALSE – Sets whether or not your autoattack
turns on automatically when assisting. Defaults to “TRUE”.
ShowInspectMessage=TRUE|FALSE – Sets whether or not you see the
“Soandso is inspecting you” message. Defaults to “TRUE”.

– Custom key mappings have been greatly enhanced. You can now set two
keys, a primary and an alternate, for each function in game. In
addition, things that were previously not customizable can now be set
to a key of your preference. Left-click on the key identifier to set
the primary key, right-click to set the secondary.

– Added the /note command. /note will append the following text to a
file called “notes.txt” in your EverQuest directory. For instance,
typing “/note This is a note” will put “This is a note” on the next
line in the notes.txt file.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
November 16, 2000 8:00 am
——————————

*Follow-up Patch*

Today’s follow-up patch addresses the following issues from yesterday’s
patch:

- The spell Torpor received an unintentional reduction in effectiveness
- Illumination in game was not as bright as it should have been.
- Pet using classes unintentionally gained the ability to summon
multiple pets.
- Bard songs were reacting poorly with invisibility/hide/sneak.
- Hitpoints were being reported incorrectly to clients.
- Changing resolutions would cause some to crash.

In addition, the following changes were left out of yesterday’s patch
message:

- Fixed a bug that would cause some to not be able to cast after being
feared.
- Data for group members and targets will be updated more frequently.
This change should reduce complaints of warping and slow hitpoint and
other updates.
- Bards received increases in the skill cap for their instrument
skills.
- Changed the default combo for casting spells from CTRL-1:8 to ALT-
1:8, as CTRL was interfering with players ability to strafe.

Thank you for your continued patience.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
November 21, 2000 3:00 am
——————————

*Patch Day*

Today’s patch addresses a few problems noted by customers since last
week’s big patch. The following changes were made:

- Fixed some problems with sound volume being set above the maximum or
below the minimum.
- Fixed a problem that caused sound volume to be reset regardless of
the slider setting upon zoning or entering game.
- Fixed a bug that would cause some sounds to be unduly amplified
whenever the volume slider was moved.
- Fixed a bug causing pink fringes to show on whiskers in association
with mipmapping.
- Fixed a bug with /usercolor causing settings to be saved in the wrong
slot.
- Fixed weapon scaling problems with off-hand weapons and those carried
by dwarves.
- Fixed a bug that caused the client to display an amount of experience
in slight disagreement with the server.
- Fixed the Paladin Epic Quest reward, which was procing a spell that
would do around one million points of damage if left to its own
devices.
- Fixed a faction problem that made some quests designed to be doable
by anyone, regardless of race or class, undoable.

In other news, the Tarew/Povar split server, Xev, will be up following
the patch today. Xev is named for Xev Bristlebane, the god of fortune.
We would have named the new server under its full name if not for an
attempt to avoid confusion between the existing “Bristlebane” server
(named for Fizzlethorpe Bristlebane) and Xev.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
November 29, 2000 3:00 am
——————————

*Patch Day*

Today’s patch includes updates to the client to address some problems
reported by people in regards to the DX7 update, as well as other
gameplay issues:

- Corrected an older bug that would cause people to stop gaining or
losing faction with associates when the primary faction was at its
maximum or minimum. Players will now be able to further modify
associate factions in the appropriate direction.

- Random-effects on weapons carried by pets will now behave as if the
pet is a player character rather than an NPC. The change last patch
reduced them to a rate below player characters. As part of this patch,
target-specific random effects will only work if the target is the
intended type. For instance, a weapon that processes “Dismiss Summoned”
will only “go off” on a summoned NPC instead of everything.

- Added some code that should address if not eliminate a problem
reported by people whereas the client would “freeze” for a second or
two every few minutes. For those who do not have IRQ sharing and/or
driver problems, this should address the issue.

- Made final positive modifications to several Epic Quest rewards.
Included in these changes: the SK weapon will now allow you to bash
while carrying it.

- Fixed a problem that gave people problems when exiting the game and
attempting to get back in.

- Added some code to address reports from people who find exiting from
the character-select screen back to the server-select screen rather
slow when mip-mapping is enabled. Most of this problem is due to
routines in DX required to release resources consumed by mip-mapping
and may not be addressable until the next version of DirectX is
adopted.

- Changed customizable key mappings so that the ESC key will clear the
“NOKEY” setting instead of the “Backspace”. This means that you can now
assign “Backspace” to a function in game.

- Corrected a sound problem that would cause certain sounds to be
played “rapid-fire” under some circumstances. There is still a
potential for this to happen with some other sounds that will be
addressed in a patch in the near future.

- Corrected a problem in Kedge Keep that made the top encounter more
difficult than intended after the server had been up for a while.

- Higher level Magician, Necromancer, and Shadowknight pets now have
the ability to dual-wield without being handed weapons. The calculation
used to determine whether or not this ability exists takes several
things into account, but for the most part 39th level and above summons
(higher for the Shadowknight) will have this ability. It is possible
that you could get a “good” 34th level pet that will, or a “bad” 39th
level pet that will not have this ability.

- Bards of the land, hark unto me: The notes have been scribed on
tattered parchment, two score and nine, for you they are meant. Abandon
your mates, though they may fume, and follow the call of the seafarer’s
tune.

- The Monk’s hand-to-hand skill cap has been raised to a level equal to
their one-handed blunt skill.

Remember! Only a few days left until the launch of EverQuest: The Scars
of Velious. Reserve your copy at your local retailer today!

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 1, 2000 7:00 pm
——————————

*SBLive Soundcards and Hardware Acceleration*

Due to some past problems with SBLive cards, users of those cards who
called into tech support were asked to turn “Hardware Acceleration”
down one notch in DXDIAG. The last patch corrected those problems and
most users should again increase hardware acceleration to maximum.

To do this:

1. Click “Start”
2. Click “Run”
3. Type “DXDIAG.EXE” and press enter.
4. Click on the “Sound” tab.
5. Increase the “Hardware Acceleration” slider to maximum.

Doing this should correct issues such as not hearing certain sounds or
sound volume disparities.

The only users who may not want to do this are Windows 2000 users.
Creative Labs is currently working on new drivers for Win2K, so you may
wish to wait until these drivers are completed prior to increasing
hardware acceleration.

Finally, all SBLive users should get LiveWare 3.0 from
http://www.soundblaster.com/liveware/ After installing LiveWare, you
will then want to REINSTALL the latest drivers for your sound card. The
order of installation is important.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 6, 2000 3:00 am
——————————

*Velious Patch*

Today’s patch requires that Velious subscribers press the “Velious
Patch” button on the patch program UI.

*Emergency Patch*

We appreciate everyone’s patience while we address a few issues as tens
of thousands of new players check out Velious. This emergency patch
addresses several issues:

- The transparent inventory screen will no longer come up in 640×480
resolution. It was not supposed to come up as the available screen
space is not large enough to house the new screen.

- “Disabled” windows in full screen mode will no longer interfere with
mouse clicks.

- Addressed some item drop bugs in Skyshrine that had the highest-level
loot dropping off of yard fodder. This has been addressed with a
retroactive item change. We apologize for the inconvenience.

- Several disciplines (Resistant, Trueshot, Unholyaura, and Holyforge)
have been upgraded. Please read the updated EQManual_Supplement.doc (or
.txt) in your EverQuest Directory.

- “Dragon Circles” have been fully implemented. In short, you will not
be able to receive a teleport to a dragon circle unless you’ve been to
the circle before and carry a soulbound souvenir that spawns at the
circle. Please read the updated EQManual_Supplement.

- Innate class-based resistances implemented a year or so ago did not
take into account levels 50 through 60 with exception to those provided
to the warrior. As such, each class that has class-based resistance
bonuses (with exception to the warrior) will get an additional bonus as
they level from 50 to 60.

- The problem of blank faction messages being reported to the players
has been corrected.

- Screenshots are again enabled.

Overall the Velious launch is going very well. We are happy to see that
the problems found so far are minor and that we can address them
quickly.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 7, 2000 4:00 am
——————————

*Patch Day*

Today’s patch addresses a few issues brought up by players over the
last several days:

- Fixed an issue with /split that would cause people to go linkdead in
the event that they used the command in quick succession.
- Fixed a bug where you could not edit socials or skills (via the
hotbutton window right click) in fullview mode if you had hidden your
“MainMenu” window.
- Fixed a bug where you would not see hotbuttons in “normal” mode if
you had hidden that window in fullview mode.
- Fixed it so you can’t use hotbuttons when looting, trading, banking,
or using a merchant in fullview mode (which is how it is in normal
mode, but with the inventory working in fullview mode now it wasn’t
blocked properly for that).
- Fixed the message for the /dynamiclights command to report properly.
- Fixed a problem where INI setting were not being read properly if you
had camped or went LD to server select then reentered the game. This
was causing various UI problems with window positions and colors being
wrong.
- Fixed a problem with Sirens Grotto – Some people entering the zone
were getting stuck.
- Fixed a problem with passage from Skyshrine to Cobalt Scar. Travel in
that direction was supposed to require a key.
- We believe we fixed a problem where NPCs sometimes would hit a pet-
owner no matter how far away the owner was from the pet and the NPC.
- Corrected loot drops in Thurgadin.

We again appreciate patience while we stabilize following Velious
launch.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 8, 2000 3:00 am
——————————

*Velious Subscribers*

Please run the “Velious Patch” off of the patch program.

*New Patch*

We appreciate everyone’s continued patience over the past couple of
days, and are happy to see that the problems that have been experienced
are relatively minor compared to those of the past. Tonight’s patch is
expected to be the last one we’ll have to do for a while, so we hope to
have you enjoying Velious over the weekend non-stop.

Today’s patch corrects the following issues:

- The user interface problems that occurred as of last night have been
addressed, such as window positioning and transparency. Also addressed
were problems with targeting, enabling and disabling windows, and
switching to and from resolutions above 1280×1024.
- Corrected a problem that would cause some Voodoo card users to lock
up when killing giants.
- Added messages for some new skills that some NPCs have (e.g. Rampage,
and Flurry).
- Fixed items and item drops in a number of zones.

Enjoy your weekend!

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 12, 2000 2:00 pm
——————————

*New Velious Subscribers*

Please don’t forget to run the “Velious Patch” off of the patch
program.

*New Server*

We have a new server that will be coming up next week before the
holidays. It will be a split server for Solusek Ro, Karana, and Cazic-
Thule. Solusek Ro (which had about 200 people moved off about 9 months
ago) and Karana (whose last split about 6 months ago did not go very
well) will be split again with Cazic-Thule.

Though the population of Solusek Ro and Karana at peak usage times is
not excessive, those two servers actually peak about 6 hours before the
other servers due to a large overseas population. This is why they are
being split as opposed to other servers.

/movelog registration for the three servers being moved will open this
Saturday at 10am (GMT-8). It will remain open through 12 AM Monday, a
total of 38 hours. We apologize for the short notice but to delay the
move any longer would mean putting it off until well after the
Holidays.

By typing “/movelog yes” within the registration window, you indicate
that you would like all characters on the existing account moved to the
new server. The moves themselves will take place on Tuesday of next
week.

We also have a new non-split server planned for the very near future as
well. It will most likely not go up until after the Holidays. If that
changes, we’ll be sure to let everyone know.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 16, 2000 12:00 am
——————————

*Movelog Reminder*

We want to remind players on Solusek Ro, Karana, and Cazic-Thule that
registration for move to the new split-server will open 10am PST (GMT-
8) today and will remain open until 12:00am Monday.

To register all of your characters on those servers for the move, you
must type “/movelog yes” while in-game. Again, you only have to type
the command while logged in to *one* character. It counts for all
characters on that account and server.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 19, 2000 3:00 am
——————————

*Patch Day*

Today’s patch primarily consists of tuning of Velious zones as well as
content and other additions. In addition, the following changes have
been implemented on the Live servers:

- High-end items that have a activatable (right-click) healing effect
have in several cases had their casting times increased.
- Factions for some of the higher end encounters in Velious have
received some adjustments. Basically, “bad acts” receive more weight
than “good acts”. For instance, if “A” hates “B” and “B” hates “A”,
killing “A” will hurt your faction with “A” more than it will help your
faction with “B”.
- The stamina reduction with “Resurrection Effects” has been replaced
by a slight attack-speed debuff.
- The Ranger’s Trueshot discipline now works correctly. It was
previously only working versus other player characters.
- The Shadow Knight’s “Unholy Aura” discipline has received an
enhancement. When in use, harmtouch resistances will be checked versus
disease instead of magic. In addition, harmtouch will resist in the
same fashion as lifetap spells, meaning that unless the creature is
immune to disease, you should get full damage most of the time.
- The spell attached to the “Fiery Defender” can now be partially
resisted instead of being “all or nothing”. The net result is that the
average damage will be higher.
- The Paladin “Holy Forge” discipline will now give paladins triple the
normal chance of scoring a critical hit. Each critical hit has a
percent chance to be scored as a critical blow.
- Added parameters to the /camp command (the command that will cause
you to camp out if you are already sitting). “/camp server” will take
you back to the server selection screen. “/camp desktop” will take you
out to the desktop following a successful camp. Despite popular
request, “/camp spawn” will not be implemented.
- Walruses now indeed sound like they should.
- Added the /chatfontsize [0 to 5] (default is 1) command. This command
will allow players to adjust the size of the font in the chat window.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………



……………………………………………………………

——————————
January 9, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

***Patch Day***

We’re happy to present today’s patch, which focuses primarily on
addressing issues that have been brought forth by EverQuest players. We
appreciate the opportunity to spend some time focusing on specific
issues important to you. Today’s patch includes the following:

*Disciplines*

- The “Resistant” Discipline now lasts 5 minutes instead of the
previous 1.
- The “Holy Forge” Discipline now lasts 5 minutes instead of the
previous 2.
- The “Weaponshield” Discipline now lasts 20 seconds instead of the
previous 15.
- The “Leechcurse” Discipline now lasts 20 seconds instead of the
previous 15.
- The “Deftdance” Discipline now lasts 15 seconds instead of the
previous 10.
- The “Puretone” Discipline now lasts 4 minutes instead of the previous
2.
- The “Sanctification” discipline now lasts 15 seconds instead of the
previous 10.
- The “Unholy Aura” Discipline now gives a 50% bonus to Harmtouch
(compared with the previous 25%) and causes it to save versus disease,
which should result in even fewer resists in most high-level
encounters.

*Spells*

- “Lay on Hands” has been improved starting at 40th level.
- The “Summon Corpse” spell is now available to Shadowknights.
- Corrected a bug that was causing damage while using the “Trueshot”
Discipline to be the same regardless of the quality of your bow.
- The spells “Focus of Spirit” and “Visions of Grandeur” now stack.
- “Harmtouch” is now resisted as if it were a “Lifetap” spell, meaning
that it is all-or-nothing, and nearly unresistable with exception to
encounters that are immune to magic or out of the acceptable level
range. In addition, maximum damage for Harmtouch has been increased
starting at 40th level.
- We fixed a bug that caused “Lure” type spells (Wizards) to be
resisted more than they should have been in certain types of
encounters.
- Melee attack timers will no longer be reset when a SK, Paladin, or
Ranger cast a spell. Previously these classes had to wait a full attack
delay after casting before they would attack via melee again.

*Miscellaneous*

- You may now adjust the clipping plane in the Hole. Previously, the
clipping plane was fixed. Many people requested the ability to bring
the clipping plane closer to allow them to improve their client’s
performance.
- Fixed several problems with trade-skill components that were not
dropping. Also added some new recipes.
- Fixed the Iksar “Shackle of Steel” quest.
- The additional options for /camp (/camp server, /camp desktop) have
been implemented. /camp server will take you to the server-selection
screen. /camp desktop will cause EverQuest to terminate and take you to
the desktop.

*Root and Snare*

Root-type spells and “snare” type spells now use a separate spell
effect.

Previously, “Root” spells would overwrite any snare effect upon the
target. When the root would wear off, the target began moving at full
speed. With this change, when root wears off, snare will still be in
effect. This has a few added effects on the other end.

For instance, root will no longer cancel SoW or Journeyman’s Boots
effects. It also allowed us to correct a long-standing bug that was
allowing bards to cancel root on themselves by playing Selo’s
Accelerando if Selo’s was in effect at the time that the bard was
rooted. As mentioned in a previous patch where the first part of this
bug was fixed, this was not the intended effect.

*Looting NODROP Items*

A new command is now available to EverQuest players.

In order to prevent the accidental looting of NODROP items, the
/lootnodrop command has been added to the client. The command supports
three options: ALWAYS (Default) – You will be presented with a yes/no
confirmation box when attempting to loot any NODROP item. SOMETIMES –
You will be presented with a yes/no confirmation box when attempting to
loot any NODROP items that your race and/or class cannot use. NEVER –
NODROP items will be looted without confirmation.

It is highly recommended that you DO NOT CHANGE this from the default
option, as the GM staff cannot assist in cases of accidental looting.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

January 14, 2001
 

Hello all,

Since the launch of EverQuest: The Scars of Velious, the EverQuest Live team has been working on a number of things, from addressing issues in Velious to adding additional content to other portions of the world. At this same time, we've been working towards a point where we can stop tweaking class-based abilities, and declare with confidence that they are as "balanced" as we can make them.

It is a foregone conclusion that the diversity of EverQuest's population will never let us reach a point where everyone will be perfectly satisfied with their class's abilities, as nearly every change we make tends to bother some people while pleasing others. Still, we are confident that we can reach a point where problems in our current game systems can be reduced to the point that those left are either negligible in their impact, or offset inversely by a similar problem affecting gameplay in an opposite direction. We're nearly there, but following heated debate and the review of material and opinions sent in by the players, we've decided to make some exciting and unprecedented changes to a game system that has remained intact since release: the experience system itself.

While the EverQuest Message-board FAQ states that the experience system is not subject to post-production changes, it also explains that as developers of an ongoing MMORPG in a dynamic world, there are times that we need to be flexible and address issues as necessary. Though it has always been our goal to avoid changes to core systems whenever possible, our additional goal of finalizing class balance takes precedence in this case.

We're going to depart from our usual method of releasing information by giving everyone some specific information in regards to how these systems currently work, and how they will work after the patch. It is very important to us that everyone understands our goals, and the fact that these changes are helpful to all of the players. We can only do that by giving you the details necessary for you to draw your own conclusions.

Zone Experience

The first and perhaps easiest to explain change that we are making to the experience system is the modification of what we call the "Zone Experience Multiplier", or 'ZEM'. Currently, every creature in game of a given level yields a fixed amount of "Base Experience" (experience before it is allocated to group members). That base experience is then multiplied by the ZEM which is set to a value in correlation with the risk in a particular zone compared with the reward; at least, that is the goal.

Recently we evaluated many underutilized dungeons and considered reasons why they might be underutilized. Some people suggested that proximity of bind locations plays a part, and as such we are considering adding more binding locations to the game. We of course will not allow everyone to bind on the doorstep of a dungeon, but these changes should hopefully reduce the potential run for a melee class. While additional binding locations probably will not be in the next patch, we did want to discuss our thoughts on the matter.

Another suggestion, one that probably has the most merit, is that some dungeons are too risky given everything concerned. The natural conclusion is that we should increase the reward in order to offset the added risk. Our contention is that most people would rather be grouping and fighting their way through a dungeon because it's more fun, but feel "forced" to sit outdoors and camp zero-risk single spawns because it is safer and thus more efficient. While that statement might be true in an ideal world, it usually results in crowding in these popular outdoor zones (for example, Lake of Ill Omen or Oasis). The crowding in these zones really results in less efficient progress than one could make in a dungeon given a good group, but is still SAFE, at least ensuring that one will not have to tolerate "going backwards".

We can increase the reward of a particular dungeon in two fashions: We can either put in good loot, or we can change the ZEM. The problem with increasing the quality or quantity of loot is that if the loot is good enough, it's more likely to draw people far above the desired level range for the dungeon, making it some place that appropriately leveled folk choose to avoid. The second problem with the ever-increasing quality of loot is inflation: as good loot becomes more widely available, its value and the prestige value from owning it declines.

In this case, we decided that the most appropriate action for several underutilized dungeons would be to increase the ZEM; that is, increase the amount of experience that everyone gets when adventuring in the zone.

As of the next patch, you will receive additional experience (per kill) in the following zones:



	   Droga increased by 12%
	   Nurga increased by 12%
	   Solusek's Eye (SolA) increased by 13%
	   Najena increased by 13%
	   Befallen increased by 13%
	   Paw increased by 13%
	   Permafrost increased by 13%
	   Kaesora increased by 18%
	   Qeynos Catacombs increased by 20%
	   Runnyeye increased by 20%
	   Kerra Ridge increased by 20%
	   The Hole increased by 25%


Grouping Bonus

We've always been the first to say that EverQuest is designed to promote grouping. Those who prefer to solo should be able to do so with some restrictions, but probably will not be able to go everywhere and do everything like a well-oiled, or like multiple well-oiled groups. This is a main foundation of EverQuest, and is what drove our decision to implement a class-based system where classes have strengths and weaknesses that complement each other.

Aside from making it so that the best gear requires groups, either to get quest items or get the best gear directly, our goal was to make it so that groups could advance faster than a solo player. One way we tried to reach this goal was by putting experience bonuses in dungeons, so our changes mentioned above should certainly help in that area. Another way we tried to reach that goal was by giving a per-kill experience bonus based on the size of the group.

One thing that has been confirmed by many of our high level players, both inside and outside the company, is that the "best"  groups can already advance faster in a grouping situation than by any one member camping a single spawn. However, it has been pointed out that not everyone has the opportunity to get in the "best group". This led to many players choosing to "camp the single spawn" because they then do not have to worry about someone else getting their character killed. This in turn exacerbated the problem, as many players chose to "camp the single spawn" from creation to old age, and are just beginning to experience grouping and learn group-skills at about the time that dungeons become the most unforgiving. The inevitable result is that the level 50 "dungeon newbies" contribute to the fact that the group isn't the "best group".

Our goal is to get people grouping earlier, and provide them enough of a bonus where they do not feel that they are losing ground during the learning process. We feel we can do this by doubling the grouping experience bonus and by scaling it up based on the size of the group. Currently, the bonus is an additional 2% experience per group member, not counting the first one, leading to a maximum bonus of 10%. Following the next patch, the bonus will be as follows:


	   2 person group - 2% total bonus.
	   3 person group - 6% total bonus.
	   4 person group - 10% total bonus.
	   5 person group - 14% total bonus.
	   6 person group - 20% total bonus.


  This bonus is applied to the total experience reward for killing a creature prior to distributing it to the group.

  Many people have pointed out that when killing in a group you get less experience per kill. This is of course true, but what is often missed is that you can kill many more creatures, and creatures of a higher level when in that group. For instance, a good two-person group should be able to kill things of a higher level over twice as fast as a solo person should. Now, we're going to give them even more of a bonus for doing so, AND make it easier for people to find pickup groups on the basis of getting higher scaled bonus.

  Finally, we very well may decide to revamp and/or readjust NPC populations and/or experience multipliers in the future in order to ensure that groups adventuring there find them worthwhile.

  Experience Penalties - Description

  I think that it would be appropriate to say that most players are aware that there are different experience requirements for advancement based upon the race and class you choose to play. Ogres, for instance, require more experience to level than Halflings, and Shadowknights require more experience to level than Warriors. As such, an Ogre Shadowknight requires FAR more experience to level than a Halfling Warrior does. What some people have discovered is that when in a group, everyone shares in this penalty. Before getting into our plan, I think that its important to talk about what our goals were regarding experience penalties and the group sharing in that penalty.

  When EverQuest player characters were being designed, it was immediately apparent that some races and classes would be more powerful than others given versatility and other factors. Later, it came to light that the concept of being "more powerful" began to break down at the upper levels, given that everyone capped at the same level. We could not let any one race or class be immensely more powerful than another at that final point, as it would essentially put parts of the game off limits to those who chose the less powerful classes. While we did a good job of making races vary in power, but not so much as to be unbalancing, the same could not be said for classes. Still, though classes would be roughly equivalent in regard to the compelling reason to play them through versatility, the experience penalties were kept.

  In regards to the sharing of the experience penalty, it was apparent in beta, before the penalty was shared, that those playing characters without an experience penalty leveled faster than those that did. It was obvious that this would occur, but it was to the extreme that a group of friends, all playing together, would become separated to the point that they could no longer group efficiently in the mid to upper-mid levels. So we chose to distribute experience in the group on the basis of the total experience of each member rather than the level, in order to keep groups together.

  As such, a level 20 Troll SK, having more experience total than a Human Wizard of the same level, would get more experience from each kill, while the total experience for the kill was unchanged. Essentially, the SK would take part of the Wizard's share were everything distributed equally to begin with.

  Experience Penalties - Resolutions

  Over the past week the EverQuest team has been considering experience penalties in all their forms. We had many meetings where the issue was hotly debated from both sides. We had to consider not only the effect on the individualplayer, but also the effect of any changes on the game as a whole. Eventually, we nearly unanimously decided the following:


	   1. Race-based penalties are appropriate. An ogre, for instance, does indeed make a better warrior than a halfling. It is not so little that the faction and size problems make up for it, and not so much that it is really unbalancing at upper levels, but enough that the penalty should apply. Secondly, the penalty is not so severe (compared with class-based penalties) that it would cause groups to break up on the journey from one to sixty due to level differences.

	   2. Class-based penalties are not appropriate. Classes are roughly equivalent in power throughout the level ranges, and the versatility does not make up for that penalty. In fact, the majority of changes made to classes in the name of balance in the last year were based on the assumption that, at the high end, each class should still be roughly as needed and balanced as any other.

	   3. Penalties, in any form, should not be shared with the group. Players know that no one class is immensely more powerful/valuable than another, and as such it is not fair to ask them to share a burden. If classes with penalties were really more powerful or valuable than the other classes, then it might be right, but that isn't the case here. Furthermore, sharing of penalties causes people to reject potential group members on the basis of them "sucking" too much experience.

	   4. We're going to fix it.

	   5. Class-based experience bonuses (which warriors and rogues get) are also not appropriate, as they cannot be so if penalties are not. However, we've decided to leave this as-is, since the bonus is not so severe as to be unbalancing. Bottom line: we don't feel the bonus is enough to warrant a fix that could be interpreted as a 'nerf'.


  Experience Penalties - Implementation

  Though people often refer to the class-based penalties as the "Hybrid Penalty", most classes have a penalty. Hybrids just have the largest. A hybrid requires 40% more experience to level than standard, Monks require 20% more, and Intelligence casters require 10% additional experience.

  Unfortunately, we cannot change the experience tables themselves without running each character (which number in the tens of millions) through an "Experience Converter" without existing players changing levels spontaneously. While some might argue that we should grant free levels to everyone with a penalty, that would not be in the best interest of gameplay. After all, who would want a paladin with level 40 skills (skills in the player-sense, rather than the character-sense) in your level 60 group tomorrow? Everyone earns his or her experience under the rules that exist at the time.

  This means that we must address the penalty differently: basically, for every kill, after all grouping bonuses and zone bonuses are applied, the experience will be split up according to level, rather than experience. For those classes that do not have a penalty, they will then be given that share. Those classes that have a penalty will get their share, multiplied by their experience penalty. Essentially we are creating extra experience to give to those with a penalty after everyone else has gotten their share.

  Since penalties are always a value over "1", this results in the creation of additional experience. And, since shares are determined by level rather than total experience as before, a character will get just as much experience for a kill based upon the size and level of the group, regardless of the class makeup. Finally, everyone in the group gains experience at a faster rate because we're creating the additional experience for those with penalties out of thin air, rather than taking it from other members of the group. That means that after implementation, those without penalties will get more experience for every kill than they would have if they ever grouped with a class with a penalty.

  Now you'll notice that we are dividing up experience based upon the LEVEL makeup of the group. For instance, if a level 20 and a level 21 group together, the level 21 will get more experience per kill. That is however only fair since the level 21 does actually contribute more value to the group.

  There is a problem, however, with this 'new' formula. Death penalties are currently based off of the level before your current one. Secondly, everyone suffers the same numeric experience loss on death as anyone else of their race, regardless of class or class-based experience penalties. What this means is: if I am a cleric, and you are an SK of the  same level and race, we both die and lose the same numeric value of experience (Example: 100,000 experience points). When we go back to recover from death, you as the SK will get your 100,000 points back faster than I will as a cleric, since all of the experience you get is multiplied by your class-penalty (1.4). Essentially, I lose and gain experience at 1.0, but you lose at 1.0, and gain at 1.4.

  This is a balance issue we decided was also necessary to address. If we are going to make the statement that class experience penalties should not exist, we then have to do it on both ends (with exception to the two classes that we've decided to leave as-is). As such, rather than losing the same numeric value, loss on death will ALSO be multiplied by the experience penalty. Since everyone currently loses experience as if they are a warrior of their own race, we do not want anyone to lose more relative experience (e.g. experience such that recovery from death is more difficult). Hence, we further multiply the experience loss on death by the class experience modifier for warriors (0.9).

  In our example above, my cleric would lose 90,000 XP on death at my level (Same as before since clerics do not have an XP penalty), but your SK will lose 126,000 XP (Same as before, plus something to offset the experience gain bonus). Death is, however, still easier to recover from for both classes since we create experience out of thin air for every kill.

  We felt that it was important to announce this as well since those with penalties will see a larger portion of their "bubble" lost upon a death, but will now recover that experience much faster. It's VERY important to understand this. Again, if you play a class that gets a bonus now when you make a kill, you will also lose more due to death. Please remember this when, after your first death post-patch, you see a greater experience loss on your screen: you are ALSO gaining more experience for each kill.

  Summary

  The changes that we are making in the next patch should have a profound impact upon the game:


			Classes no longer have a true class-based experience penalty, making it easier for people to play the class that they want to play, rather than the class that they feel compelled to play due to faster advancement.

			Race based penalties are no longer shared with the group, and in truth are not severe enough to greatly impact the advancement speed of any particular race. Even the race with the worst penalty will level no slower than a human monk does now, and in truth will level faster due to the other changes that went in.

			The grouping bonus increase, in addition to the other changes, makes grouping much more efficient, without reducing the current efficiency of soloing for those who prefer that route.

			Experience modifiers turned up in the other zones should encourage people to spread out, have more fun, and allow those staying behind in other areas to have more fun themselves since the area is less crowded.

			All players, assuming that they have an experience penalty, or ever group with anyone who does, will level faster.


  Many of these changes are quite involved in regards to their implementation, and as such we want to be sure that everyone interested understands them. Alan "Absor" VanCouvering will be happy to answer any questions that you  may have on the EverQuest Message boards. Until then, we sincerely hope that these changes will help all players, whether "uber" or "causal", experience and enjoy EverQuest to their greatest potential.

  For Brad McQuaid, Jeff Butler, and every dedicated member of the EverQuest Team,


  Gordon Wrinn
  Associate Producer, EQLive
  Sony Online Entertainment 



——————————
January 17, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

*Baltimore Fan Faire – Last Chance*

Monday is the registration deadline for the Baltimore Fan Faire! We are
almost sold out so hurry and visit
http://everquest.station.sony.com/fanfaire/fanfaire.html before you
miss your chance to attend this event!

*Patch Day*

The primary focus of today’s patch is to implement changes noted in the
new Producer’s Letter which can be found at

http://everquest.station.sony.com/news/letter.shtml

It is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED that you read the Producer’s Letter before
playing EverQuest. It contains some unprecedented and exciting
enhancements to gameplay.

In addition to these changes, the following changes have been
implemented:

*Bug Fixes*

- Fixed a bug that caused “root” and “snare” type spells to function
incorrectly when stacked. They should now stack properly.
- Fixed a bug that negated the “instrument modifier” for bards using
Selo’s, causing them to run slower than they otherwise would.
- Fixed a bug that allowed two or more spells that grant levitation to
stack. Levitation spells should not stack.
- The “Track Corpse” spell now works.
- Tracked down and eliminated several bugs that were causing a very
small percentage of people to crash when zoning or upon entering the
game.
- Fixed a problem with some Ulthork armor that caused it to disappear
on death if the wearer was of extremely low level.
- Tserrina’s Whip has been fixed. If you received one prior to today’s
patch, you will need to trade out your whip with a GM in order to get
one that works correctly.
- Last week’s patch attempted to fix Celestial Elixir, Celestial
Healing, and Torpor, so that they would stack another similar spell,
unintentionally causing it to stop stacking with standard regeneration
spells. This has been fixed. The downside to this fix is that these
spells will now overwrite the “Call of Bones” series. As the three
former spells are cast to save a character’s life, this solution
appears to be the most beneficial for all of those involved.
- The stronger /lootnodrop options will no longer prompt you for
confirmation when looting your own corpse. It is highly suggested that
everyone reset their option to the strongest security available:
/lootnodrop ALWAYS (always ask for confirmation).
- Added some code to address an issue reported by a few players, that
being that an NPC named “Ragefire” would die and not leave a corpse.
Though we were unable to reproduce this problem in testing, the code we
added should function as a catch-all for this problem. Please be sure
to let us know how this goes.

*Changes/Enhancements*

- While not mentioned in the Producer’s Letter, the Zone Experience
Modifier has also been increased in Guk (guktop), by roughly 12%.
- “Lay on Hands” has been enhanced again to heal more hitpoints.
- Overlooked in the last patch message, new spells were made available
to Rangers and Paladins in the upper levels.
- “Voice of the Berserker”, a beneficial spell, no longer drains mana
over the duration of the spell.
- The maximum duration of “Strength of Nature” has been increased.
- A new spell for magicians is now available in game.
- The “Shield of the Eighth” spell will now last a number of minutes
equal to your level.
- You can now use the arrow and enter keys to select characters in the
character select screen. In addition, the last character you chose will
be automatically hilighted when entering that screen. This value is
stored in the EQCLIENT.INI file as “LastCharSel=0-7?
- The ranger’s “Trueshot” discipline has had its damage increased after
analyzing data from its fix last week. Prior to the last patch, all
bows, while under the discipline, were hitting as if they were 45dmg
bows regardless of the delay. Last week’s patch fixed it so that damage
was based on the damage of the bow. This weeks patch increases damage
bonuses in relation to delay (longer delays yield better damage
bonuses).
- You can now reverse the left and right channels on your speakers
using the /reversesound command. This should be very useful for those
who have had to place their speakers backwards due to cable lengths.
- Made some improvements to Paw, Mistmoore, and The Hole, to address
some concerns brought forth by the players. Both zones had some
problems that would cause them to be exceedingly difficult in some
cases.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
January 24, 2001
——————————

*QA Openings*

Our Quality Assurance department is looking for some AVID EQ gamers to
join us as testers at the San Diego branch. If you would like more
information please visit www.verant.com or mail your resume to
resume@station.sony.com with “QA Openings” as the Subject.

Applicants should include their time playing EverQuest, and their
number of characters and their respective classes and levels as part of
their resume.

*Small Patch*

The EverQuest Team is currently hard at work evaluating, planning, and
documenting our project plans for the current year. As such, we did not
plan game updates during this period, forecasted to last a few weeks.

However, given today’s server maintenance being performed by our
Operations Team, we were able to include a few small updates. These
include some minor polishing on the Plane of Mischief, as well as the
placement of the wizard’s Velious teleport spells on merchants.

Very soon, we’ll be back to our continual plans to enhance the game
world. We’ll be sure to let you know what we have planned as we can.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
January 31, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

*File Download*

The file just downloaded contains some new art for use in game in the
future.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 21, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

*Patch Day*

Today’s patch contains a wide variety of enhancements and changes. Due
to the number of changes being made, this list is primarily a summary.
Extended descriptions of the changes and the reasoning behind them can
be solicited on the EverQuest Message Boards.

*Spell and Skill Changes*

Druids, Shaman, and Clerics:
— Superior Healing moved to level 51 for shamans and druids.
— Casting difficulty of Superior Heal reduced (less fizzles)
— New level 55 Druid and shaman spell, Chloroblast, similar to remedy
for clerics.
— New Druid spell at level 60, upgrade to superior healing, Natures
Touch.
— Created a new spell effect for Celestial Healing, Celestial Elixir,
and Torpor. This will allow them to stack with all other spells, save
spells of the same type (Heal over time). Prior to this, all heal-over-
time spells followed the same rules as regeneration spells.
— Reduced the casting difficulty of Remedy.
— Lowered recast time on Wake of Karana

Paladins:
— Added Endure Magic spell at level 30
— Added Resist Magic at 55
— Moved Guard spell from 49 to 39
— Moved Armor of Faith from 53 to 49
— Added New level 53 paladin spell: Divine Glory
— Added New level 59 spell: Celestial Cleansing
— Defense skill cap made exactly same as warriors
— Added Yaulp 4 at 60 and enhanced.

Shadowknights:
— Removed artificially inflated mana cost for pre level 50 lifetap
spells. Please note that post-50 lifetap spells never had an inflated
mana cost.
— Moved Spirit Tap to level 55
— Moved Drain Spirit to level 57
— Added Drain Soul at level 60
— Grim Aura added at level 22 and enhanced
— Moved Shieldskin to level 34
— Pet buff added at 29
— Added Diamondskin spell at 59
— Defense skill cap made exactly same as warriors
— Due to the recent improvements to “Harmtouch”, it is doing much
more damage than it would before and unbalances PvP. As such it will
now do less damage in PvP (68% of PvE, down from 80%). In addition,
Shadowknights on the PvP servers were routinely killing themselves via
non-XP losing means and attacking other players with Harmtouch
immediately upon respawn. In order to address this situation, Harmtouch
is no longer automatically “recharged” by death on the PvP Servers.
— The “Lifeleech” discipline now increases hit probability in
addition to its other effects.

Rangers:
— Added Endure Cold at 22
— Added Skin Like Nature at 59
— Added FireFist at 22
— Moved Bramblecoat from 49 to 39
— Added Spikecoat at 49
— Added resist cold at 55
— Added Panic Animal at 22
— Moved Jolt to 51
— Moved Spirt of Wolf from 39 to 30
— Added Cinder Jolt (fire-based Jolt spell) at 55.
— Offense and weapons skill made identical to warriors
— Added See Invisible at 39

Bards:
— Added new level 20 Bard Song: Cassindra`s Chant of Clarity
— Bards defensive skill made exactly the same as a warriors
— Changed it so that the bard spell Denon’s Desperate Dirge to
increase damge by 10pts per level over 45. Also made it so the spell
does 20% more damage using the Puretone discipline.

Magicians:
— Added new level 59 spell: Valiant Companion
— Added new level 39 spell: Summon Companion
— Rain spells no longer count pets against total number of entities
they can damage (all rain spells)
— Added level 29 spell for Mages: Expedience

Enchanters:
— Lowered recast time on Visions of Grandeur

*Bug Fixes*

— Aggressive and Defensive disciplines have been fixed. Before they
would only affect damage taken and not affect damage dealt out. Now
they affect both as designed.
— Fixed the bug with going to the spellbook when the inventory window
was up in fullview mode. It should work now. Also, fixed a minor bug
where if you were in normal mode and tried to go to the spellbook from
inventory via /book or the keymapped key it would not go, and it would
make the done button not work properly for the inventory mode.
— Fixed NPC melee ranges to be the same as for player characters. In
other words, if you can hit the NPC, he can hit you. This bug was a
problem with one dragon that could be hit, but could not hit back.
— Fixed a bug that made it impossible to “Call of the Hero” someone
out of water or lava.
— Fixed the proc on the Chilled Scythe. Owners of this item will need
to swap it out with a GM.
— The Kromzek Surveyor Scope now fits in the “Ranged” slot rather
than the “Ammo” slot as before.
— Fixed a bug that caused the two single-target bard snare songs to
break too soon in some cases.
— Fixed a bug whereby NPCs would consider the race of a player prior
to the loading of the faction table upon zoning or logging in. This
would cause people to be attacked by things that normally like them.
— Players should now be properly removed from the group regardless of
how they exit the game.

*Misc Changes*

— Added text labels to the fullview inventory window “body” slots
(Available only to Velious Subscribers)
— Added the ability to toggle those labels on and off. Use
/invwinlabels [on/off] (or no arguments to toggle). This is saved in
the eqclient.ini file in the [Defaults] section with the key
InvWinLabels=[TRUE/FALSE]
— Increased the pre-50 bind-wounds cap for rogues and warriors.
— Pickpocket now works to a max of 5 levels below you, or level
45…whichever is greater… You can pickpocket NPC up to level 55 if
you are level 60.
— The mouse pointer will now move at a multiple of its normal speed
when you adjust the MousePointerSpeedMod setting in the eqclient.ini
file. You can set that multiple on-the-fly with the /mousespeed
command.
— The “AutoHelp” feature that can be set under the options menu has
been enhanced. Spell casters in particular might want to turn it on and
try depressing the ALT key. It’s perfect for refreshing your memory in
regards to your spell lineup.
— If you are interrupted while trying to cast a spell that uses a
component, you will no longer use that component. Jewelers should be
very pleased with this change.
— Reduced the casting difficulty (fizzle rate) of all spells over
level 56. Spells have always previously been set up so that it’s
usually more efficient to use a spell from a previous circle than the
current one. The formula did not take into account the fact that
everyone stops at 60.
— Changed it so that players will now lose experience when they die
in the Arena in Kael Drakkel. It seems that people were fighting giants
in that arena in order to avoid the death penalty.
— Naked PC corpses that have experience and are above level 30 will
now last 3 hours instead of 3 minutes.
— Avatar and Focus of Spirit should now stack
— Raised the pre and post 50 bind wounds cap for paladins, clerics,
druids, and shaman.

*Item Changes*

— The effect on the “Frost Giant Beard” can now be used at 35th level
rather than level 50.
— The Wurmslayer will now fit in a bag.
— Iksar can now use the Ashenbone Shield
— Chandged Crystallized Shadow leggings to rentable
— Changed Gorilla Hide Leggings to show up as leather, was cloth
before
— Changed Envy from a piercing weapon to a shield so players could
Bash with it. Envy is a parrying dagger.
— The Shralok Pack is now LORE. It was set to pending-lore some time
ago.
— The Guardian and Sentry Armor bracers are no longer LORE.
— Donal’s Breastplate can now only be used on any individual target
once every 7.5 minutes. This addresses some of the balance issues that
became apparent given the existence of a mana-free complete heal.

*Trades and Crafts*

— Fixed the Gator Roll baking recipe.
— Repaired the notetext instructions for creating a Mixing Bowl with
pottery.
— Repaired Holgresh Fur Cap and Holgresh Fur Moccasins tailoring
recipes.
— Made it so that the file is returned in addition to the hammer when
a character fails to forge any of the various chain jointings.
— Repaired Recipe for Enchanted Tier`Dal Adamantite Bracelet
— Made it so that the Dwarven Smithy Hammer is returned on a failure
to forge Brellium Chain Jointing.
— Repaired Field Plate Boots smithing recipe
— Changed the name of the smithed Enchanted Cabilis Scale armor to
Imbued Cabilis Scale armor for naming convention reasons.
— Repaired the recipe for converting 3 Enchanted Large Adamantite
Bricks into 1 Enchanted Block of Adamantite in the Tier`Dal Forge, it
was previously only possible in the Oggok Forge.
— Made it so that the Bread Tin is returned upon a failure to bake
bread.
— Mithril and Velium Bonings will be stackable.
— Mithril Studs will be stackable.

*NPC AI – Hate*

We’ve made a number of changes to NPC AI, specifically to the section
dealing with target-selection, or what’s commonly referred to as
“Hate”. It is not so much that NPCs react differently to hate now than
before, but that we’ve changed the way that hate is awarded.

— We reduced the amount of hate that can be caused by a proc. Due to
the high proc rates at upper levels, the amount of hate generated from
procs, and the spells that were selected for those procs, made keeping
the attention of the creature much too easy a task for the tank.
Simply, it nearly eliminated the challenge of keeping a foes attention
at levels above 50.

— We’ve capped the amount of hate that can be awarded to most
casters, specifically for debuff-type spells like the Malo and Tash
series. The hate calculation for these spells takes into account the
number of hitpoints of the NPC and did not “play nice” with the
increased HP limit of Velious. It explains why Enchanters, for
instance, would complain that casting a Tash spell would lead to near-
instant death.

— We’ve redressed the amount of hate generated by heal spells.
Previously, and *partly* due to a bug, the high level heal spells such
as superior heal or complete heal would generate no more hate than
greater heal. In fact, so little hate was generated by these spells
that it made controlling NPC aggression trivial. Heal spells will now
generate an amount of hate more in line with the number of hitpoints
actually healed. Due to our desire to leave the lower level game more
or less untouched, two separate caps have been placed for targets level
50 or below, and 51 or above. Heal spells will generate significantly
less hate for targets below level 51 than those at or above that level.

— We’ve also re-evaluated ways that players have to reduce their own
hate. While spells in place to allow this are OK, the Evade skill
(possessed by rogues) let them out of their damage too easily. A rogue
that successfully evaded would immediately drop to a level of hate
lower than someone who was in the awareness range, but hadn’t done
anything to really upset the creature such as damage it or heal its
foe. This problem was exacerbated by the increase of the size of the
hate list implemented with Velious.

*Tracking*

Tracking now works in full view for all classes that can use it, and
sports a nifty scroll bar that allows players to see everything on the
list. In addition, the /trackplayer setting is now saved to the
eqclient.ini file.

The following options have been put in for Rangers only:

— /tracksort
— /trackfilter

*/tracksort options beginning with R are reverse order

*Hybrid Casting*

Hybrids that cast spells in combat were taking double penalties at
higher levels. The casting times of their spells went up, and the
amount of melee damage they do per second went up. This results is
having to take longer to cast spells, and losing more damage/second for
each second taken in casting. To help offset this, Rangers, Paladins
and Shadowknights casting non-beneficial spells that have casting times
greater than or equal to 3 seconds, now get a 3 % reduction in casting
time for each level over 50. 3% at 51, 6% at 52, etc., to 30% at 60.
Again, this applies only to non-beneficial spells.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

FEBRUARY 21, 2001

Shralok Pack and Pending Lore:

It's apparent that some EQ players, primarily those who started playing after the introduction of the LORE tag, did not know what the "Pending Lore" tag meant. "Pending Lore" means that in the future, an item WILL become LORE, making it so the character can possess only one. When this change occurs, the server deletes additional items upon login.

The Shralok Pack is one of those items. However, due to the number of people unaware of the meaning of the tag, we've changing it back to "Pending Lore". Players who had the item disappear from their characters can contact a GM to have their characters restored to the time of the last backup.

Going forward, we will work to distribute additional notification when making a change of this type. To that end, the Shralok Pack will become a LORE item in the very near future, and players should take steps to remove all items and get rid of additional packs. It should be noted that there is no guarantee as to which pack(s) will be deleted when the server reduces the total number owned to one, so you will want to destroy any superfluous packs manually.
Healing and Hate:

A team member has asked that we clarify the changes to the way hate is awarded in healing. The important point that may not have been clear below is that there is a cap on the amount of hate that can be awarded for any particular heal spell. For a target below level 51, no heal spell can generate more than 800 hate, regardless of the number of hitpoints healed. For targets level 51 or above, the cap is higher, but does not approach the total hitpoints of a fully buffed warrior.
Casting Difficulty:

The patch message mentioned that the casting difficulty for spells above level 56 was reduced. The actual value is spells of level 51 or above. These spells should fizzle less than they did before.
Crashing on Zoning:

We tracked down and eliminated another bug that was causing some people to intermittently crash upon zoning. If you were affected by this problem you should notice better performance.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
March 6, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

***Patch Day***

*General Changes*

– Doubled the chance gain skill points in skills that are above 200.
– Fixed a bug that disallowed casting of the Donal’s Breatplate on
others once casted upon yourself.
– The spell scrolls for Grim Aura should now all reflect usability by
SKs
– Fixed a bug that would allow melee players to open a spellbook via
/book or alt+b.
– Merchants will now recognize Iksar as a valid race.
– New bind locations have been added to three zones in the world – One
on Antonica and two others on Kunark. NPCs at these locations can fill
you in on the details. Good hunting.
– The casting time for four cleric brestplates sporting the “Celestial
Healing” effect has been increased to one minute. We understand that
this severely limits the use of that effect and we are currently
discussing alternate effects to place on those items in the next patch.
We did, however, need to address the 300pt per tick regen that could be
placed and kept on the group tank. When we’ve decided on the new
affect, it will be applied to those items retroactively.
– Numeric skill values will be shown on character skill display for
skill values over 100. Values under 100 still show the qualitative
identifiers.
– Players have expressed concern about accidentally inspecting other
players. You can now turn on or off your ability to inspect other
players by typing /inspect.
– Those of you with z-axis mouse wheels on your mice may use them over
the chat window.
– Fixed “Breath of the Sea”. It was mistakenly set to be unresistable.
– Same-zone evac-type spells will now cause you to reload the current
zone. This is a necessary step to ensure that you are removed from all
hatelists and clean up your pet.
– “Voice Graft” will no longer show the spawn number (Jobaber00) of
your pet.
– You will now receive a message when you are being bandaged.
– The tracking skill cap for Druids has been raised to 125. It was the
intent for druids to be better at tracking than they were, however
before the scroll bar, smaller skill numbers were often considered
better. With the tracking improvements from the last patch, this
increase was appropriate.
– Increased the number of hitpoints healed by Celestial Cleansing.

*NPC AI Adjustments*

– Level 60 players with the taunt skill will now have a chance to
taunt creatures that are level 60 to 65. Previously, players could only
taunt creatures below their level.
– NPCs that are mesmerized or stunned will now only add a very small
amount of hate when they see you cast beneficial spells on their
enemies. Prior to this, they would add full hate when they saw you do
this. This is why NPCs would always jump the cleric after breaking Mez.
– Fixed a bug that would cause NPCs to add too much “temporary hate”
when a player would sit down in front of them.
– The maximum amount of “hate” that an NPC can add when witnessing a
heal to targets above level 50 has been decreased substantially.
– Hate from heals is also now calculated at a lesser number than the
number of hitpoints healed. Previously, healing one hitpoint would
cause one point of hate. Now, healing 3 hitpoints will cause 2 points
of hate.

*Velious Music*

Velious subscribers should run the Velious Patch to pick up new mood
music for some Velious Zones. Let us know what you think of the new
compositions.

*EQGems*

A new “mini-game” has been added to the EverQuest client. EQGems is our
first effort aimed towards allowing people to engage in different
activities while playing EverQuest. Based upon the success of EQGems,
we may explore opportunities for other mini-games in the future, even
some that are multiplayer in and of themselves. Type /gems to play.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
March 9, 2001 12:00 am
——————————

*E’ci and The Rathe Movelog*

We will be opening a new server and moving characters from the E’ci and
The Rathe servers to this new server upon the request of the customer.
If you choose to move your characters to the new server, please be
aware that all of your characters on the old server will be moved to
the new server.

To request to have your characters moved to the new server, all you
need to do is type “/movelog yes” into the chat window while playing a
character on that server during the time that the move log is open.

We will be opening the move log for these two servers on Friday, March
16th, 2001 at 6:00 pm. PST (which is Saturday morning at 2:00 am GMT).
We will be closing the move log on Sunday, March 18th, 2001 at 11:59 pm
PST (7:59 am on Monday the 19th GMT). The new, yet unnamed, server
should be opened some time during the week of March 19th. We’ll
announce the exact date as soon as we can.

There are a few things to keep in mind when choosing to move your
characters to the new server. The most important thing to keep in mind
is that character corpses will not be moved with the characters. So it
is important to make certain that you have looted all of the corpses
that you want to loot before the characters are moved.

Also, characters names are unique on the new server. Because characters
will be moving from two separate servers onto the new one, there may be
cases where two characters with the same name are created on the new
server. Because character names must be unique, one of the two
characters will be chosen at random and have an ‘x’ added to the end of
their name. If you find that one of your characters has had an ‘x’
tacked onto their name after the move and you would rather have a new
name, please contact your GM by using the /petition function. The GM
will help you to change the name of your character.

Guild structures do not follow the characters to the new server. We
will be unable to reestablish guilds until at least a week has passed
after the split. On any day after the new server has been up for eight
days, the guild leader can /petition for a GM to help them reestablish
the guild. Please do not petition for this before seven days have
passed, we will not be able to set up your guild before then.

We will not be moving characters back to the old server, so make
certain that you want to move your characters before you type “/movelog
yes”. And we will not be moving characters for those that fail to
execute the movelog command during the stated window of opportunity.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
March 14, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

***EverQuest Turns Two***

Two years ago this Friday, EverQuest was launched, forever changing the
course of online gaming. Today EverQuest boasts nearly 360,000 active
subscribers, and a two-year retention rate of 65%. Peak usage tops
89,000 simultaneous users with average peak usage at roughly 87,000.
The EverQuest community continues to grow daily.

We’ve put up a page on the EverQuest website to help celebrate
EverQuest’s achievement and to thank our loyal fans. Over the next
couple of days we will be posting interesting content from EverQuest’s
humble beginnings, as well as a few surprises. Check it out!

http://everquest.station.sony.com/2ndanniversary/index.jsp

*Ever Changing, Evolving, Expanding*

The Warrens:

As part of our two-year celebration, we’re pleased to announce the
release of “The Warrens”, a free expansion zone located on Odus. “The
Warrens” is a low-to-mid level dungeon and the home of the Kobolds on
Odus. You can patch the Warrens by running the “Optional Patch”.

In addition to filling-out the continent of Odus, “the Warrens” will
also serve as a platform to try out some of the new ideas brought forth
by members of the team and the public aimed at addressing some common
gameplay issues. We would like to see what options might be open to and
enjoyed by the players in the future.

The first issue addressed in the Warrens is the problem of higher level
characters competing with lower level characters for loot on lower
level creatures. To address this issue, in the Warrens, a group that
“outclasses” a particular foe will not receive any loot that is MAGIC,
LORE, or NODROP. All other loot will drop. “Outclassing” a foe is
defined as having a group makeup such that no one in your group
receives experience from the kill. This can happen if, for instance,
the foe is “green” to all group members, or if the group makeup is of
such a wide level range that the system determines the fight was
unbalanced using regular experience rules.

Any time that an NPC would have dropped special loot and does not due
to it being outclassed, a message indicating that the combat was
“trivial” will be displayed to the group.

As time goes on, we will be implementing new gameplay subsets and
adjustements in the Warrens. Please be sure to let us know what you
think!

The Planes:

The Planes of Fear and Hate have been updated as part of our two-year
celebration. Adventurers in the Plane of Fear will notice that some
high-level foes are now available. Rewards for former “boss npcs” have
been moved down to underlings that are roughly as powerful as the old
bosses were.

The Plane of Hate has also received a large update, but this one also
includes the opening of a previously undiscovered part of the zone, now
full high-level expansion-oriented content. Much as with Fear, rewards
from bosses have been moved.

Epic Quests:

As part of the Plane updates, we’ve made several adjustments to Epic
quests for a number of classes. Previously, questers of many classes
were put in direct competition with regular non-questing adventurers
for a few coveted spawns. In these cases, a new step has been added to
separate the “Epic Encounter” NPCs from the “Epic Quest” NPCs.

For those who are mid-quest, all quest requirements have remained the
same. In other words, if you turn the same items into the same NPC, the
same reward applies. What has changed is that some components may be in
a different location from where you expect them. It is recommended that
you check with the last NPC in line or other adventurers to find where
you need to go next.

***Patch Day***

Along with the big announcements above, today was a patch day as well:

- Fixed a bug that allowed exploitation of the period of time between
character control being established and loading of character faction
tables.
- Fixed the Dagger of Frost. Its special item flags were improperly
removed in the last patch.
- The spell, Mark of Karn, has been enhanced to heal more per hit.
- The effect on the Celestial Elixir Breastplates has been changed to
the enhanced Mark of Karn. The casting time on these items has also
been changed to 9 seconds.
- NPCs in Thurgadin will no longer stop traveling when you /hail them.
- Fixed a problem present in Nagafen’s Lair and the Plane of Hate that
caused framerate to drop over time.
- Shift-clicking on a stack of items will cause you to pick up the
whole stack. This is in addition to CTRL-clicking on a stack, which
will cause you to pick up one. These both also work for coins now as
well as items.
- In addition to the above, holding down the shift key while clicking
the “Sell” button in the vendor screen will cause you to sell the
entire stack of items if a stack is selected. For example, you can sell
20 peridots by selecting the stack, and shift-clicking “Sell”. I’d
recommend though that you give them to your neighborhood cleric first
though :) The ability to buy stacks is on the list for implementation
in the near future.
- There are a ton of new recipies for trade skill users out there.
Check your books.
- There are a bunch of new quests as well.
- It appears that we fixed a bug with the Mend skill that caused it to
be unavailable for a few seconds after it was supposed to be ready for
use. Let us know if there are any further problems.
- Foraging items will now yield a message giving you some idea of what you’ve foraged.

Please remember that the /movelog for the Rathe and E’ci is scheduled
for this weekend. Please read the message below for details on the
/movelog.

*A Message From Customer Service*

We regularly receive requests from customers that want their characters
moved from one server to another, or from one account to another.
Unfortunately, due to the EverQuest EULA, the number of requests that
we receive, the desire to maintain stable server communities and
economies, and other problems associated with character moves, we can
not move characters across servers or accounts.

It is important for the integrity of the server that items from a
server remain on that server. We also feel that it is important that
characters that have built up a reputation, good or bad, have to live
with the consequences of their decisions, and are not allowed to
retreat from that reputation by changing servers.

The only exception to this rule is when we open a Movelog for moving a
large number of characters to new servers. At no other time will we
move a character in such a fashion.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
March 27, 2001 2:00 am
——————————

***Fan Faire Reminder***

Registration for the San Diego Fan Faire closes on Wednesday, March
28th, and we are running out of spaces. Once all the spaces are taken,
we will not be accepting any further registrations (or walk-ins). So if
you plan to attend sign up before someone else gets your spot. Head
over to www.everquest.com to register.

*** Patch Day ***

*Spell Changes and Additions*

- A new teleportation spell has been added to the game for both Druids
and Wizards. These are self-only gate spells to the Dreadlands. These
spells should be available on the more exclusive spell vendors in
Norrath.

- Increased the drop rate on some Kunark spells to coincide with the
narrowing of the creatures carrying those spells as the game evolves.

- Wizards now have access to a new type of spell that only works on
certain types of target. Generically called ‘bane’ spells, a few are
now available in the game. May your quest for such spells be
successful.

*Item Changes*

- Changed the effects on the Singing Steel Boots and Greaves. After a
fair amount of concern from players, we have removed the summon food
and water effects from these items. They have been replaced with
modified versions of Aria of the Eagles (boots) and Appalling Screech
(greaves).

- The Incandescent Bracer can now be worn on the wrist rather than the
waist.

- The Incarnadine Breastplate must now be worn to activate.

- Changed spell effects on Pauldrons of the Fearsome and Fearsome
Shield to right click and worn to activate.

*Bug Fixes*

- Fixed a bug that was causing some players to zone into the Warrens at
the wrong location.

- Corrected an error with the Bixie Sword Blade, changing its delay
from 6 to 16.

- Fixed a bug where Iskar Monks were unable to Feign Death after
Foraging.

- Kodiaks in the Great Divide are now seen as animals.

- Toxdil, the wandering rogue poison vendor, will now sell to
characters even when he is away from his home.

*Enhancements*

- Fixed a problem that occurred when players mistyped /guild. Typing
/guildd in the chat window is the shortcut for typing /guilddelete.
/guildd now has a confirmation box so that such an error should no
longer lead to the accidental deletion of a guild.

- Added /showspelleffects. Using this toggle (‘on’ or ‘off’) a player
can turn on or off the display of particle effects for spells. This
will only affect spells, not world effects like waterfalls or weapon
particle effects. This should allow you to turn off many of the effects
that hamper rendering performance, inducing effects of spells, while
still being able to see some of the awesome effects, like those on
certain paladin weapons…

- Added server-side filtering for chat and combat messages. This will
allow you to turn off guild chat, shouts, auctions, oocs, ‘my misses’,
‘others misses’, ‘others hits’, ‘attacker misses me’, PC spells (all
options), NPC spells and Bard songs (all options) at the server instead
of at the client. This can reduce that amount of data sent to you over
your connection, and can help those with slower connections with better
performance and connectivity.

- Ships will now be announcing their arrival in most zones. They will
also be announcing their progress to any zone they travel through. Any
of those zones that they are not currently making announcements in will
be added in the next patch or two.

- Shift – Left and Shift – Right will now repeat in the chat window.
This means that when editing what you’ve typed, you can just hold down
the Shift and Left Arrow keys and the cursor will move left until it
reaches the beginning of the line or until you release the keys.

- The spell slot number will now show up in front of the spell name
when you press Alt to cast a spell using the Alt-Spell Number method.

- View perspective in wolf form has been fixed. First-person view will
now be on level with the wolf, rather than a few feet above it. At the
same time, perceiving other players in wolf form will appear to be
standing on the ground instead of floating a few feet above it.

- Trade skill success and failure messages will be sent to the
craftsperson’s group instead of just the craftsperson, as long as the
craftsperson is using the proper ingredients. Failure of the craftsman
to use the proper ingredients will result in no failure message being
sent.

- In order to prevent a few trade scams, money can no longer be removed
from a trade window. You will have to cancel the trade and start over
to adjust the amount of money involved in the trade.

- We’re now sending hitpoint updates to the casters of direct damage
spells no matter how far away they are when the spell lands. This will
allow those casters that try to stand as far back as possible to get
updates even when their range indicates that the messages should be
surpressed.

*Quest*

Several new quests have been added as well, so don’t be afraid to talk
to the folks of Norrath, they might have new information for you.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

 March 28th, 1:30pm

Source: https://web.archive.org/web/20011228012911/http://boards.station.sony.com/ubb/everquest/Forum1/HTML/000002.html
IMPORTANT NEW MESSAGE
Combine Button Containers

First of all thank you to everyone who posted the problem with the Velious Tailoring recipes and other recipes that appeared to be broken after the patch.

With the most recent patch, we fixed a bug that is causing some confusion with these recipes.

There was a bug that allowed certain recipes to work in any container of its type, where they were intended to work only in special containers of that type. For example, there are recipes that were intended to only work in the Coldain Tanner's Kit that could be completed in any Sewing Kit. That bug was repaired along with some other minor bugs associated with combine button containers in this last patch.

Please make sure that you are using the proper container as instructed by in game instructions or npc's when combining trade skill components or quest components in any combine button container.

The Velious Tailoring Recipes are currently functioning in the Coldain Tanners Kit. We apologize for the inconvenience.

- The EverQuest Team 

-----------------------

——————————
April 4, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

** New and Changed Features **

- Guild Message of the Day. Guild Officers and Leaders will be able to
type /guildmotd to set up a Guild Message of the Day (GMotD). From then
on any time a member of that guild logs in they will see the message
with the name of the message sender added at the front, so you will
know who sent the message. Any guild member will also be able to read
the GMotD by typing just /guildmotd and the message will be displayed
again. The GMotD will be erased if the server comes down, however. You
will have to reset the GMotD when the server comes back up.

- /assist changed and improved. It should be much more reliable now. It
also will target whatever the assisted person has targeted. The
assisted person does not need to have auto-attack on for /assist to
work.

- Fixed a problem with /corpse that kept it from working on corpses
that were too far above or below you.

** Skill Change **

- Foraging changed so that if you are getting the hungry and thirsty
messages, your next successful forage will always be drink or food. We
have also decreased the chance of foraging fishing grubs a bit and
increased the chance that you will forage water.

** Spell Changes **

- Acumen now overwrites See Invisible.

- Translocate now has the proper spell gem.

** Bug Fix **

- Fixed many crash problems for Windows 2000 users. This fix will most
likely also aid some folks that are not using Windows 2000 that are
having problems.

** Item Changes **

- Velious racial plate helm quests have been added that will allow you
to ‘trade in’ your existing helms for ones with textures. We have
decided to allow the players (or their characters) to chose whether
they wish to have the new helmet textures or to continue to use helmets
that show no graphics.

- Five and ten charge versions of Potions of the Bone Field have been
added.

- Kilva’s Skin of Flame potion has been changed. It no longer has the
same effect as the Kilva’s Blistering Flesh potion.

- Removed the tinting from Dark Forge and Resonant armors. Tinting was
never really intended to be on those pieces and, frankly, they look
better without it.

** Miscellaneous Items **

- Reduced the ‘bottleneck’ for getting Howling Stone keys by increasing
the availability of one of the quest items.

- Erudite guards will now be much less friendly to Kobolds.

- Vendors are once again selling the Coldain Tanner’s Kit.

** ‘Combine’ container changes **

We’ve made a change to ‘combine’ containers. In order to prevent people
from accidentally destroying items, all containers with a ‘combine’
button will not combine any items that do not form a complete recipe.
This will be a huge boon to craftspeople all across Norrath. But this
removes the only drawback to using trade containers as backpacks. Their
reduced weight and often greater carrying capacity made them more
desirable as bags, with the compensating risk that you might just lose
something if you made a mistake.

We will be increasing the weight of portable ‘combine’ containers
somewhat. Where some of these containers weighed under 1 pound, they
will now weigh as much as 4 pounds for the largest sewing kit.

Along with this we are making a change to tailor made backpacks. In
case you didn’t know, most tailor made packs have a built in weight
reduction of 5%. We are raising that to 10%. We will also be displaying
the weight reduction of all containers with the information shown on a
right click.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 4, 2001 11:30 am
——————————

** EverQuest Classic Edition **

There is a new package for EverQuest. It’s a small box with a small
price. Here’s a bit from the press release for details:

—

SAN DIEGO, CA – April 3, 2001 – Sony Online Entertainment announced
today that its classic edition of EverQuest(tm) is now available for
the SRP of $9.99, a price point that will attract new users to a
continuously growing community. EverQuest, the most successful
massively multiplayer online role-playing game ever, will be available
in both a jewel case and mini box versions at retail stores nationwide.
“Newbies” will enjoy all the amazing aspects of the original EverQuest
from creating their own specialized characters to embarking on perilous
and excitement filled journeys across three continents.

—

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 17, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

** Food Changes **

- Food items now have a ‘duration’. This means that some food items
will not sustain a character as long as others, and some items will
sustain your character longer than they did before.

** Bug Fixes **

- We THINK we’ve fixed the problem with the Dusty Werebat. This fellow
has been steadfastly refusing to appear where and when we ask him to.
We’ve worked out a deal with his agent, and we think he’ll be back to
work with this patch.

- Corrected an anomaly with hit point bars that occurred when a
character was healed or damaged by spells. This could be seen, for
example, when a character was healed and the hit point bar would go up
and then quickly go back down a bit right afterwards. There was no
error in the assignment of healing or damage previously, just in the
way it was being displayed.

- Fixed the visual bracer bug where other people would see a different
bracer graphic than you would. Now everyone (including the wearer) will
always see the same bracer texture. If you have two bracers that have a
different look (one is leather and one is steel, for example), make
sure that the one you want to show up graphically is on your right
wrist inventory slot, because this is the one that the game will choose
to show for you (unless you take off the left one and put it back on,
which will show the left one, but that is only temporary, and it will
go back to showing the right one after you zone or reenter the game).

- Fixed zoning problem in Nurga to Droga that caused characters to be
facing the wrong way when they zoned, often causing confusion that lead
to accidentally zoning back the way they had come. You should be facing
the right way when you make that zone transition now.

** Zone and Quest Changes **

- The marauding Tar Goos will no longer be assisted by the Geonids.
This should make at least one quest more available.

- Grobb should now have a couple of ovens. Hopefully this will allow
Troll bakers to keep their fellows full of carbs and ready to fight.

- Fixed a bug that occurred when selling stacks of items. Previously,
if you had 4 bat wings and sold them one by one to the merchant, the
merchant would have 4 bat wings for you to buy, but if you sold all
four at once to the merchant he would only have one for you to buy. Now
he will have 4 in either case.

- We have increased the spawn rate of Venril Sathir and his skeletal
remains. Please note that only Rangers and Druids will be able to
trigger the spawn for the skeletal remains, and those remains will only
be dropping items for those epic quests. Hopefully these changes will
dramatically reduce the competition and resentment over this spawn.

- We have reduced resistances to some spell types on some NPCs in Sky
Shrine and the Tower of Frozen Shadow. This is the beginning of our
overview of the resistances of NPCs in Velious.

** Improved and New Features **

- When you /consent someone it will give them the ability to drag all
of your corpses.

- You can now buy stacks of combinable items (such as rations, water,
etc…) from merchants. It works the same way as sell in that you can
hold down shift to buy a full stack and control to buy just one item.

- Added the ability to change the color of all windows at one time with
/wincolor (all windows that can be changed, that is). You can now use
/wincolor ALL 0 0 100 2, for example, instead of having to set each
window separately.

- Right-clicking items while looting will ‘auto-equip’ them. This will
work just as if you had picked the items up and dropped them onto the
‘auto-equip’ area of your character profile. So if there is already a
piece of equipment on your character in the spot where the looted item
would normally go, it will drop into your inventory, if you have room
for it.

- The tab key will no longer toggle between you and your last target
when the chat bar is up. When the chat bar is open the tab key will
take you through the list of your most recent /tell names or /reply
names. When the chat bar is closed the tab key will switch you between
yourself and your last target.

- /assist has an added parameter. /assist on and /assist off will
determine whether or not your character auto-attacks when you use
/assist. So if you type /assist off, from that time forward using
/assist will NOT engage your character’s auto-attack. This change will
be persistent, so it will remain as you left it when you log out.
/assist also now has a range of 200 feet.

- The destroy confirmation requestor now shows the name of the item you
are trying to destroy, or it just says money if you are destroying
coins. This should greatly reduce the chance of accidentally deleting
the wrong item. PLEASE read the text in the destroy confirmation box to
be certain that you are destroying the right item before choosing to
destroy it.

- Hailing Player Character will now say ‘Hail Playername’, rather than
just ‘hail’.

- Added /charinfo command. Currently this command only reports the zone
where the current character is bound. We may add further information as
things progress.

- You will now see how much damage your character has taken when he is
hit by a spell that causes instant damage (DOT damage is not reported).

** Item Changes **

- We’ve made a change to the Red Scabbard that should relieve most of
the problems warriors were having with their epic weapon occasionally
disappearing during conversion between the two-handed weapon and the
two one-handed weapons. What will happen now is rather simple. The very
next time you use the container to combine the weapons (or break them
apart), the old scabbard will disappear and a new one will replace it.

THE NEW SCABBARD AND THE SWORDS WILL APPEAR ON YOUR CURSOR, rather than
in your inventory. So once you have combined them, make sure to place
them in your inventory. And don’t panic, the items didn’t disappear. :)
But also MAKE CERTAIN THAT YOU HAVE ROOM IN YOUR INVENTORY FOR ALL
THREE ITEMS (the two swords and the scabbard, which is a container and
needs to be able to fit into your main inventory). If you end up with a
No-Drop container on your cursor with no place to put it in your
inventory, you will have a problem…

Also, right now the new scabbard is a little bugged. Right now you
won’t be able to open the new scabbard until you camp out once after it
is created. We’re working on fixing that bug. We decided to make this
change even with this small bug to help relieve everyone of the
problems with the old scabbard.

This new scabbard will have a special ability. It will be able to
recreate the epic weapons if you have lost them. Simply place a Sword
of Runes (summoned by a Magician) into the scabbard and hit the combine
button. The scabbard will convert the temporary power of the Sword of
Runes into the permanent epic sword.

Customer Service WILL NOT be replacing the old scabbards with the new
ones. That will be done by the game itself once you have completed the
quest and combined the swords for the first time.

- Changed the size of the Weighted Axe from Tiny to Large (after all,
it’s a big two-handed axe…). If you have one in a bag now, be aware
that it probably won’t fit back into that bag again once you take it
out.

- No Rent Items will no longer be immediately deleted from your
character inventory upon disconnection with the server. If you are
disconnected from the servers, or even if you log out, your No Rent
items (such as summoned food and water) will remain on your character
as long as you log back to that character within 30 minutes. After
thirty minutes those No Rent items will be deleted. There may be some
extreme cases beyond our control (such as hardware failures) where No
Rent items will not be on your character even if you log back in within
the 30 minute timeframe. No reimbursement will be given for No Rent
items lost in this manner.

- Grand Master Wrist Wraps have been fixed and should now create the
“Pouch of Quellios” as intended. If you have one of these items and it
still does not work, please contact a GM using /petition and ask them
to switch yours for a new one.

- Snow Storm Mask should now function properly.

- The Ring of the Frozen Flame should now be working properly.

- The slow effect on the Willsapper proc has been reduced.

- The weight of Skewers has been increase to a weight of 3.

- Velious Monk armor appearances have been changed. If you’re wearing
these items, you probably already noticed this, but we thought we’d
announce it anyway. New textures will be showing on the Plane of Growth
dropped armors and on the questable armors. Because the Velious
textures can be a strain on some systems, the textures for these new
armors will not be loaded by default by the game. If you want to see
the new textures you will have to edit your EQClient.ini and change the
line LoadArmor23=FALSE (the default) to LoadArmor23=TRUE.

** Trade Skill Changes **

- Bards that worship Sol Ro will now be able to wear the Imbued jewelry
made for their god. For those that not only sing around the campfire,
but sing about the campfire!

- ‘World’ Trade Containers (those that are stationary) have been fixed.
Previously when a character tried to combine items in a world container
that did not match a recipe, the items would seem to disappear. But if
the character closed and reopened the container, the items were still
in it. Those items should no longer seem to disappear.

- The speed of Selo’s Song of Travel, the effect of the Singing Steel
Chestplate has been increased a little.

** Spell Changes **

- Removed Gem component from the following spells. They will now only
require the metal components. These are the Enchant spells for making
cultural armor.

Enchant Velium
Enchant Mithril
Enchant Adamantite
Enchant Steel
Enchant Brellium

- Changed the spell component for the following Magician spells from
Lapis Lazuli to Malachite. They now use the same reagent as every other
Magician pet spell.

Minor Summoning: Earth
Minor Summoning: Water
Minor Summoning: Fire
Minor Summoning: Air
Elemental: Earth
Elemental: Water
Elemental: Fire
Elemental: Air

- Added Casting Text to the Following spells (the messages in brackets
will now appear upon a successful use of the spell):

Panic Animal (soandso flees in a state of total panic!)
Terrorize Animal (soandso runs away in terror!)
Repulse Animal (soandso is utterly repulsed!)
Acumen (soandso’s eyes tingle)

- Cannibalize IV now exists. This spell is now available in Velious.

- Cannibalize II and III have had their effects improved. They now
return more mana to the caster than they did before.

** Class Specific Changes **

- Monk weight allowance has been increased. Every 15 levels monks will
get an extra 1 stone weight allowance. The post 50 weight allowance has
also been increased by 2 stone.

Level 15, Limit 15
Level 30, Limit 16
Level 45, Limit 17
Level 51, Limit 18
Level 55, Limit 20
Level 60, Limit 24

- Disarmed traps will remain disarmed for a somewhat longer time than
before to allow larger groups to get past the traps before they go off.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 18, 2001 Luclin Announced – Press Release
——————————

SONY ONLINE ENTERTAINMENT EXPANDS EVERQUEST(r) UNIVERSE WITH
“EVERQUEST(r): SHADOWS OF LUCLIN(tm)”

- Massive Additions in Store for SOE’s Premier Role-Playing Game–

SAN DIEGO, CA – April 18, 2001 – Sony Online Entertainment announced
today its new expansion pack, “EverQuest: Shadows of Luclin” for the
Internet’s most popular role-playing game, “EverQuest(r).” The new
expansion pack will introduce EverQuest fans to an enchanting moonscape
packed with new adventure zones, new items, creatures and spells, a new
playable character class and more. Supported by a complete graphic
overhaul, “Shadows of Luclin” will allow EverQuest players to witness
their world in unprecedented splendor.

“‘Shadows of Luclin’ will give EQ fans a beautiful uncharted territory
to explore,” states Jeff Butler, Producer, Sony Online Entertainment.
“Whether you’re a devoted long-term fan looking for new challenges or
just discovering online gaming for the first time, ‘Shadows of Luclin’
is filled with enough captivating adventures to support all levels of
EverQuest players.”

“The Shadows of Luclin” takes voyagers to a satellite hovering
ominously above the world of Norrath. An area of great mystery, magic,
and perplexity, Luclin is divided into a land of light, ruled by
Discord, and a land of shadow, ruled by Order. Each side of this
amazing world will present many new secrets, treasures and unique
monsters.

“Shadows of Luclin” key features:

* New adventure zones, including a new starting city
* All new, highly detailed player-character models
* Massively enhanced 3D graphics engine
* An all-new player character race
* Challenging new quests, items to trade and sell, NPCs and more

“EverQuest: The Shadows of Luclin” is due to ship in Q4 2001. For more
information visit the official Shadows of Luclin Website at

http://www.everquest.com/luclin.

Continuing to grow with top-selling expansions “The Ruins of Kunark
(tm)” and “The Scars of Velious(tm),” “EverQuest” proves to be the
largest fantasy world ever created online. During peak periods, more
than 88,000 adventurers and dragon slayers have explored the world of
Norrath simultaneously. The active global EverQuest subscriber base is
comprised of players from various countries throughout the “real”
world, including the U.S., England, Canada, Japan, Taiwan, Korea, Saudi
Arabia, France, Italy and Australia.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 8, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

** PvP changes **

We have made the first of our upcoming changes to the PvP aspects of
EverQuest:

- Consider: /Consider will only have three results when used to
consider a Player Character. The character will show as ‘green’ if he
is below the range that allows you to attack him. The character will
show as ‘white/black’ if he is within your ability to attack. And the
character will show as ‘red’ if he is above your range. This will only
take effect on PvP servers.

- Sanctuary Levels: Characters below level six will not be able to
engage in PvP combat, unless they take part in a Guild War, duel or use
the Arena. This will, obviously, only take place on PvP servers.

- De-Leveling: Characters that lose levels will only retain the combat
skills of a character two levels higher. This means that if a character
of level 10 somehow loses 5 levels, that character will only have
skills that would be available to a 7th level character. This change
will apply to all servers (it has to, code-wise). So the two level
buffer is there to make certain that people that lose levels during
normal gameplay will be minimally affected (hopefully not affected at
all), while those that purposefully lose levels with the intent of
causing other players grief will find themselves at no great advantage.

These are the first of the things that we plan to. We are taking a
careful, step-by-step approach to changes whenever we can, and we have
other changes planned for upcoming patches.

** Quest Changes **

- We’ve made a change to the Velious armor quests. The folks in Kael
and in Skyshrine that give out rewards for these quests are now being
stricter about who they will reward quest items to. You will have to be
considered an ‘ally’ (see Features section below) by these NPCs in
order to be able to complete these quests. If you are doing quests for
the Coldain, however, they are somewhat less picky, and they only
require that they consider you ‘kindly’ to reward you for your labors.

- The Black Silk Cape will now drop more frequently.

** Bug Fixes **

- Attacking with a two-handed piercing weapon will now ‘gray-out’ the
attack button as it should.

- Text that once read: “You cannot remove this affect.” now reads “You
cannot remove this effect.” Changed by popular demand… :)

- Food Emotes: Forcing your character to eat by right clicking food
will now properly display the appropriate emote to those in the area.

- Fixed a problem that often made it difficult to loot really large
NPCs.

** Item Changes **

- The Shield of Tsunami can now be equipped in the secondary slot.

- Quivers now reduce the delay time on bows, the better the quiver the
faster your bow. We will not be listing the speed increase a quiver
will give your bow, but you can tell the good quivers by their ability
to reduce the weight of your arrows (better-made or magical quivers
have this property).

- The Ivory Handled Falchion should now ‘proc’ without telling you that
it is out of charges. You may need to contact your GM to replace the
item with a new version if it is still acting strangely.

- The Opal Bracelet is now a wrist item, not a finger item. Be aware,
once you remove it from your finger, it will not go back onto that
finger, it will only fit on your wrists, as it should.

- The Large Dragonbone Shard will no longer appear to be a Staff of the
Gathering.

- The Ring of Levitation will now poof when all the charges are used
up, and should display the correct number of charges.

- The Priceless Velium Reinforced Bow now has a range of 200 instead of
a range of 0.

- The Refined Mithril Blade should now be equipable in both primary and
secondary slots.

- The Unicorn Horn should now have a graphic.

- The Hammer of Flattening has been changed from tiny to large. This
might cause you a little reorganization in your inventory.

- Runebranded Stone Buckler is now labeled as a shield and can be used
to bash.

- The Ring of Pureblood is now a finger item, not a waist item.

** Spell Changes and Additions **

- Translocation spells: Five new Wizard ‘push’ spells have been added
(Translocate: Fay, Tox, North, Combine and Group). Translocate spells
send the group to the location, while the Wizard remains behind.
Translocate Group sends everyone in the group (except the Wizard) to
their own bind points. Translocate Group can be found on NPCs in
Velious (and they won’t give them up easily). The others are available
on an exclusive vendor. All Translocate spells (even the original
Translocate) have confirmation boxes that must be accepted before the
target will be sent. And Wizards can no longer Translocate themselves.

- Some lower 39th and 44th level Velious spells have had their drop
rates increased.

- GM Resurrection has had it’s name changed from ResurrectionGM to
Customer Service Resurrection so that players will be able to better
tell when they are getting a resurrection from the GM staff. GM
resurrection will no longer have Res effects, and will leave the newly
Ressed with full Hit Points and Mana.

- Divine Aura and spells of that type (Divine Aura – cleric, Divine
Barrier – cleric, Kazumi’s Note of Preservation – bard, Harmshield –
necromancer, Quivering Veil of Xarn – necromancer) will now prevent the
caster from being stunned when hit for their duration.

- The Eye of Zomm series of spells will no longer work in Kedge Keep.
This change was made to prevent an exploit.

** Feature Additions and Changes **

- Looting text has been changed. You will now see a — before and after
any loot messages. This has been changed primarily to help prevent any
fake looting messages from being thought of as real.

- When you loot an item, you will receive a text message telling you
what you have just looted.

- Expanded Friends List: The Friends List will now hold 30 character
names. And each character has its own friends list. You can find and
edit this list with a text editor, if you need to, outside the game.
You can locate the text files in your EverQuest directory. The files
will look like this: _<#>.ini. The default Friends List for existing
and new characters will be your old Friends List.

- The destroy or drop item confirmation box will now close if you
accidentally pick up another item while they are open. This should
prevent accidentally deleting or dropping the wrong item.

- When selling to a merchant, you can no longer sell items that are
inside a container by having the container selected and clicking the
sell button. The merchant will tell you that you need to empty the
container before the merchant will buy it. This should prevent folks
from accidentally selling items that they did not know were in those
containers.

- You can now move items around inside containers that are in the bank.

- There is a new /consider message: “regards you as an ally”. This is
the highest level of friendliness that an NPC will register using the
/consider command. The faction required to reach this rating is
significantly higher than ‘warmly’.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 8, 2001 4:30 pm
——————————

** Fan Faire **

The Fan Faire in Minneapolis is half way sold out. There are just over
two more weeks left to register so don’t delay! For each of these
events, we get countless e-mails asking if there is any space available
after we have sold out… and then it is too late! So don’t wait until
registration is closed! Register now and be sure your spot is reserved!

** Guild Wipe for Guilds without enough members **

On May 15th we will be performing another servers-wide guild wipe for
any guild with less than ten members. Remember, it is always a
requirement to have ten members in your guild. These ten members must
all be characters from separate accounts (only one member from each
account will be counted for the ten member total). So if your guild
does not have ten members on Tuesday, May 15th, it will be deleted.

We’re sorry for being so harsh about this rule, but there is a distinct
limit to the number of guilds that we can support, and the rules for
maintenance of a guild are clear.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 14, 2001 6:30 pm
——————————

** Important announcement about the next patch **

Our next patch is planned for May 30th, probably some time in the wee
morning hours here on the West Coast.

The important part of the message is not that, though. It’s this:

Due to some of the things we are going to be doing, there is a small
chance that some corpses might disappear during the patch. GMs will
have the ability to verify any corpses that are lost. That means that
they can help you get them back if you do indeed lose one. It also
means that I should remind everyone that attempting to scam a GM about
a lost corpse could mean banning.

** IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU PETITION TO HAVE A MISSING CORPSE **
** PROBLEM ADDRESSED WITHIN 5 DAYS OF THE PATCH! **

We will not be recovering corpses that might be lost after that time.
In fact, it would be best for you to petition immediately if you have a
problem. Don’t wait. If you are worried about a corpse that you were
unable to deal with before the patch, then please log in an check on it
right away after the patch.

So please make certain that you have as many of your corpses cleaned up
as possible before the next patch. We’re not expecting a lot of corpses
to disappear, but the fewer lying around, the less chance of them
disappearing.

Thanks.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 22, 2001 6:30 pm
——————————

** Updated EQManual_Supplement **

The EQManual_Supplement.doc and EQManual_Suppliment.txt have been
updated. The majority of the updates occurred in the description of the
EQclient.ini file and the descriptions of the in-game “slash” commands.
This document also includes things like a listing of the emotes
available, instructions for changing windows and text colors, and other
additions to the original manual, and is a good first source for
EverQuest information and help.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 30, 2001
——————————

*** Important Reminder ***

Due to some of the things we are going to be doing, there is a small
chance that some corpses might disappear during the patch. GMs will
have the ability to verify any corpses that are lost. That means that
they can help you get them back if you do indeed lose one. It is also
important to understand that attempting to scam a GM about a lost
corpse could mean banning from EverQuest.

** IT IS IMPORTANT THAT YOU PETITION TO HAVE A MISSING CORPSE PROBLEM
ADDRESSED WITHIN 5 DAYS OF THE PATCH! **

We will not be recovering corpses that might be lost after that time.
In fact, it would be best for you to petition immediately if you have a
problem. Don’t wait. If you are worried about a corpse that you were
unable to deal with before the patch, then please log in and check on
it right away after the patch.

So please make certain that you have as many of your corpses cleaned up
as possible before the next patch. We’re not expecting a lot of corpses
to disappear, but the fewer lying around, the less chance of them
disappearing.

Thanks.

- The EverQuest Team

*** Patch Message ***

** Zone Changes **

- Runnyeye has been changed. Something is up in Goblin land…

** Spell and Song Changes and Bug Fixes **

- We’ve been fixing holes in the spell stacking code. For the most part
the changes fix bugs that allowed tricks to get spells to stack that
were never intended to stack.

- Increased duration on Bard Charm songs to 18 seconds from 12 seconds.

- Fixed the Spell Scroll for Imbue Amber so that Erudite Clerics of
Cazic Thule can scribe it.

- The casting messages for Necromancer pet summoning spells have been
changed to be more appropriate.

** Features and Interface Changes **

- The variable %t will now work with /assist. So you can use /assist %t
if you wish. Though it should have exactly the same effect as /assist
without the %t.

- %r returns “corpse” for corpses and “NPC” for targeted NPCs.

- Sense traps failure message text color has been changed to user color
15 (same as other skill messages). The success message was already set
to user color 15.

- Ignore Lists now work the same way that the Friends List does. It has
been expanded to 30 names per character per server. The new ignore list
is stored in the same ini file as the friends list _<#>.ini). The first
time a character is created or loaded after the patch their new ignore
list will be a copy of the old ignore list, but will from then on be
unique to the character.

- The Alt key now works in several new situations. It will now show
item names when in the trade window. Because the trade items of the
local player and the trading partner are so close together, the item
names of the trading partner will always show up unless the player
positions their mouse pointer over the local player part of the trade
window, which will cause the game to only show the local player’s trade
item names.

- The Alt key will show item names for items in your bank.

- The Alt key will also pop up names for merchant items and corpse
items when you hold it down in merchant mode or loot mode.

- The Alt key will even pop up names for items in open containers when
held down and the mouse cursor is over the open container window (they
don’t show up otherwise).

- The client will now automatically reject a /duel request from any
player that is on your /ignore list. Some players were using this to
annoy players that had ignored them.

- You also will no longer see /consent messages from people that are on
your /ignore list (this was also something people were doing to annoy
people that had ignored them).

- /who GUILD (and the GUILD must be in caps) will now show you the
members of your guild in your zone. You can also specify a guild name,
such as /who “Irontoe Brigade”.

- /safelock command added. /safelock will lock the EverQuest interface
(mostly just mouse clicks, keyboard commands/movement, and most slash
commands) with the password that you supply to the command. You must
use this command a second time, supplying the same password, to unlock
the interface. Passwords are NOT case-sensitive. So to lock your
interface, you would type /safelock password. You would do the same to
unlock it. REMEMBER: If you forget what password you typed, you will
need to reboot your machine.

** Item Changes **

- All the shields in the game that have the Ribcage graphic should now
also have the ribcage icon when they are in your inventory.

- Tinkered Watchman helm should show up now.

- Ring of Pureblood is now equipable only on your fingers instead of
your waist.

- Grand Master’s Leg Wraps and Fists of the Grand Master are now No-
Drop. They were intended to be No-Drop when they were created.

- Peacekeeper Staff and the Bug Collection box are no longer equipable.
There are problems that can arise when containers can be equipped, so
we had to disable that for these items.

- Sewing Kits: No existing sewing kits are being changed with this
patch. But from now on, kits sold on vendors will be somewhat
different. Large Sewing Kits will have 8 slots. Deluxe Sewing Kits will
have 10 slots and weight slightly more than the Large Sewing Kit.

- Changed the color of the Kael SK quest armor from a very pretty blue-
green to a more appropriate reddish-gray.

** Other Stuff **

- Changed the spelling of Troubador to Troubadour for the 55th level
bard title. :)

- King Tormax’s spawn rate has been adjusted to be more in line with
that of his counterparts in Velious. This is not the sort of thing that
we will usually announce, as spawn times and things of that nature are
part of the dynamic content of EverQuest. We’re announcing this,
however, to help avoid some confusion.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 31, 2001 2:00 am
——————————

*** Patch Addendum ***

This evening we put in another patch to correct some issues that arose
with the patch yesterday. The changes implemented include some that
weren’t announced previously:

- Resist-debuffs will do 1.5 times their normal value for PvP
encounters. In other words, if the spell did -60MR in PvP before, it
does -90MR in PvP now. PvE (combat versus NPCs) remains unaffected.
- Faction-loss for PvP kills on Vallon and Tallon now only occur
against factions within the hometown of the person killed. In other
words, if you kill an Erudite in Erudin, you will only lose faction
with the factions in Erudin, not the factions in Paineel.
- Turning in the Tomb of Order and Discord will have no effect on
Vallon and Tallon.
- On all PvP servers, only the person who gets the killing-blow in PvP
combat will have looting rights. We would prefer to implement some sort
of “majority damage” logic however this should solve most of the issues
associated with uninvolved players “ninja-looting” the loser in PvP
encounters.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 4, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

Today’s patch consisted only of server-side data, and does not contain
anything that would normally be announced.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 27, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

** Gameplay Changes **

- Aggro Changes: We’ve made an adjustment to the way that NPCs choose
their targets. It’s a rather simple change, one that makes a lot of
sense. But we want you to be aware of it so that it won’t surprise you
too much, and so that you won’t think that it is a bug. NPCs are now
much more aware of the vulnerability (or, more precisely, the
invulnerability) of their targets. NPCs will now be very unlikely to
waste their time attacking a target that they can’t harm.

- Spell and Item Interruption: Ducking will now interrupt a spell
instantly. You will no longer be able to sit while using items or
casting spells. This will not affect bard songs, which will still work
as they always have, but will affect all items, even those with song-
like effects.

** Spell Changes **

- Skin Like Nature and Natureskin should stack with more spells now
(though not with each other).

- Aegolism can now be clicked off.

- Imbue Ivory has had its casting level lowered to 29.

- Shard of the Core will be tradable now.

- Shroud of Hate and Visions of Grandeur should stack properly now.

- Several new Translocation spells have been added.

- Call of the Hero will no longer remove the target from NPCs’
hatelists if the target is not summoned far enough.

- Egress will now work indoors.

- Wind of the North, Wind of the South, Markar’s Relocation and
Tishan’s Relocation have had their additional restrictions removed, and
can now be cast from any zone where other similar spells can be cast.

- Summon Companion can now be used by Necromancers, Shamans,
Enchanters, Shadowknights in addition to Magicians.

- Deadeye should now stack with Dead Man Floating, but should not stack
with Acumen.

- Plainsight will now stack with Dead Man Floating, but not with
Acumen.

- The Great Divide portal spells are now 39th level instead of 44th
level.

- Spirit of the Oak will no longer be overwritten by any beneficial
spells.

- Paralyzing Poison spells should no longer be broken by direct damage
spells.

- Hsagra’s Wrath and Porlos’ Fury now have a 5 second recast delay.

** Item Changes **

- The effect on the 10th ring should have fewer stacking conflicts with
haste buffs.

- The effect of the Monk epic, Celestial Tranquility, will stack with
the higher end haste spells. Keep in mind – the highest haste will
always win out. This means that the spells will stack, the haste
components will not.

- Speed of the Shissar has had its duration increased from 20 minutes
to 30 minutes. This effect should no longer conflict with Call of
Earth.

- Bone Ring of Condemnation will no longer be usable in the secondary
slot, it will only be wearable on the finger.

- Druid Skyshrine Quest armor has had a color change so that it will
look more unique.

- Circlet of Shadow will no longer drop in-game. The Circlet of
Shadows, can now be found in its place. This item differs from the
original only in that it has a five-second casting time. Existing
Circlets of Shadow will retain the same functionality as before, though
we may change existing Circlets at some future date.

** Quest Changes **

- King Tormax is now a little more particular about who he gives quests
to.

- The Iksar Shaman 6th Skull/cudgel quest should be working now.

- Rumor has it that there is a new source for green dragon scales in
Norrath.

** PvP Changes **

- If you go link dead on a PvP server and are killed you can still be
looted.

- When a player becomes invisible (or hides successfully) every other
player that had them targeted will lose their target. This is true for
all servers, but has the greatest implications on PvP servers. The use
of spells that allow you to see through invisibility will prevent you
from losing your target if that target hides or goes invisible.

- Faction hits on Rallos Zek: Killing a person in one of his or her
home cities will cause a faction hit with residents of that city.

** Miscellaneous **

- We’ve addressed a lot of spelling and grammatical errors over the
past few weeks. For example we have corrected all misspellings of
“deity” in messages to the player, changed Cantana to Cantata and
others.

- The ‘Fab Four’ in Dagnor’s Cauldron will no longer assist Undertow
Skeletons.

- Instill Doubt/Intimidation can no longer be used while sitting, and
sitting after starting it will cancel it.

- Mastery of language skills now occurs at 100, not at 101. This was a
problem for masters of a language, since language skills could not go
over 100.

- The messages for eating and drinking now say “Chomp… Chomp,” or
“Glug… Glug…” so that they can’t be copied with emotes.

- Helms on Barbarians, Trolls, and Ogres should no longer block the
first person view when in combat.

- Sirens Grotto has been changed a bit. It should be a more interesting
zone now.

** NOTE **

Boisterous shouts can be heard across the lands as carriers herald the
arrival of the latest volume of their city’s newspapers. Citizens rush
to get a copy of these publications to read the featured articles,
latest gossip, and community news for their home town.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

June 29, 2001

(NOTE: Found here: http://web.archive.org/web/20010725175604/http://eq.castersrealm.com/viewarticle.asp?Article=3626)

In the Emergency patch of June 29 we performed the following fixes:

    We fixed the bug with feign death spells that was causing it to fail and sending a "Your spell has been interrupted" message.
    We fixed the way that NPCs were treating pets. They were accrediting more hate to pets than they should have.
    We also fixed a bug with factions that was making it impossible to raise some factions. There may still be factions that you can't raise because there are no methods for raising them, not because of a bug. If you get a faction message you will also get a faction gain (or hit). 

    We also added a message that will let you know when you can no longer gain or lose faction with a certain group. It will say: 

Your faction standing with could not possibly get any worse.

or

Your faction standing with could not possibly get any better.

That was the essence of the patch last night. Sorry about the problems.

Alan

……………………………………………………………

——————————
July 10, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

** Bug Fixes **

- The “NPC unerringly sticks on pet” AI bug implemented in the last
patch has been fixed. This resolves a bug that occurred a short while
ago that would cause pets to be the focus for most attacks by NPCs.

- Fixed the animation problem where an animation played on the upper
body would get stuck. This could be seen by starting to cast a spell
and then walking forward while it was playing the casting animation.

- Fixed a bug that wouldn’t allow a player to target an invisible PC or
NPC with the F7 or F8 keys even if they had See Invisible up.

- Stacking issues with ‘change form’ type spells have been corrected.
Lich and Clarity will no longer stack, nor will Spirit of Wolf and Wolf
Form.

- The bug with screenshots that some people experienced when using 32-
bit color mode should be fixed.

** Item and Vendor Adjustments **

- Changed the forged Antonian Javelins to be stackable.

- Gnome Skin Sleeves are now droppable and rentable.

- Spiderling and Spider Silks are now stackable

- Spider Legs are now stackable.

- Tarnished weapons worth slightly more to the vendors than the rusty
ones.

- Reduced the weight of the monk only Black Pantherskin armor.

- All Sheets of metal and Folded Sheets of metal are now stackable.

- Rangers will now be able to wear Girdle of Reflection

- There is now a vendor in Felwithe that sells the Enchant Ores series
of enchanter spells.

** Zone and Quest Changes **

- The Crazed Ghouls should be less of a problem in Unrest.

- The Monk red headband quest should now be available again.

- We’ve added a few more Yew Leaf spawns.

- Reevaluated the values of the various fish fillets. All fish vendors
should return to normal, but they won’t be paying as well for certain
fishy items. This resolves a problem that was created with the
increased value of player made food items all over Norrath. Some of
food items were made too valuable, and merchants were complaining to
their union leaders…

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
July 24, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

** Item Changes **

- Silver Chitin Hand Wraps’ haste effect has been repaired.
- The Smite scroll no longer lists Enchanters as a class that can use
it.
- The Augment Death scroll no longer lists Shadowknights as a class
that can use it.
- Many pelts have been made stackable. Those that are not stackable now
are quest items that will not be made stackable.

** Spell Changes **

- Focus of Spirit will now stack with Voice of the Berserker.
- Barrier of Force will now stack with Protection of the Glades.
- Manaskin and Protection of the Glades will now stack.

** Trade Skill Changes **

- Repaired some class/deity combinations on two of the deity specific
pottery Idols.

** Changes to Sullon Zek **

- There are no faction hits for killing half-elves in any city.
- If an Erudite of Paineel is killed in Paineel the killer takes a
faction hit (existing rule).
- If an Erudite of Erudin is killed in Erudin the killer takes a
faction hit (new rule).
- Bards can’t cast harmful spells on boats.
- If a character kills a higher level character, the higher level
character will always lose experience. This is in addition to the fact
that any player killed within the + or – 5 level range will lose
experience.
- Goods and Neutrals will now be able to turn in Greater Insignias for
a Magician only summon corpse potion usable only at levels over 45th.
- Characters under level 6 will no longer be immune to PvP in many
adventure zones. Players will be notified when they enter such zones.

** Misc. Changes **

- /target playername will now work on invisible targets as long as the
character doing the targeting has the ability to see invisible.

** NOTE **

Boisterous shouts can be heard across the lands as carriers herald the
arrival of the latest volume of their city’s newspapers. Citizens rush
to get a copy of these publications to read the featured articles,
latest gossip, and community news for their hometowns.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 15, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

** Spell Changes **

- Celestial Tranquility and Call of Earth will now stack
- Some stacking issues with Torpor have been corrected.
- Celestial Cleansing will fizzle less now
- Cannibalize should fizzle slightly less often now

** Zone Changes **

- Updated some pathing in Runnyeye, Paineel, Siren’s Grotto and Kedge.
- The Drowned Citizens are back, for sure this time.
- Fixed a bug that was not allowing some NPCs in Kael to see invisible
creatures as they should.
- Restored “charmability” of most NPCs (merchants will remain
uncharmable) in Kael due to fix of combat AI bug listed bellow under
Miscellaneous Changes.

** Item Changes **

- The Giant Tree Flayer is now Large instead of Tiny.
- Staff of Temperate Flux has been changed to main hand only.
- Ring of Frost Spiders can now be worn.
- Robe of the Seacaller should now be equipable.

** Trade Skill Changes **

- Imbued Field Plate Boots should be working properly now.

** Sullon Zek Changes **

- Changed the way resists are calculated when a Player Character casts
a spell on another Player Character on Sullon Zek. Resist modifiers
based on level will now be more smoothly distributed and will allow
lower level characters a slightly better chance to land spells on
higher level characters. At the same time giving lower level characters
a slightly better chance to resist spells cast on them by higher level
characters.
- Characters below 6th level cannot be pick pocketed in any zone.
- Guards have a better chance of aggro’ing a rogue that fails at
picking pockets near guards.

** Miscellaneous Changes **

- Fixed a recently introduced combat AI bug that caused NPCs to focus
unduly on attacking pets rather than PCs
- Added a few crowns to the list of items that can be traded in for new
crowns with new textures. The same NPCs that were interested in trading
out your helms will now trade your crowns. Please keep in mind that
they will not be trading them back to you. Once you get the new look
it’s yours to keep, even if it clashes with your favorite eye shadow.

** NOTE **

Boisterous shouts can be heard across the lands as carriers herald the
arrival of the latest volume of their city’s newspapers. Citizens rush
to get a copy of these publications to read the featured articles,
latest gossip, and community news for their hometowns.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 22, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

** Crashing Bug Fixes **

- Fixed the problem that was causing zones to crash in some instances.

- Corrected a bug that would cause some people to hang up while waiting
for a sound event between the splash and character-select screens.

** Item Change **

- The Green Flower should be working again.

** Spell Change **

- Fixed a stacking bug that allowed multiple Levitation buffs to stack.

** Sullon Zek Changes **

- The Resist code changes we made with the last patch should be working
properly now. Here is the text about that change:

“Changed the way resists are calculated when a Player Character casts a
spell on another Player Character on Sullon Zek. Resist modifiers based
on level will now be more smoothly distributed and will allow lower
level characters a slightly better chance to land spells on higher
level characters. At the same time giving lower level characters a
slightly better chance to resist spells cast on them by higher level
characters.”

- Cancel Magic spells should now work across teams.

- Characters should no longer disappear when Mesmerized or stunned.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 29, 2001
——————————

Located on the small continent of Odus, the Stonebrunt Mountains are
rich with vegetation and distinctive hills that give way to the
towering Mount Klaw; the largest mountain in Odus and home to the
Kerran village of Kejeka. The zone of Stonebrunt is designed to be a
mid-level, outdoor zone similar in scope and scale to the Lake of Ill
Omen on Kunark, which has proven to be a very popular zone in
EverQuest.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
September 11, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

** Spell Changes **

- Changed all enchanter mesmerization spells so that they overwrite
Screaming Terror

- Changed Shaman epic effect (Curse of the Spirits) so that it would
not conflict with certain Damage over Time spells.

- The Emissary of Thule Necromancer pet is now immune to fear

- Beneficial buffs that don’t have an ability drain component on them
can now be clicked off.

** Miscellaneous Updates **

- The server selection screen now only gives information on whether or
not a server is up instead of providing player counts. In addition, the
“count” option on the /who command has been restricted to internal
personnel. Servers on the server selection screen are still ordered
from least-populated to most populated in order to assist players in
choosing the least populated server.

- Harla Dar has been repaired (this happened sometime earlier than
today, but we wanted you to know).

- Reactivated broken zone line between Qeynos to the Sewers. A dead
halfling was stuck in the drainpipe and has been removed.

- Fixed a long-standing bug that was causing Feign Death to fail when
several characters were on the NPC’s hate list along with the character
using Feign Death. We’d like to extend much thanks to the monk
community who helped us track this one down. Also fixed a problem with
the monk’s ‘Block’ skill which inadvertantly was recapped at a lower
than normal skill level in recent months. Kudos to “Faned” of the
“Monkly Business” bulletin board who brow-beat Gordon with the facts
until he gave in and looked at the code :)

- As announced earlier this week, the Belt of the Cenobite was made
useable by some inappropriate classes/races in the last patch. This has
been corrected.

- Several quest components in zones with the Trivial Loot Code will now
be lootable regardless of level.

*** Norrathian News ***

Boisterous shouts can be heard across the lands as carriers herald the
arrival of the latest volume of their city’s newspapers. Citizens rush
to get a copy of these publications to read the featured articles,
latest gossip, and community news for their hometowns.

*** Announcing Test of Tactics III ***

Yes you heard right, Test of Tactics will be making its return to the
lands of Norrath in October and November. This event will present teams
of 18 members in a battle to the death. Only the strong of body and
mind will survive and come out of the arena victorious. For more
information on the event and sign up for please look on Harpy’s Head
Tavern at http://everquest.station.sony.com/hht/events/.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
September 11, 2001 Terrorist Attack Response
——————————

“The staff of Sony Online Entertainment wish to extend their
condolences and prayers to the victims, and the families of the
victims, lost in today’s horrific events. We share in your grief during
these difficult times.”

The quote from our front page expresses how we all feel here in the
office. I only want to extend my personal sympathies to all the
families that this has touched.

We have received many letters, and I want to thank you all for sending
them in. It’s obvious that we will all be different people from here
forward. If I don’t dwell on this in my responses here it is only
because I know that none of us will forget what has happened, and that
you come here for entertainment not reminders of tragedy.

Alan

……………………………………………………………

——————————
September 13, 2001
——————————

Sony Online Entertainment, is asking for your help in locating someone
involved in the recent terror:

Sony Online Entertainment needs your help in locating Gregory Trost.
Gregory is a nephew of an SOE employee and his last known location was
the 86th floor of Tower Two in the World Trade Center. With the tragic
events that took place on September 11, the Trost family is anxious for
any information regarding Gregory. If you have any information on
Gregory’s whereabouts, please contact Sony Online Entertainment at this
special address. greginfo@station.sony.com

[Editor Note: Gregory Trost was later found to be among the nearly 3000
people killed in the World Trade Center disaster.]

……………………………………………………………

September 18th, 6:00pm
-------------------------

** Melee changes **


We're wrapping up an extensive look at the way that melee works in EverQuest. These changes are appearing now on Test (in fact, most of them are working as of right now). We wanted to make you aware of these changes in some detail so that you can give us the feedback that we need on them. Please try these changes out and comment on results that you've seen.

We will be beginning our final analysis on casters in the very near future.

* Melee Tables *

Melee combat is based, at least in part, on tables that determines how each class functions. Up until 50th level melee and hybrid classes are on the same table, with the exception being monks who are on a separate table (one that has them doing more damage). At 50th level warriors, rogues and rangers were all moved to the monk table along with the monk, who did not receive a new separate table.

The problem here is that post 50th level the disparity between these two tables, combined with lower combat abilities for the hybrids as well as a more restricted selection of weapons acted as a double (almost triple) penalty, making them less effective in combat than was really intended.

Therefore, all melee and hybrid classes will be basing their combat off the melee table once they reach 51st level. This should increase the combat effectiveness of hybrids noticeably.

Monks, however, are intended to be somewhat better at dealing out damage in combat than warriors. To slightly improve their combat prowess they will be working from an improved combat table once they reach 55th level and again at 60th level. This will improve the combat ability of monks somewhat, essentially placing them a half a step ahead of everyone else in toe-to-toe combat in the same way that they were prior to 50th level. The rogue will still maintain a margin of superiority when you consider their ability to backstab.

* Two-Handed Weapons *

The effectiveness of these weapons falls slightly below our desire for them. This tends to make those that rely on them most often (shadowknights and paladins) also fall slightly behind our desires for their damage output, at least at levels beyond 50. We'd also like to see a broader range of weapons used by higher level warriors, and it would be nice to see two-handers as a more viable option.

Therefore, we will be increasing the minimum damage of these weapons for all classes once they reach 50th level. There will be an increase in the minimum damage of two-handed weapons based on the wielder's level and delay of the weapon. The higher level the character and the larger the delay, the bigger the bonus. Obviously we're not going to give out exact numbers, but this should result in a solid increase in damage output when using two-handed weapons.

We also believe that there has been a bit of disparity between the very high-end one-handed weapons and their counterpart two-handed weapons. The ultra-high end one-handed weapons are comparatively better than their two-handed counterparts. We will, on a case by case basis, be improving many of the high-end two-handed weapons. Because this is essentially a fix for an oversight on our parts, we will be making these changes retroactive (meaning you won't have to trade the items in or hunt for new ones, existing weapons will just change).


* Rangers *

We've also noticed that rangers, while intended to be hit harder in combat than other melee/hybrid classes, are getting hit harder than we planned. Again, this only happens in the 50+ level range. So we will be increasing the defense cap for rangers again slightly to 210 at 60th level. Exactly how these points will be distributed is uncertain, but probably just one point per level after 50. We will also be giving rangers triple attack.


* Monks *

Monks will be getting triple attack. This along with the improvement of their combat tables should place them about where we want them, combat-wise.


* Bards *

Bards are indeed intended to have the least ability to deal damage physically of all the classes we're discussing. However, with their lack of double attack they didn't meet even our intentions for their damage output. We will, therefore, be raising the offense and one-handed weapon caps for bards over 50th level to match that of warriors. This should place their ability to do damage by means of melee within our intended range without making them more effective than the knights at any given level, since double attack is a potent melee skill that bards do not get.

——————————
September 25, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

** Spell Changes **

- We have removed the changes to bard song stacking that were made with
the recent emergency patch. We will be reviewing those changes for
possible update in a future patch.

** Item Changes **

- The Shaman Epic effect has been returned to its previous effect (and
it should conflict with fewer Damage over Time spells, as was the
intention for the change made last patch).

** Quest Changes **

- Ivory Sky Diamond is now dropping as it should.

- Fixed an error in a Stonebrunt quest where an NPC was handing out the
wrong reward.

** Miscellaneous **

- Added some code that might fix a bug with female hair and Erudite
hoods that caused them to fail to appear sometimes when a helmet was
removed. This would cause some characters to look as though the back of
their head was missing at times.

- Mouselook will now work a little differently when in the first two
third-person camera modes (overhead and chase). They will work
similarly to first-person mouselook (i.e. your character’s heading will
change when you move the mouse left or right, the left and right
movement keys will cause your player to strafe, and the camera angle
will pitch up or down when you move the mouse forward or back). These
changes should make those first two third-person camera modes more
useful.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
September 30, 2001
——————————

Firiona Vie server is available on Test now:

Or it will be very shortly…
You can get to this server by running testeverquest.exe from your
EverQuest directory. Please read the Test Server disclaimer (available
in the Test Server patch message) carefully before playing on the Test
Server.

Here is part of the message from the Test Server.

*** Firiona Vie Server ***

The new Firiona Vie Server is now available for testing. As usual,
please keep in mind that this is a Test server and we will be changing
things as time goes by. The Test Server Disclaimer shown above applies
to this server as well. Please be aware that when the server ‘goes
Live’ all existing characters from the beta periods will be removed.

There are many special rules for this server. We will be keeping an
updated list of these rules on our Developer’s Corner message board.
Please head over to www.everquest.com and head to the message boards
for the most recent information about this server.

Here is the preliminary list of rules. To read this information later,
you can refer to the testeqnews.txt file in your EverQuest folder.

* Firiona Vie Server Feature List *

This is a new server, not a split server. Nor will there be any
transfers to this server.

Characters will be wiped before the server goes Live.

This is a PvE (Player vs. Environment) server, NOT a PvP (Player vs.
Player) server. In other words, it’s a standard ‘blue’ server with the
same rules and features regarding PvP as the vast majority of our
servers. It is not one of the ‘Zeks’.

Auction restricted to city zones: Qeynos, Surefall Glade, Highkeep,
Freeport, Rivervale, Erudin, Halas, Neriak, Grobb, Oggok, Greater
Faydark, Ak’Anon, Kaladim, Felwithe, Paineel, Cabilis, Kael and
Thurgadin.

Beneficial buff spells will not work on characters 20 levels lower than
the caster.

Each character will be assigned an “alignment” upon creation. This
alignment will be described in brief on the character creation screen
(in the same location the their Deity is described).

Each character will be able to change their alignment once any time
after they reach 10th level if they choose. A character is not required
to change alignments, but may do so any time after attaining 10th
level. The player will be able to chose from a list of alignments based
on their race, class and deity.

A character’s alignment will determine whether or not they can group or
guild with other characters. (Note: The Guild portion of this code has
not yet been implemented, and no guilds will be forming on this server
until we can get it working).

A character’s alignment will determine an experience bonus or penalty
when grouping with other characters.

A character’s alignment will determine if they can cast beneficial
spells on other characters (including resurrections).

Language skills will improve only through group chat in the same zone
and from /say.

Languages will only improve 1 point each hour and will be capped at
level*5+5 skill points.

Common will not exist. A Human language will be added and only made
easily available to certain races.

One character per account.

The Trivial Loot Code will be in effect in all zones.

Very few items will be No-Drop. Exceptions will include things such as
newbie notes and epic weapons.

Bind Affinity will be restricted for all characters to locations where
melee characters can bind on other servers.

/emote will be language specific

All characters will be /roleplay.

/alignment will display the alignment of your character and probably a
more detailed description of that alignment.

* Trivial Loot Code *

Briefly, the Trivial Loot Code works like this: If a character kills an
NPC and that NPC does not give them experience, then the Trivial Loot
Code takes effect. If any member of a group does not get experience for
a kill, the Trivial Loot Code will take effect. The Trivial Loot Code
prevents magical, lore and no-drop items from appearing on the corpse.
Normal items and coins will appear on the corpse in all cases as usual.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 5, 2001 Press Release – Graphics Upgrades
——————————

THE WORLD OF EVERQUEST® GOES HIGH RESOLUTION WITH EVERQUEST: THE
SHADOWS OF LUCLIN™ EXPANSION

-Old World Environments To Rival Luclin’s Beauty With Improved
Graphics-

SAN DIEGO, CA – October 5, 2001- Sony Online Entertainment Inc., (SOE)
announced today that EverQuest®: The Shadows of Luclin™ will launch
with an additional CD-ROM featuring a complete upgrade to all textures
throughout the original world of Norrath and all previous expansions.

“We are pleased to make this surprise announcement,” said Brad McQuaid,
Chief Creative Officer & Vice President, Sony Online Entertainment.
“EverQuest players will be amazed at the clarity the texture upgrade
provides and we feel the gameplay experience will be richly enhanced.”

When EverQuest originally shipped in 1999, the development team
utilized 32 x 32 low-resolution pixels because of graphics technology
at the time. With the advent of superior graphic cards, the upgraded
texture resolution featured in EverQuest: The Shadows of Luclin will be
256 x 256 pixels and occasionally as large as 512 x 512 pixels. This
vast improvement in quality will make Norrath appear more vibrant and
detailed than ever before.

“We have gone through the entire game and applied the new higher
resolution textures by hand,” said Scott McDaniel, EverQuest Art Lead,
Sony Online Entertainment. “The sheer size of EverQuest has made this
upgrade quite a project. To see the old zones in high resolution is
really exciting for the entire team.”

EverQuest: The Shadows of Luclin features over 24 new zones, rideable
mounts, all new character models, new facial animations, and over 120
new spells and will be available on retail shelves in December 2001.
For more information visit the official Shadows of Luclin website at .

The Station (www.station.com) is the official provider of EverQuest,
with software updates and news about the game, message boards and other
community features, as well as an easy-to-use billing system for
EverQuest’s monthly subscription fee.

Sony Online Entertainment Inc. (SOE), the online gaming division of
Sony Pictures Digital Entertainment, is a worldwide leader in massively
multiplayer online gaming. Headquartered in San Diego, California, SOE
develops, publishes and distributes entertainment for the PC and online
markets. With more than 10 million registered users, SOE’s award-
winning website, The Station® (www.station.com) hosts a variety of
entertaining games and player communities spanning all genres. In
addition to blockbuster hits EverQuest® and Jeopardy! Online, SOE has
an array of cutting-edge online games in development such asPlanetSide,
Star Wars Galaxies™ and Sovereign™.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 8, 2001
——————————

*** Item Changes ***

- Increased the duration on Song of the Deep Seas (the proc on a bardic
weapon) dramatically.

- Modified the effect of Feast of Blood (weapon proc) it is now a DoT
lifetap

- Added a texture to Flayed Barbarian Skin Leggings.

- Added Illusion: Barbarian to the Flayed Barbarian Hide Mask.

*** Miscellaneous Changes ***

- The last language used by your character will be stored in your
eqclient.ini file when you log out. This means that if the last
character you were playing was speaking Elvish, then when you log back
in with any character, that character will be speaking Elvish if he
can, otherwise it will be set to a default language (most often
Common).

*** Magic System Changes ***

There is a more detailed explanation of these changes posted on our
Developer’s Corner. Please visit there for more details (either at
www.everquest.com or http://boards.station.sony.com/ubb/everquest/cgi-
bin/Ultimate.cgi). Here is a summary of the changes:

- The level-based spell resistance bonus inherent in super-high level
NPCs has been reduced significantly.

- Several NPCs have had their resistances reduced. Each of them was
examined carefully, and resistances changed as seemed appropriate. For
some of these NPCs other things were changed as well to compensate for
their increased susceptibility to spells, such as armor improvements or
perhaps greater hit points, if needed for that NPC.

- NPCs that were highly magic resistant in order to make them immune to
certain spells can now be given specific immunity to those spells. This
means that they can be made immune to critical spells, as intended, and
still be generally less resistant to magic. Players will receive a
message similar to the one that is already given for Mesmerization
spells when they cast a spell on an NPC that it is specifically immune
to.

IMPORTANT NOTE: It is very important to note that we have not made any
NPCs immune to spells that they were not already immune to. Many NPCs
that were previously immune to spells due to their high innate
resistance to magic have had that resistance reduced and specific
immunities added. So if you see an immunity message after attempting to
cast a spell on an NPC that you hadn’t seen such a message from before,
understand that the NPC was already immune to that spell before due to
high resistances, and the only difference is that it now has lower
resistances in general and specific spell immunity (which is why you
are seeing the message).

*** Melee Changes ***

After extensive research, testing, and evaluation we have completed the
melee portion of our class balancing. To be clear, these changes apply
just to the combat aspect of melee classes. Any issues with non-combat
skills, spell effects, spell selection, or non-combat aspects of
classes will be evaluated in the near future. With the completion of
the melee combat balancing, we will be moving onto spells and spell
casting classes.

Due to the extensive nature of these changes, we can’t describe them in
detail here. A detailed summary will be available on our Developer’s
Corner message board. Please visit www.everquest.com and our forums for
more information.

* Summary of Melee Changes *

- Two-Handed Weapons have been given an increased damage bonus for
characters over level 50. Also, certain post-epic quality two-handers
have been improved.

- Warriors have had their taunt skill cap increased to 230 at 60th
level. Also, the Blades of Strategy and Tactics can now be used in
either hand.

- Rogues, as the primary user of piercing weapons, will benefit from an
improvement in the quality of a few existing high-end daggers. At some
future date new piercing weapons will be added to the game to fill gaps
in equipment availability.

- Monks will now be on an improved combat table at levels 55 and again
to a better table at 60. Monks now have the ability to Triple Attack at
60th level. The minimum damage done by Flying Kick will be greatly
increased for monks starting at 51st level and scaling up to level 60.
We also intend to add more monk weapons in the future to fill equipment
gaps.

- Rangers have their Double Attack skill cap raised to 245. They have
also gained an innate offensive bonus that starts at level 55 and
increases until level 60. Ranger’s Defense skill cap has been raised to
220, and their Riposte skill cap has been raised to 185.

- Paladins and Shadowknights, besides the benefits they gain from the
two-handed weapons change mentioned above, have also been moved to the
same combat tables as warriors. In the future we intend to examine the
existing one-handed weapons useable by knights for possible upgrades.
We are also increasing the Taunt skill cap for these two classes to
220.

- Bards have had their 1h blunt and 1h slash skill caps increased to
250. Their piercing skill cap has been increased to 240. Their Offense
skill cap has been raised to 252. Bards are also being moved to the
same combat table with all the other melee and hybrid classes (save
monks who have separate tables after level 55). Bards Parry skill cap
has been raised to 185 as well. Finally, the Singing Shortsword can now
be equipped in the off hand and still give full song enhancing
benefits.

Please read the detailed explanation of these changes on our
Developer’s Corner message boards at

http://boards.station.sony.com/ubb/everquest/cgi-bin/Ultimate.cgi

*** Firiona Vie (Roleplaying Preferred) server goes Live ***

Our newest special rules server is now available. Firiona Vie is
designated as roleplaying preferred. There are many special rules for
this server, please read over them carefully before playing. We will be
keeping an updated list of these rules on our web site at
http://everquest.station.sony.com/guidebook/firionavie.jsp .

** Firiona Vie Server Feature List **

- This is a new server, not a split server. Nor will there be any
transfers to this server.
- Characters will be wiped before the server goes Live.
- This is a PvE (Player vs. Environment) server, NOT a PvP (Player vs.
Player) server. In other words, it’s a standard ‘blue’ server with the
same rules and features regarding PvP as the vast majority of our
servers. It is not one of the ‘Zeks’.
- Auction restricted to city zones: Qeynos, Surefall Glade, Highkeep,
Freeport, Rivervale, Erudin, Halas, Neriak, Grobb, Oggok, Greater
Faydark, Ak’Anon, Kaladim, Felwithe, Paineel, Cabilis, Kael and
Thurgadin.
- Beneficial buff spells will not work on characters 20 levels lower than the caster.
- Each character will be assigned an “alignment” upon creation. This
alignment will be described in brief on the character creation screen
(in the same location that their Deity is described).
- Each character will be able to change their alignment once any time
after they reach 10th level if they choose. A character is not required
to change alignments, but may do so any time after attaining 10th
level. The player will be able to chose from a list of alignments based
on their race, class and deity.
- A character’s alignment will determine whether or not they can group
with other characters.
- A character’s alignment will determine an experience bonus or penalty
when grouping with other characters.
- A character’s alignment will determine if they can cast beneficial
spells on other characters (including resurrections).
- Language skills will improve only through group chat in the same zone
and from /say.
- Languages will only improve 1 point each hour and will be capped at
level*5+5 skill points.
- Common will not exist. A Human language will be added and only made
easily available to certain races.
- One character per account.
- The Trivial Loot Code will be in effect in all zones.
- Very few items will be No-Drop. Exceptions will include things such
as newbie notes and epic weapons.
- Bind Affinity will be restricted for all characters to locations
where melee characters can bind on other servers.
- /emote will be language specific
- All characters will be /roleplay.
- /alignment will display the alignment of your character and probably
a more detailed description of that alignment.

** Trivial Loot Code **

Briefly, the Trivial Loot Code works like this: If a character kills an
NPC and that NPC does not give them experience, then the Trivial Loot
Code takes effect. If any member of a group does not get experience for
a kill, the Trivial Loot Code will take effect. The Trivial Loot Code
prevents magical, lore and no-drop items from appearing on the corpse.
Normal items and coins will appear on the corpse in all cases as usual.

For detailed information about the alignment system on the Firiona Vie
server, please visit our web site:

http://everquest.station.sony.com/guidebook/firionavie.jsp

** NOTE **

Boisterous shouts can be heard across the lands as carriers herald the
arrival of the latest volume of their city’s newspapers. Citizens rush
to get a copy of these publications to read the featured articles,
latest gossip, and community news for their hometowns.

** A Tale from Norrath **

Adventurers, glory seekers, and plunder-hungry knaves,

A few new tavern tales have been circulating from across the Deep. It
appears that strife and civil unrest have once again plagued the lands
of Kunark. Stories of treachery and terror within the ranks of the
Sarnak have spilled forth from the mountain fortress of Chardok.

Only a few of the most cunning spies have made their way into the
Sarnak hive during this brief time of turmoil, and their reports may
have serious implications. The Brood of Di`zok seems to be more
organized than before. Their leadership is becoming more structured…
and much more brutal. Production in the mines appears to be increasing
and soldiers have been amassing in great numbers.

Other tales have come from this mountain fortress as well. Terror
squads and interrogators have decimated the ranks of reported Sarnak
traitors. These squads have been working under the leadership of one of
the Sarnak Collective’s newest council members, Korucust. It can only
be presumed that this cleansing is another step towards strengthening
the foul brood.

These tales are hard to confirm, since many of your adventurous kind
are prone to drink and to the occasional mistruth. If these tales are
true, it would only stand to reason that new dangers may reveal new
wealth and glory. Perhaps it is time for you to gather your best gear,
finish your mug of ale, and head out to investigate.

Good luck adventurers.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 31, 2001
——————————

The scheduled patch is now complete. All servers are now up and
operational.

- The EverQuest Operations Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
November 7, 2001
——————————

** Project M Implemented **

Tonight we have patched something to the PvP servers that many players
have been waiting for. The ability to play that gnoll, orc, or the cute
and fuzzy rat. On your character select screen you will notice another
button in the upper right part of your screen called “Monster”.
Clicking this button will randomly place you in a low-level NPC in a
random zone. You will be given full control of the creature to do with
it what you like. You may hunt and kill other creatures. You may even
attack other players.

Some things to remember when playing your own personal monster (NPC).

-You will not be able to interact with players or NPC’s other than
moving and hitting attack.
-You cannot speak, trade, sell, or do anything else that a player can
do.
-You will spawn with normal loot for the monster you are playing and
Player Characters will be able to kill you for loot and experience.
-If you are a spell casting monster you might want to take a moment to
memorize some spells.
-Once you die, you will return to the character select screen where you
may choose to return as another NPC or play your normal character.
-You may gain experience, levels, and skills as this NPC, but once you
die, it is all lost. You will need to start over the next time you
choose to be a NPC character.
-You can’t zone as a monster.
-Monster PCs (MPCs) can not loot, sell, or gain items. They only get
what they start out with.

This ability to play a monster is being implemented for PvP servers
only as we have no plans to implement non-consensual PvP on a non PvP
server.

However, we are still working with this system. We may find other ways
to implement Project M on the non-PvP servers that are acceptable. We
aren’t done looking at the possible uses of this new feature.

** PvP Server Related **

- Guards, when seeing PCs in combat, will now attack the one that they
like the least (the one with the lowest appropriate faction). If all
the PCs involved are highly regarded (have very high faction) the
guards will allow them to resolve their own issues without interfering.

- Guards should also refrain from attacking PCs that are attacked by
pets of any sort.

- Sullon Zek now has an across the board experience bonus of 20%, and
the experience loss on all deaths on Sullon Zek is now 50% less.

** Zone Specific Changes **

- Kael now has specific bind locations, located only at the entryways.
This means that binding will only be possible in those areas.

- Anti-bottom feeding code has been removed from the Stonebrunt
Mountains and the Warrens.

- Added a melee bind location to the dock in Iceclad.

** Bug Fixes **

- Fixed a bug that allowed corpses to exist inside walls. Now if a
corpse ends up in a location that is not ‘valid’ the corpse will be
moved to the ‘safe coordinates’ of the zone. Also, the /corpse command
will now summon your own corpse to you anywhere in the zone as long as
that corpse is on the safe spot of the zone. This should prevent
corpses from being stuck in walls.

- Fixed it so that Critical Hit damage messages match the actual damage done.

- The visible damage bonus modifier on two-handed weapons has been
corrected. The value that was displayed was incorrect, no change has
been made to the damage bonus itself.

** Item Changes **

- Fixed an issue with the Bardic Epic weapon. Now if the bard has his
Epic and an instrument that gives bonuses to songs, the best effect
will take precedence, rather than the Epic bonuses always being used.

- Cloak of Imperception should now have charges. You will need to
exchange your old one for a new one with your GM within the next five
days.

- Donal’s Chestplate of Mourning has unlimited charges again.

** Gameplay/Interface Changes/Additions **

- We have changed the way the /consider command works. We have added a
‘light blue’ area between green and blue. NPCs that used to /consider
green but gave experience will now /consider light blue, as well as
NPCs of slightly lower level than those greens. You will always get
experience for something that is light blue. You will not receive
experience for greens. At the same time, by including lower level NPCs
in the light blue /consider, we have increased the range of lower level
NPCs that will grant experience. This will be most noticeable for
characters of higher level.

- Added /targetgroupbuff. Type /targetgroupbuff on to activate, off to
turn it off. When on, all group buff spells you cast will require a
target but will affect everyone grouped (and in range) with that
target, even if it is not your own group. When it is off your group
buff spells will act normally. This will only work with group buffs
that have a duration, and will not affect heals, portals or change form
spells.

- Added code that will put one item onto your cursor if it won’t fit
into your inventory due to a cancelled trade or looting items (and
other cases). This will only work if there is not already an item on
the cursor.

- Added code that prevents player characters from dropping coins on the
ground. This should prevent the loss of coins due to accident or scam.

- Made a modification to the chase camera mouselook code. Moving the
mouse forward or back in this camera view will make the camera move up
and down, and the camera also automatically pitches to keep your
character in view.

- You now see the number of hit points you are healed, and you also now
see how many hit points you heal when healing others.

** Skill Changes **

- Bard Piercing cap was raised to 250 at 60th level.

- Foraging and Fishing will now result in a wider variety of items,
especially in zones that have unusual items available to forage or fish
(such as quest items). Quest and unique items were too common in zones
that had them, often making it hard to use those skills to obtain items
such as food and drink. These quest and rare items will now actually be
rarely foraged or fished, as they should have been. Such items will
still be available, even to those with low foraging skills, but they
will be more easily found by those who have practiced the skills.

*** Norrathian News ***

Boisterous shouts can be heard across the lands as carriers herald the
arrival of the latest volume of their city’s newspapers. Citizens rush
to get a copy of these publications to read the featured articles,
latest gossip, and community news for their hometowns.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
November 8, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

** Follow-up Patch **

We had a couple of bugs pop up in yesterday’s patch. Rather than having
everyone wait to see them fixed we’ve elected to roll them in now:

Bards lost the ability to use item effects while moving. This has been
fixed.

Monks can now train mend again.

Fixed a collision problem that caused people to fall through some
walls.

Fixed a problem with /targetgroupbuff that allowed people to cast
combat portal spells on others.

We apologize for the inconvenience.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
November 28, 2001
——————————

** Server Outage for Shadows of Luclin Launch **

In order to update our server for the launch of EverQuest: Shadows of
Luclin, all servers will be taken down starting at noon on Monday,
December 3rd. They will be brought back up again on Tuesday, December
4th at 8 am (Pacific Time – which is -8:00 GMT).

We regret the down time that setting up the new expansion requires.
Shadows of Luclin offers some exciting new content as well as a
fantastic new graphics engine. We hope that you’ll agree with us that
Shadows of Luclin is well worth the extended patch time.

Thanks for your patience.

** DirectX 8.0 or higher Required for EverQuest **

When we update the servers on December 3rd for Shadows of Luclin, we
will also be updating a lot of the code for the existing game. This
code is written specifically for use with DirectX 8.0 and higher, and
should provide better performance to most of our customers. The
improvement will be most noticeable for people using newer hardware.

This will require that all EverQuest players update their DirectX to
version 8.0 or better to play EverQuest. We will be providing an
instructional page to help people with this upgrade in the very near
future at www.everquestlive.com. If you want to test your DirectX 8
configuration and drivers sooner rather than later, you can do so by
running “TestEverQuest.exe” in your EverQuest directory and logging on
to the Test Server. Please view the patch message there for information
should you have any problems logging in.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
Dcember 3, 2001
——————————

*EQClient INI Setting*

There’s some confusion about the information that’s been released on
the Test server over the past couple of days, and that confusion is
resulting in some people having trouble playing EverQuest. To clear it
up:

The GraphicsDLL setting in your EQClient.ini file should read
“GraphicsDLL=EQGfx_Dx7.dll” regardless of what server you are playing
on or what version of DirectX you are running. If you are having
problems getting in to EverQuest, specifically, problems crashing prior
to reaching character select, please check and set this entry in your
EQClient.ini as necessary.

Also, as a reminder, all EverQuest subscribers will need to have
DirectX 8.1 or better installed on their system in order to play
beginning Tuesday morning. The latest version of DirectX can be found
at http://www.microsoft.com/directx.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 4, 2001 6:00 am
——————————

*** Welcome to Luclin ***

“As you know, youngster, we of the League of Antonican Bards have made
it our primary goal to travel to places before others. It is our duty
to see what hasn’t yet been seen and to make song of it when we return.
We carry news, song and spirit to all of Norrath. We have also taken it
upon ourselves to carry personal news in the form of letters wherever
possible. And that’s what I’ve called you here to talk about.

…

No, I am not assigning you the duty of establishing a mail route into
Grobb. We’ve lost far too many young bards trying to do that.
Recruitment of smart young lads and lasses is nearly impossible when
they all think that we plan to send them out to become bard fillet.
We’ve only been able to recruit youngsters that no other guild wanted
because they were so…

…

No, of course I don’t mean you.

Now stop interrupting.

I have a job for you. You know, don’t you, that Al’Kabor has once again
been clomping about using his powerful magics without much regard for
consequences, don’t you?

…

/em sighs.

Ok, your FIRST task is to read up on current events! ()

Your second task is to find out if the rumors about his recent
experiments are true. They say (and “they” are pretty reliable) that
things such as noble-looking Kerrans calling themselves the Vah Shir,
strange beasts of burden and new spells and songs have started showing
up on Antonica. They also say that this is all due to the experiments
of that Erudite Wizard Al’Kabor. You are to head out to one of the
great wizard spires and investigate. If you can, interview one of these
cat people and bring us back one of these horses they talk about…

…

Maybe you should talk to my assistant about things like directions out
of the city and where you can find some shoes more appropriate for
travel.”

All this you overhear as you wait outside for your turn to talk to the
loremasters of the League of Antonican Bards.

The door opens and you see a dejected and confused looking young bard
step out. Following him out the door you hear a bellow,

“I also expect you to let everyone know that we are NO LONGER trying to
establish mail routes to Grobb! Trolls can’t read very well anyway.”

Shadows of Luclin opens up new adventures and new challenges, as well
as new rewards for those with a spirit of adventure.

Are you up to the challenge?

*** Notes for Shadows of Luclin customers ***

IMPORTANT: do not lose your Shadows of Luclin CDs. Because of the
immense amount of data on the three Shadows of Luclin CDs, you will not
be able to just copy the executable file into a new directory and
download the rest of the expansion. We have placed restrictions on the
amount of data that customers can download from our patcher so that
massive patching as a replacement for reinstalling from the disk will
not impact our other customers. So if you have a hard drive problem or
you wish to install EverQuest on a new computer, you will need to have
your CD to do so.

TECH SUPPORT: Please visit our Tech Support Center at if you have any
problems with your Luclin installation.

/facepick – this new command will allow those of you with Shadows of
Luclin to change your characters face. It will only work for characters
using the new models. If you’ve turned off Gnomes and your character is
a Gnome, you will not be able to use this command on that character.
And it will, obviously, only work for those with Shadows of Luclin
installed.

/dismount – This command allows your character to dismount from a horse
if for some reason he has lost the ability to do so using the bridle.
There is no /mount command, only the bridle will allow you to mount a
horse.

*** Other Changes with this Patch ***

Along with our preparations for the introduction of Shadows of Luclin,
we have made a few other changes with this patch:

** Gameplay Changes **

- Increased the amount of mana given by high Intelligence and Wisdom
scores, as well as that granted by items and spells.

- Fixed a bug that was causing rogues to critical with every use of a
thrown weapon.

- Fixed a bug that caused the experience bar to displaying incorrectly
after leveling. This also seemed to cause a crash in certain cases when
in F10 view.

** PvP Changes **

- PVP looting will now display to the group.

- Empty corpses will no longer disappear when looted by an enemy
player, they will decay at the normal rate for empty corpses.

- Guards in ‘guard zones’, such as cities, will continue to protect
characters that they find the least offensive (the one with the highest
faction). But guards in outdoor zones will be less likely to join in a
fight. They will only come to the aid of people that they like.
Otherwise they will not get involved in PvP combat.

- Etched Peridot of Nature will be removed from all locations,
including those held by players on their characters or in their banks.
This item was not intended to be available until Shadows of Luclin went
live, and then only in Luclin zones.

** Spell Changes **

- Spells that heal less than 10 points of damage will not generate a
message to the player.

- Velious portal teeth (Great Divide, Wakening Lands and Cobalt Scar)
are no longer required to teleport to those locations. These items are
also no longer soul bound.

- Fixed a bug with the Bard Song of Occlusion

** New Commands **

- /stand now implemented. We’ve added this command because not everyone
speaks programmer and would think that the logical reverse of /sit
would be /sit off. :)

- /particledensity command – Switches particle density on the fly
without having to click it in the menus and exit the game.

** Some new things you’ll see **

- We now have the ability to flag an NPC as non-targetable. This in
effect renders the NPC non-attackable as well. Clicking on one of these
NPCs will cause your current target selection to clear. This
functionality is used primarily for the presentation of content. For
instance, if we want an NPC to spawn and tell you a story, he can tell
his story without being attacked mid-sentance by other players. It also
opens up some pretty interesting content avenues. As an example, we can
make NPCs unharmable until you do a quest “stripping them of their
power”.

- There are several new item classes (types) in the world. For example,
there are weapons that do enhanced damage versus certain races (e.g.
Perhaps you’ll find a +2 vs froglok sword, or a +4 vs Bear club. In
addition we can do the same type of thing with types of creatures (+3
vs humanoid, +1 vs Undaed). We’ve also added elemental modifiers (e.g.
a +4 Fire sword). The bonus value is calculated as and increased DMG
stat on the weapon, except that the elemental portion is run through
the resistance system before calculating the strength of your hit.
There are some items out there with bonuses to some more interesting
stats, but we’ll leave it to you to figure them out :)

- There’s a lot more out there. Be prepared to reevaluate your
assumptions and redefine the way you approach the world. Proposed
solutions to situations and quests that you might have previously
written off saying, “They can’t do that in EverQuest”, might be exactly
the way you need to approach the problem at hand. As fellow gamers, we
envy you as you approach Luclin and find everything fresh, new, and
waiting to be solved. And to those of you who aren’t first to solve the
quests or adventure in the new areas, we urge you to do so with your
friends, and leave the spoiler sites out of it. Good luck on your
journies.

** Note on New Features **

EverQuest: The Shadows of Luclin contains many new features which have
yet to stand up to the scrutiny of 400,000 experienced players. Without
doubt there will be some situations where we need to reevaluate the
gameplay-impact of some of those features and adjust them accordingly
to maintain game integrity. As an example, we think that they might
accelerate and decelerate too quickly, but will have to wait until we
see them used by a broad spectrum of players before we can make a final
determination. We thank you for your patience in these matters.

** Note on Impending Features **

As we approached our launch date we found that several features which
are planned are also not yet ready for prime-time. We’re currently
working on the following items, many of which will be implemented in
the very near future:

- Extra flora in outdoor zones. Sprigs of grass, small bushes, flowers,
etc.

- A robuste merchantile system in the bazaar that lets you flag
yourself as a merchant, set prices, and conduct business without having
to conduct business manually with each buyer and seller.

- We will be polishing up issues regarding tinted items in game. In
other words, things that shouldn’t tint with a tinted item (e.g. your
skin) won’t tint when the feature is complete.

- Light beards on high elves, dark elves, half elves, and dwarf females
will be tintable along with the hair color. We are going to leave in
the ability for you to change your appearance until after we’ve added
more customization options.

We thank you for your patience and patronage as we implement these
features. Good luck with your adventures on Luclin!

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 6, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

*Fixed Bugs*

- Fixed a bug that was preventing characters from being bald (those
that were allowed to).
- Halved the speed of the new Skeleton walk and run animations because
they were playing about twice as fast as they should have been.
- Fixed a bug that was causing all of the facial features (hair, beard,
etc…) to switch back to default in certain cases when you switched
from one face to another (faces with special eyes, like the faces with
eye patches and white eye).
- Fixed a crash bug with /follow.
- Found and Fixed the crash bug with soldungb and everfrost and other
places.
- Fixed transparency code with i810 display adapters
- Fixed a problem introduced into the sound engine that causes
framerate problems and sound stutter in some places.
- Fixed a crash bug that had to do with dying from your familiar
effect.
- Research the group buff bug and fixed it.
- Fixed a crash bug with root and gate.
- Various item and content fixes.

*Hot Items* (The items we’re considering top priority)

- Bard issues: We’re working to correct the problems bards have been
experiencing with their songs.
- K6 Processors: We’re working to fix, or provide a work-around for
problems AMD K6 users are experiencing when entering some zones.
- Armor layer tinting (e.g. tinting your armor without tinting your
skin)

We are reviewing the issues sent to us as they are sent in and will be
doing daily patches as necessary to get everything working to your and
our satisfaction as quickly as possible. Please remember that EverQuest
users need to have DirectX 8.1 and the appropriate drivers for their
video card. Visit our tech support center first if you are having
issues:

http://everquest.station.sony.com/support/luclin/index.jsp

Thank you,

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 7, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

*Fixes*

- Shaved 10 seconds of zoning for every subscriber.
- Made it so familiars don’t get agroed on.
- Fixed several zone crash bugs
- Changed a paladin spell – a design error in the spell trivialized
several aspects of the high-end game.
- Fixed several item and content problems.
- Fixed several faction issues – some faction information released with
Luclin deviated from norm.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 10, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

*Patch Changes*

- Fixed a problem that resulted in excessive swapping for people with
particles turned off.

- Fear spells should again be working correctly.

- AoE fear spells will no longer work versus players on PvP Servers.

- Fixed a crash caused by a familiar dying.

- Fixed a bug with the “Alternate Advancement” system. An artifact from
the removal of the class-based experience penalty several months ago
resulted in hybrids gaining AAXP much faster than they should, and
warriors and rogues gaining it slower. AA-point cost was designed to be
the same regardless of class.

- Increased the experience cost per AA-point overall after analysis of
point accruals accross the game.

- Corrected several zone-crashes. Also implemented a workaround to
prevent the Hollowshade crash while we investigate the problem further.

- Fixed several miscellaneous bugs that were causing crashes or had the
potential to cause crashes on varied systems.

- Fixed a bug that caused some people to crash when reentering the game
after exiting.

- Addressed a good number of content-related issues (quest problems,
bad items, etc).

*Luclin Install*

- We found that the default install directory for Luclin may be wrong
for some people, specifically those who have copied their EverQuest
files into a directory different from their initial installation.

- Also, we’ve received a number of calls from Luclin subscribers who’ve
tried logging in to their character on a friends computer that does not
have an install of Luclin on it. This will not work as the files
necessary for you to view Luclin content are not present unless Luclin
has been installed.

- We’ve added code to point out both of these cases in the future.

*Continued Plans*

- As we wrap up the technology-related issues over the course of this
week, making sure that everyone who wants to play EverQuest can play
EverQuest, the programming team will shift their focus to aesthetic
issues such as animation speed/timing, armor tinting, face-picker
operation, etc. We do indeed plan on getting to all of these issues in
the very short term.

- The content-team, however, is hard at work on content-related issues
right now, and stands ready to address any broken quests, items,
encounter-imbalances, etc., that you may run across in your adventures.
Please feel free to visit our forums off of www.everquestlive.com and
submit a comment through the Developer’s Corner.

Thank you for your patronage,

-The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 11, 2001 12:00 am
——————————

*Patch Changes*

- Fixed a memory leak that was causing excessive swapping when moving
between outdoor Luclin zones.
- Implemented some changes to zoning that should improve times,
especially for modem users.
- Fixed several potential crash bugs.
- You can now only have 100 unused points in your alternate advancement
pool.
- Fixed the bug that prevented non-Luclin subscribers from seeing the
Vah Shir model.
- Addressed many content-related problems. We appreciate the reports
we’ve received.
- Continued optimizations of the 3D engine.

The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 12, 2001 12:00 am
——————————

* Patch Changes *

- Several changes to hair functionality: Expanded beard color choices
for Erudite males, pushed back the camera a bit for human males when
making hair selections (so they can see themselves) and fixed it so
that the camera will no longer rotate around Erudites while in hair
selection mode of character creation. Also fixed a bug with the left
selection arrow sometimes not changing hair color.
- Fixed the “Entering Luclin” message bug. This was only an errant text
message, it was not causing any crashes or keeping anyone out of the
game.
- Fixed a bug where Vah Shir with an intelligence over a certain amount
could not be created.
- Fixed a bug with faction-affecting items: They were giving a bonus to
all factions instead of just the intended faction
- Fixed a problem with arrows and quivers that would result in the
person being logged out.
- Adjusted the cost of Combine Platemail to be inline with its stats
and other armor available within game.
- Made several gameplay changes to The Grey. A single group having the
ability to simultaneously engage and prevail against 35+ experience-
giving creatures is not in line with the desire for risk vs. reward and
the promotion of balanced groups.
- Removed some bad NPCs in Chardok.
- Tuned encounters in The Fungus Grove, Maiden’s Eye, and Dawnshroud
Peaks.
- Clarified some quest dialog in Sanctus Seru.
- Tuned The Deep, also improved the variety of drops.
- Improved pathing in The Temple of Ssraeshza
- Improved pathing in Sanctus Seru
- Improved pathing in Echo Caverns
- Added some newbie beastlord quests in the old world.
- Removed the “Lore” tag from the “Darkened Knight’s Bracer”

The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 13, 2001 12:00 am
——————————

** Texture Cache **

In an effort to improve loading and zoning times, we’ve added the
ability to cache textures to your hard drive. One of the things that
your computer is doing when you load up the game or change zones is
building textures and putting them into RAM on your computer. Each time
you log in or zone the game has to create the textures you need and put
them into RAM for use during gameplay.

This, obviously, takes a little time.

We have added an option that allows you to save that information to
your hard drive rather than creating it each time you log in or zone.

This does have a few drawbacks. It will require a lot of hard drive
space to store these textures. In the most extreme case it could use up
as much as 1.5 GB of hard drive space, though this would be the
extreme. It could, however, easily use 500 MB of space on your hard
drive. And because writing all this data to your hard drive takes a
little time, the first time you use this feature it will take a bit
longer to log in.

The game will never allow you to fall below 500 MB of space on your
hard drive when creating the texture cache. This is to prevent any
problems with a shortage of space on your hard drive. But it also means
that you will need to have plenty of hard drive space free to use this
option; 500 MB plus the amount needed for the texture cache.

Also, if you change any of your setting for graphics {like changing the
texture quality) it will have to rewrite these files, meaning that your
first log in after making such a change will take longer than usual as
it writes these files to your hard drive.

The benefits is that once you have allocated the hard drive space and
logged in to create the needed files, the game can then read that
information directly into RAM from your hard drive rather than creating
them each time you log in or zone.

What this feature does not allow you to do is to increase the settings
above those that are recommended. If the game suggests that you only
use ten models, turning on the Texture Cache will not make it a good
idea to turn on more models. This feature will not change that. Those
recommendations are based on the amount of RAM you have available and
your video card. The hard drive cache does not effectively add RAM to
your machine, it just allows the game to save time creating the
textures that your existing RAM and video card use.

There are two ways to activate this feature. You can check the ‘Texture
Cache’ box in the Options screen, or you can turn it on from within the
eqclient.ini file. To activate it, add the following line to the
eqclient.ini file:

TextureCache=TRUE

This could improve load times dramatically depending on your settings.
The more models and graphics features you have turned on, the greater
the potential decrease in loading times you will see using the Texture
Cache.

Remember: This will require a lot of hard drive space, so be certain
that you have a lot of free hard drive space if you turn this option
on. The more stuff you enable (models, texture quality, etc.) the more
space you will need.

We expect this to be of greatest benefit to folks with 256 megs of RAM
and a lot of hard drive space. The more RAM your system has, the less
benefit you should expect to see by using the texture cache.

* Patch Changes *

- Fixed a pathing problem in the waters of Acrylia Caverns
- More fixes for face and hair issues: Most notably a bug with Erudite
male hair color arrows changing the hair style instead of the color.
- Fixed a problem that was causing the % to crash some people when
using in tells.
- Addressed several potential crash bugs.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 14, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

- Removing or killing your familiar will no longer have the possibility
of killing you directly. It can, however, take you down to very few hit
points…
- Skyshrine key is soulbound once again
- Custom Velious helms should now be visible
- Plate helmets should now be visible on Vah Shir
- Female humans should no longer see the inside of their heads when
firing a bow
- Using the ESC key to exit the /facepick menu should no longer lock
the right mouse button
- Fixed an issue with several transparencies, including Vox and Nagafen
spots, Kael giants helms, halfling helm and old dark elf model hair
- The Kneel and Grovel emotes are no longer switched
- The BACK and NEXT buttons on the last page of the keyboard options
now work properly.
- The ‘ALT’ pop-up for spells memorized will no longer show up if the
memorized spells window is not open
- Removed the mipmap setting from in-game Options–>Display menu. The
mipmap setting found at the options menu before log in is now the valid
way to change mipmapping settings
- Improved the pathing in Echo Caverns
- Staff of Living Sand and Skull-Shaped Sacrificial Hammer should no
longer say that they are out of charges.
- The Ruthless Bracer is now a wrist item, not a shoulder item

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 18, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

** Patch Changes **

- Added tools to help us track serverside zone issues that have come up
since the release of Luclin in an effort to solve some continuing
problems.
- Orb of Lost Souls will now have a casting time.
- Geomantic Focus has had its effect changed.
- Fixed a problem that prevented Barbarian custom Velium helms from
being visible to other PCs.
- Corrected a problem with horse acceleration and deceleration in
extremely low framerate situations. Acceleration and deceleration now
seem the same at high and low framerates.
- Fonts should display correctly, regardless of desktop settings.
- Hoober and his pet have returned. Yes, we used the singular… only
one pet.
- The wind instruments “ivory horn” and “ivory flawless horn” can now
be equipped.
- Added Beastlord Guildmasters to Firiona Vie and The Overthere
- Added several merchants to Freeport (North and East) to round out the
availability of trade supplies there.

** Note about upcoming changes to the Temple of Veeshan **

In the next patch, we are making a few changes to the monster
population in Temple of Veeshan. Places that were previously safe to
camp, may not be any longer. Please be sure to not camp deep within the
Temple of Veeshan on Wednesday night, or you may be unpleasantly
surprised following the patch.

** NOTICE TO CONSUMERS — WINDOWS 95 EVERQUEST PLAYERS **

We very much regret that the dramatic upgrades to EverQuest on December
4, 2001 has made EverQuest and all expansions incompatible with Windows
95.

If you are running under the Windows 95 operating system and,
therefore, can no longer play EverQuest, and your account was in good
standing as of December 3, 2001, you may be entitled to receive a
refund of the purchase price for the EverQuest product(s) you recently
bought and any subscription money paid for the period December 4, 2001
onward.

In order to obtain a refund, you may do any of the following:

(1) Call (858) 537-0898 M-F, 8:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. PST (this is NOT a
toll free call)
or
(2) Send an email to refunds@soe.sony.com
or
(3) Send a written request for a refund to:

EQ Refunds
8928 Terman Court
San Diego, CA 92121

Please include in your email or written request your name, address,
telephone number, email address and station name (but NOT your
password).

You will be asked for information verifying your request and, upon the
issuance of a refund, your account and characters will be permanently
removed from EverQuest. Please allow four to six weeks for processing.

- The EverQuest team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 20, 2001 3:00 am
——————————

* Bug Fixes *

- Fixed a bug with sleeves not showing properly when wearing robes

* Item Changes *

- Aqualung charges should now work properly

* Trade Skill Changes *

- Regular, medium quality, high quality, mithril, brellium and
adamantite rings, as well as their enchanted versions are now
stackable.
- Added a few trade skill vendors to Ak’Anon
- Added ore, clay, pottery sketch, baking, and brewing vendors to
Felwithe to round out the tradeskill supplies available in Felwithe and
Kelethin.
- Crafted fishing flies, special fishing poles and special baits now
add a fishing skill bonus.
- Made all Bait and flies equipable in the Ammo slot.
- Added clay, ore and brewing supply vendors to Halas.
- Added several trade skill vendors to Oggok.

* Localization Information *

Localization on the EverQuest login/chat server has been fixed so that
users can once again select French and German. Japanese and Korean have
also been added.

To obtain the text files which enable a language, go to the Advanced
Options screen in the patcher and click on the appropriate language box
before clicking on “Download”.

* Soulbinders *

A new group has appeared in Norrath (and on Luclin as well). Rumor has
it that these ‘Soulbinders’ have dedicated themselves to research on
the power and essence of our inner being. Some call them fanatics, as
they claim that knowledge of the spirit that dwells within will lead
them to an understanding of the whole of existence. Citizens often
treat them with the same respect and distance that they treat the
Priests of Discord. However, these Soulbinders have dedicated
themselves to public service, and for them that service falls along
their lines of specialty…

The next time you find yourself far away from home, you might seek the
services of a Soulbinder.

/ooc: We’ve added these “Soulbinder” NPCs to all cities that player
characters can start in, as well as Firiona Vie, The Overthere,
Shadowhaven and Iceclad at the request of players. It is our hope that
these new NPCs will help players by reducing the time it takes to find
a bind from another player character.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 28, 2001
——————————

- Some spots in ToV no longer safe to camp out due to New Drakes and
Wurm spawns being added.
- A bug allowing multiple pets to be summoned has been fixed.

……………………………………………………………



……………………………………………………………

——————————
January 8, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

** Items **

- All beastlord-usable items are now useable by their requisite races
- Regular, medium quality, high quality, mithril, brellium and
adamantite rings, as well as their enchanted versions are now
stackable. (this time we mean it)
- Made Rune Encrusted Short Sword rentable (was No Rent, should not
have been)
- Fixed Shadowscream and all related recipes so that they return the
correct mallet
- Reduced the price of the Fuligan Soulstone of Innoruuk and Cloudy
Stone of Veeshan
- Reduced the price of the first two keys for the Plane of Air
- Coterie Mask of the Dead has been retroactively changed to have 5
charges as originally intended
- Gauntlets of the Blood Fiend – Warrior has been removed from the
wearable classes
- Shiny Trinket of Speed – An appropriate level of haste has been added
to this item

** Interface **

- Added /tgb as a short version of /targetgroupbuff

- /shownames now works with the following parameters:
no parameter = display the current setting.
off = don’t show player names over their heads
1 = show only first names of players
2 = show First and Last Name
3 = show First, Last, and Guild (if any)
4 = show Title (if any), First, Last, and Guild (if any)

Also, the LFG, AFK and LD tags will always show if names are not off.
There will no longer be brackets around them, and LFG will now appear
at the end of the name with the AFK and LD tags (instead of being a *
at the beginning)

- A player character will always have a name over its head, even if
they are skeletons (unless /shownames is off), with the exception of
some rare cases when players are turned into certain NPCs
- Added /ttell. This will send a tell to the player character that is
currently your target. The command will also allow corpses as a valid
target. /ttell’ing a player’s corpse will auto-tell that player (this
was actually patched earlier along with an emergency patch)
- Added IRC style ‘/me’ as a synonym for /emote (this was actually
patched earlier along with an emergency patch)
- Added ‘/send’ as a synonym for /tell (this was actually patched
earlier along with an emergency patch)

** Spells **

- Necromancer Group spells should now be working, they were only
affecting the caster. This includes spells such as: Degeneration,
Succession of Shadows, Crippling Claudication, and Zavfeer’s Theft of
Vitae. These spells have also had their duration increased. Mind Wrack
will be fixed soon.
- Shadowknight “Torrent” spells have also been fixed and have had their
duration increased as well
- Flowing Thought effects will now stack
- Meditating on a horse occurs only while not in combat
- Mark of Retribution should work as intended
- The Decession spell now requires you to be in the same group
- Levitation can no longer be used in The Deep
- Fixed a problem that was still allowing people to Cast Eye of Zomm in
Ssra Temple
- Fixed a problem that was still allowing people to cast Call of the
Hero in Ssra Temple
- NPCs that cannot be stunned will once again take damage from damaging
stun spells (this was actually patched earlier along with an emergency
patch)
- Critical heals and nukes now display damage numbers (this was
actually patched earlier along with an emergency patch)

** Zones **

- Characters will no longer take falling damage when in the Bazaar
- Characters can now bind in the Nexus

** Alternate Advancement **

- Made it so the percentages of Spell Casting Fury Mastery scale a bit
more
- Fixed Soul Abrasion to work with a few spells that it didn’t work
with before
- Dire Charm *should* no longer break (this was actually patched
earlier along with an emergency patch)
- Mental Clarity and Body/Mind Rejuvenation now give mana regeneration
both when standing and medding, as intended

** Miscellaneous **

- Added a few new socials: /nudge, /pat, /flex, /fidget, /purr and
/smack
- Changed the automatic targeting code so that it won’t automatically
target someone that cast a beneficial spell on you
- Adjusted the timing of the Luclin Spire activations to more closely
match the announcements by the Scions. This has the net effect of
reducing the time between portal activations

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
January 17, 2002
——————————

** Patch Update **

Today we are sending you a couple of new DLL files that should do the
following:

- May improve performance in indoor Luclin zones

- Should improve zoning time in many cases, especially in zones with
many objects/trees. May also reduce the “hitch” when other players zone
in, though it probably won’t remove it completely

- May reduce the cases where some players experience a performance
reduction after being in a zone for a while

- Fixed a bug that was causing some portions of spell effects and the
“bolts” in bolts spells to not show up.

- Generally improve stability.

How these changes affect individuals will vary, but we hope that this
will improve game performance a bit over all.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
January 23, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

*** Patch Information ***

** Quests **

- Ragefire portion of the Cleric Epic quest has been changed. Please
see the Developer’s Corner on our web site for more details
- Added Quest NPCs to Thurgadin, Kael and Skyshrine for Beastlord quest
armor
- Gravel leaf tea will now fit in the combine container for the
associated quest
- Grimling Blood should now be dropping
- Idia in the bard guild in Kelethin was telling you to turn in a quest
item to the incorrect NPC. Changed quest text to reflect the correct
NPC to hand the item to
- In Iceclad, Keref Spiritspear won’t be so unreasonable when you
complete the task that he asks of you
- Citizens in skyshrine no longer defend the ‘vermin’ spiders
- Increased the drop rate of the Staff of Elemental Mastery: Earth
- Bloody Shak Dratha Hearts should now be dropping
- Quest of Nobility should now be working properly
- Increased the spawn rate of Brother Qwinn tenfold

** Items **

- Adjusted statistics on equipment that was dropping in the Umbral
Plains. Many of the items had AC that was inconsistent with the armor
types of the classes. The AC has been reduced on some pieces and raised
on others. In all instances where the AC was dropped a different
statistic was raised. Several items received a significant upgrade
while others were downgraded
- Also in regards to Umbral Plains armor, Ranger has been removed from
the plate class armor that was dropping and have been added to the
usable classes on the chain equivalent. Bards have been added to the
plate equipment list. This might mean that some Rangers will have armor
that they can’t use. Our Customer Service personnel will trade out that
armor for the chain equivalent
- Ghoulbane is now No-Drop
- SoulFire charges can only be used by Paladins (though they can be
used from inventory)
- Raised the armor value on many Beastlord specific armor pieces
- Added effects to a few of the Wild Lord’s armor pieces
- Added Vah Shir to Imbrued Plate Mail useable races
- Rhino Hide armor is now Druid and Monk usable
- The Crustacean Shell Shield is now magic
- Scroll of Knowledge can now be equipped in the primary, secondary,
and range slots
- Scroll of Enlightenment can now be equipped in the primary,
secondary, and range slots
- Thought Horror Fangs can now be thrown
- Iron Scroll of War must now be worn to activate
- Cloak of Thorns right click effect should work now
- Runed Bone Fork is now equippable primary, secondary and ranged. The
“range” value has been removed to prevent people from accidentally
throwing them
- Spider Fur Collar has been given weight 0.0 to be consistent with
other pieces
- Dark Cloak of the Sky must now be worn to activate
- Sage’s Crown is now No-Drop to match every other Velious quest armor
- Icicle Circlet is now No-Drop to match every other Velious quest
armor
- Bone Collar of the Possessed should no longer cause players to crash
when inventory is opened
- Idol of Rallos Zek can now be used by ShadowKnights
- Helm of Grim Blessings can now be used by Wood Elves
- Flayed Skin Bracer is no longer a Lore item
- Greaves of Avoidance can now be used by all races
- Steel Threaded Wrist Wraps are no longer lore
- Bravado’s Breastplate now grants a larger Hit Point bonus
- Guise of the Hunter can now also be worn by human bards and rogues
- Primal Cudgel now has the proper effect
- Added “Recommended Level” equal to the current item use level for the
several items. All of these items require the player to be level 51+ to
equip them and/or use their effects. Setting the “Recommended Level”
field like this just lets the player know what level they need to be to
use the item. The actual utility of the item was not affected in any
way, this change is purely informational
- Several items have been changed to be not useable by Iksar. They had
been erroneously set as Iksar useable in the last item patch. These
were primarily items that were usable by Beastlords (and were therefore
changed to allow all Beastlord races to use them), but that had been
specifically restricted from use by Iksar due to their inherent armor
value

** Zones **

- Shades in Umbral, Maiden’s Eye and Vex Thall are now considered
undead
- Placed portals to and from Great Divide and Nexus
- Added many new items to better round out the rewards for high-level
Luclin encounters

** Horses **

- Implemented horse trade in quests. There are now four stable hands
who will buy back specific colored bridles located in the stables in
the Bazaar
- Being stunned will now stop players on horses. Not stopping them when
stunned was causing warping and other bad things
- Knockback spells, and spells that throw you into the air, now affect
people on horses properly
- Horses now levitate when their rider should.
- Fixed a bug that was causing the client to crash when attempting to
follow someone while on a horse. /follow should also now work when the
person you are following is on a horse

** Spells **

- Wizard Familiar spell scrolls will now increase in purchase cost with
the spell level
- Several spells will no longer be interrupted, spells such as the
‘proc’ generated by Instrument of Nife
- Several spells that were not functioning in the planes have been
fixed and now work in the planes
- Bards should now gain singing skill when singing and should no longer
gain skill in an instrument when they are not using one.
- Characters are no longer damaged by damage shields when using
throwing weapons
- Atol’s Spectral Shackles has had its casting difficulty reduced
- Made some changes to Nature’s Recovery to make it more stackable

** Visual Issues **

- Wolves and warders should no longer appear to be very small
- Characters no longer lose their hair or beard when their illusions
wear off
- Weapons should now appear properly (sometimes they wouldn’t show up
at all) when a player zoned in
- Characters in wolf or bear form (or other races that aren’t player
races) should no longer have parts of them tinted based on the armor
the player was wearing
- Bear form should now look correct to people that zoned in after the
spell was cast on them
- May have fixed the problem with extra mouse cursor showing in game
- Fixed a problem with NPCs, PCs and some objects not being visible in
some zones (Wakening Lands, Plane of Growth, Emerald Jungle and Swamp
of No Hope)

** Performance Issues **

- More work on reducing zone times for Luclin city zones
- “Hitch” created when player characters enter a zone should be gone
now
- Fixed a bug that could cause the client to crash in some cases where
a character tried to purchase an item from a vendor but didn’t have
enough money
- Characters with pets that zone (horses, familiars and warders) should
now be able to zone from North Qeynos to Qeynos Hills

** New Features **

- Holding shift while clicking the resolution in the options in game
will reduce the resolution. If you are already in 640×480 though, this
does nothing. Normal click increases the resolution as it always has
and still wraps back to 640 after the highest resolution your machine
supports.
- Using 1280×1024 and 1600×1200 resolutions, the /wincolor command, and
getting the inventory window in fullview mode are now available to all
EverQuest players (these features were restricted only to Velious
owners)

** PvP **

- It is no longer possible to bandage others of the opposing deity team
on Sullon Zek

** Alternate Advancement Abilities **

- Lowered the reuse time on Rampage AA ability from 15 minutes to 10
minutes
- Rampage is now fixed. Previously was only hitting one target
- Mass Group Buff button should work properly when zoning
- Casting Reinforcement should now work on all buffs cast, not just
those cast on yourself
- The Discipline Duelist should now be doing the correct damage when
using Chaotic Stab
- LifeBurn should now reset properly after being interrupted
- Dire Charm should now reset properly after being interrupted
- Fixed the Quick Buff ability to work as described
- Leech Touch should refresh properly now
- Exodus and Nexus Gate now have a casting time of 1/10th of a second

*** Do you want to join us? ***

So you got your Epic weapon… and now spend your free time holding
weekly sight seeing tours to the Temple Veeshan, along with nightly
Luclin lunar dinners. If on top of all this you know the name of more
Dragons than relatives, we would like to invite you to apply to join
our San Diego EverQuest QA Team! For more info please go to our Job
Employment site ( http://www.station.sony.com ) to read up on all the
juicy details. If you’re interested please submit a resume, including
your EQ playtime and information on characters owned.

- The EverQuest Quality Assurance Team

*** Fan Faire News ***

* Congratulations to Union of Power! *

The guild Union of Power has the most pre-registered players attending
the Fan Faire! This means that they will be given a two hour slot from
5-7:00 p.m. on Saturday in the Intel Arm Yourself for Adventure Game
Room! Everyone else will be limited to an hour of play time.

* Walk-ins *

Registration is closed, but we will be accepting walk-ins at the Dallas
Fan Faire! However, there is a limited number of spaces left!
Registration will be at 6:00 p.m. The cost for walk-in registration is
$95 to be paid at the door.

Cindy Archuleta
Community Relations Manager
Sony Online Entertainment

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 1, 2002
——————————

On Monday the 5th we’ll be making a change to the way our Live and Test
patching works.

A little while ago we combined our Test patcher with our Live patcher.
The intent was to remove the confusion that having two patchers can
cause and to encourage more people to play on Test.

Well, we’re going back to the old way. We are going to split the Test
patcher and the Live patcher back into two separate programs.

This means that in order to access the Test Server you will need to run
TestEverQuest.exe, which you will find in your EverQuest directory. To
play on the Live Servers just start EverQuest as you always have.

There are a few advantages to separating the two patchers. Splitting
them up makes it a little easier, as a player, to be sure that you are
headed to the right server when you double click the icon. It’s also a
little more intuitive for those that want to run the game in two
directories.

Using two directories for EverQuest does use up a lot of hard drive
space. However, for those with enough space that play regularly on both
Test and on Live servers, this is a safer and faster way to work. Using
the same directory means that each time you change servers (Live to
Test or Test to Live) you will have to patch. The data on the Test
Server is very rarely the same as that on Live servers.

And for us internally it makes it easier to test new patchers. It gives
us one more step for testing. Now we can push a patcher to the Test
Server and try it out there after internal testing and before it goes
to the Live servers.

In any case, we’ve decided to move back to the old way. Starting on
Monday, February 5th, 2002 you will need to run TestEverQuest.exe to
patch and play on the Test server, and Everquest.exe to patch and play
on the Live servers.

* Patch Message Addendum *

The command line argument “/test” should no longer be used to play on
the Test Server. Anyone using this should remove this argument from
their shortcut. Please manually select “TestServer” from the Advanced
Options window to use the Test Server. On Monday, February 05,
TestEverQuest.exe will once again be used to patch and play on the Test
Server.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 13, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

** General **

- Improved sound for many users. Should eliminate a lot of the
“choppy” sound issues
- Fixed one of the link-death-while-zoning bugs
- Characters who disconnect while zoning shouldn’t be ‘stuck’ for an
inordinate amount of time
- Renamed all will-o-wisps and will o’ wisps to Fred.
- Reconsidered and changed Fred to willowisp.
- Pets no longer pace. Pets will now, when close to you, STOP.
- Many higher level NPCs now have a random delay before they initially
spawn. This means that they will appear at a more random time interval
after servers or zones are brought up. This is designed to provide a
fairer distribution of these NPCs across all time zones
- If you right click to auto-inventory an item that you are looting and
it will not fit into your inventory, the item will simply appear on
your cursor as if you had left clicked on it

** Gameplay Related **

- NPC and PC corpses can now be /considered to find out how long until
they decay, and PC corpses additionally tell you how long you have to
resurrect them
- The timer for corpses is now seven days for any corpse over level
five, whether the player is on-line or off-line or any combination of
the two
- Characters below level eight will no longer see light blue cons
- Spires will no longer try to teleport you to Luclin if you do not own
the expansion, and therefore will no longer move you to the ‘safe
point’ in the zone when it can’t take you to the Nexus
- Pets can now be targeted by typing their full name after the /target
command (or at least enough of it to distinguish it from the owner)
- Knockback now works correctly when on a horse
- Summoning a horse in Plane of Sky will no longer allow you to
levitate
- Gating when in the same zone that you are bound no longer causes
problems
- Horses will no longer disappear when a character is moved to the
‘safe point’

** Trade Skill Related **

- Added several trade skill items to Grobb; including a brewing supply
vendor, a brew barrel, a baking vendor, a standard forge, a pottery
cooking mold vendor, a kiln, a pottery wheel, and a sketch vendor.
- Added water flasks to two merchants in the Bazaar
- Added high quality ore vendors to Bazaar, Kaladim, and Qeynos that
sell a limited supply of HQ Ore
- Fixed an inconsistency with the armor class of Enchanted Imbued
Dwarven Plate compared to the armor class of other Dwarven-smithed
plate armor
- Batwing Pie, Bug Bites and Deadly Medley now exist
- Repaired the recipe for Superior Gnomish Spirits\Gnomish Cleaning
Substance
- Increased the drop rates of cultural armor temper components
- Added hilt mold vendors to more cities

** Quest Related **

- Made adjustments to the Whistling Fists quest
- Reduced the spawn time of the Zordak Ragefire in SoldungB. He will
now reappear every 24 hours
- Repaired some problems with the Luclin Owlbear Dart and Vah Shir
Runed Totem quests

** Spell Related **

- Eye of Zomm and Eye of Tallon are now non-KoS in a fashion similar to
familiars
- Koadic’s Endless Intellect stacking has been fixed. If a player has
Koadic’s Endless Intellect on them and anyone casts Breeze, Clarity,
Clarity 2, Boon of the Clear Mind, Gathering of the Mind, or Gift of
Pure Thought on them, it will fail and the Koadic’s will remain.
- Mind Wrack gives mana instead of taking mana away
- Charm is immediately removed from charmed NPC’s when the character
that charmed them casts invisibility
- Made some small improvements to Marzin’s Mark
- Corrected some stacking issues with Nature’s Recovery
- Blast of Frost scroll has been made available for Beastlords
- Self-only level 51+ spells will no longer fail to cast if the caster
has a lower level character targeted.
- Egress should once again force a ‘zone’ to clear aggro
- The damage component of Elnerick’s Entombment of Ice no longer causes
the spell to have a chance at breaking its root component
- Snakes in Lavastorm and Paineel are now animals
- Hammerheads are now animals
- Treants in the Plane of Growth are now plants
- Timorous Deep gators, fish, and raptors are now animals
- Rock Hoppers in Hollowshade Moor, Shar Vahl and Shadeweavers are now
animals
- Paludal and Fungusgrove Wetfang Minnows are now animals
- Underbulks and Shik`Nar in Fungusgrove are now insects
- Rhino Beetles in Shadeweavers Thicket and Hollowshade Moor are now
insects
- Shrooms in Fungusgrove are now plants
- Lightcrawlers in Mons Seru are now insects

** Zone Related **

- Fixed some of the pathing issues in Maiden’s Eye
- Dawnshroud Rockhoppers are now giving the proper faction hits
- Fixed a pathing bug in Paludal Caverns that prevented NPCs from
pursuing characters up cavern walls
- Fixed a bug with the clipping plane in outdoor Luclin zones
- The Oggok guards will be less friendly to Marsh Bears
- Fixed some bugs in the Umbral Planes that were causing NPCs to get
stuck
- Added content in the Umbral Planes to make it more… entertaining

** Alternate Advancement Related **

- Act of Valor should now work properly
- Re-implemented the Improved Familiar ability. It will now summon an
improved familiar that is better then the greater familiar and is very
resistant to all spells. It is not immune to spells though, just
extremely resistant.
- Warcry should now work properly
- Life Burn now considers hit points from items and should no longer be
interrupted
- Area Taunt should be no longer affect creatures on heights or floors
above and below the warrior

** Discipline Related **

- Added the following /disciplines for Beastlords:
Level 51: The Discipline of Resistant
Level 54: The Discipline of Fearless
Level 55: The Discipline of Protective Spirit
Level 60: The Discipline of Bestial Rage

** Item Related **

- Expendable items no longer use mana when ‘casting’ a spell
- Extra damage from either elemental or bane damage should now work for
special attacks like backstab
- Shield of Auras can now be used by Necromancers
- All pieces of Black Pantherskin Armor are now Beastlord useable
- Steelsilk Helm should now be visible when using the new models
- Windspeeder’s haste is now a permanent effect
- Shield of Mental Fortitude is now actually a shield and also has a
different graphic
- Drape of the Deep Thinker now has a robe texture when equipped
- Orb of Lost Souls can no longer be “Held”
- Dark Cloak of the Sky from ‘worn to activate’ to ‘Race/Class to
activate’. The previous change that made it ‘worn to activate’ was an
error.
- Items that add bonuses to the Lock Pick skill should function
properly now

** Firiona Vie **

- The Trivial Loot Code present on the Roleplaying server will no
longer affect items that are marked solely with the No-Drop flag. No-
Drop items that are also Magic or Lore will continue to behave as they
did prior to this patch.

- The EverQuest Team

** Tales **

Grand Master Glox sat silently staring into the black waters of the
Cabilis aqueducts, his thoughts tracing and retracing the recent
visions that had upset his nights. The Lord Cazic was trying to tell
him something, but he could not yet decipher what it was. The hand on
his shoulder startled him and he turned quickly, striking the intruder
with a quick blow to the chest. The figure crumpled to the cold ground.

Glox stood over him with a look of horror, it was one of his own pupils
he had struck. He lay bloodied and bruised at Glox’s feet breathing
heavily with much effort, he was obviously dying. The pupil reached up
toward Glox with something in his hand. Glox took the items from his
hand and peered at them intently. There were two items, one was a
glistening serpentine scale, the other an ancient stone symbol. Glox
recognized the symbol almost immediately with horror. It was the symbol
of the Soriz, the ancient Iksar tribe that had been the slaves of the
Shissar empire. Glox looked down at his pupil again. “Where did you get
this?” The dying Iksar used his last ounce of energy to point up toward
the night sky and the moon of Luclin. “sSs… Ssraeshza… has…
returned…”

** A Call to Arms! **

Have you long dreamed of aiding your fellow adventurer? Do you enjoy
travelling the world and meeting new and interesting people? Are you
over the age of 18 with an EverQuest account in good standing and some
free time? If so, then the EverQuest Guide Program may be for you! If
you feel compelled to join our ranks, point your web browser to
https://guide.everquest.com/guideapp/ and fill out an application!

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 17, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

- Increased the drop rate on some 55-60th level Kunark spells that were
overly rare.
- Added water and high quality ore to vendors in the Bazaar, as
promised in the Feb 13 patch.
- Fixed a spawn problem in north Temple of Veeshan.
- Fixed a few minor issues with the Whistling Fists quest.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 25, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

- Fixed a problem with the Gnome sitting animation

- Fixed a bug that was causing some people to crash when repeatedly
right-clicking spell gems

- Made adjustments for Quellious monks attempting to do Iksar Shackle
quests

- Fixed a bug in the way that Alternate Experience was being
distributed. Extra experience was being generated for an ungrouped
character with all experience going to the Alternate Experience pool.
Too little experience was going into the Alternate Experience pool for
people grouped that were applying less than 100% of their experience to
the Alternate Experience pool.

- Fixed stacking issues with Circle of Seasons and Talisman of
Epuration

- Wild Lord’s armor effects are now level restricted

- Fixed a bug with necromancer pets that was preventing them from
gaining the healing benefit of lifetaps. It turns out that this was
affecting all NPCs. It should now be working properly for both pets and
NPCs.

*** Fan Faire Registration is Open ***

Registration has opened for the Seattle Fan Faire! We will be at the
Doubletree Seattle Airport Hotel on April 19-20. Register early and
join us for a great time! Visit
http://everquest.station.sony.com/fanfaire/en/index.jsp for
registration and all of the details!

……………………………………………………………

——————————
March 7, 2002
——————————

** Patch Information ***

- Fixed a problem with Alternate Advancement ability Combat Fury that
was causing rangers using archery and rogues using throwing to have a
lesser chance to critical than normal. This did not affect warriors

- We think we’ve fixed many of the issues that were causing 1018
errors. At the very worst players should be able to log back in faster
now

- Fixed a problem that was causing quests to give no Alternate
Experience to a character when that character had all experience going
into their Alternate Experience pool

- Fixed a bug that was causing Claw of the Savage Spirit, Earthen Band
and Breastplate of Day to show a negative statistic modifier

- Fixed an issue with some ATI-based video cards that was causing the
inventory screen to flash

- All Levitation spells will now be stripped when entering a no-
levitation zone. There was a bug that caused the game to only strip the
first Levitation spell found

- Earrings of Endless Speed are now no-drop

- Fixed a bug that was displaying erroneous and duplicate faction
messages

- Also added some Tradeskill recipes for items dropping in Akheva and
Maidens eye

- Tradeskills (including Alchemy and poison) now take %skill modifying
items and buffs into consideration

- Scallywag’s Arm Plates (Legends Only) are now wearable in the arms
slot (was errantly flagged for the chest slot)

- All soft wicker pieces are now wearable by Beastlords

** A Tale **

Prime Heirophant Vek leaned over and looked into the jeweled case
silently. The young mystic behind him nervously fingered the cudgel
hanging from his belt. He knew what was coming. The hold of the
faceless had firmly taken hold of his heart and was beginning to
squeeze.

Vek turned to him quietly and simply said, “Find them.” He then walked
silently out of the room.

Hierophant Zand turned to the young Mystic, “Do as he has asked. Do not
return until you have the skulls of the ancients in your possession.”
The young Mystic stumbled as he ran out of the room, visibly shaking.

Zand looked down into the empty skull case. Something glittered softly
in the corner of the case. Zand reached in and picked up a small
earring, emblazoned with the symbol of the Kunzar.

Zand walked quietly out of the room, and somewhere the soul of a dead
emperor laughed with unholy malice.

** Another Tale **

Halor slashed frantically at the creature before him. He swung down
hard, cleaving the great worm in two. Unfortunately there were many
more were that came from. Bauric climbed over a rock and stood next to
Halor, fighting off another of the worms.

Halor suddenly felt a sharp pain in his right heel and spun violently
around, causing his journals to fly out of his pack and onto the hard
stone floor. He swung at the worm larva with his sword knocking it
away, but too late. The worm had wounded him badly, he could no longer
hold himself up on the wounded ankle and he fell to the floor with a
crash. Bauric cried out in pain as one of the larger worms bit into his
arm. That was the last thing Halor saw before the horde of worms
squirmed across the stones and overcame them.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

http://boards.station.sony.com/ubb/everquest/Forum1/HTML/000521.html

EverQuest Third Anniversary State of the Game part 2
Absor
posted 03-15-2002 11:06 AM

As promised, we would like to explain in more detail some of the changes that you'll be seeing in EverQuest.

Some of these changes are already available on the Test Server and will be arriving on Live servers just in time for EverQuest's third anniversary. Others you may expect to find on Test in the coming weeks, which we hope to make available to everyone soon afterward.


For those new to EverQuest, as well as our mid-level players:

o The need to sit down and stare at the spellbook to regain mana has been removed at all levels. (Sitting down and having Meditation skill are still required.)

o When starting a new character for the first time, it can take quite some time to get into that class' core abilities. In some cases, the style of gameplay needs to shift dramatically. That being the case, we've accelerated the rate at which people gain experience up to level ten.

o In addition, undue frustration can occur during these youthful times. Traumatic events such as losing a corpse and not knowing where to find it or how to retrieve it can be quite the ordeal. With that in mind, we've changed the way that death works below level ten. Characters level nine and under who die will appear at their bind point with all of their equipment intact. (A short-lived corpse will still be left at the site of the disaster to allow the player to receive a resurrection.)

o Experience gained in dungeons designed for players level 30 and under will be increased. For many people, there is nothing more satisfying in EverQuest than adventuring in dungeons. By giving people the tools to help them succeed earlier, and rewards to match, we hope that more players will discover why many people feel this way.

o In the spirit of getting characters into more dangerous and rewarding situations, earlier, the following spell lines have been altered to make them easier to use and more widely available, across more level ranges.

* Resurrection, for Clerics and Paladins.
* Summon Corpse, for Necromancers and Shadowknights.
* Succor/Evacuate, for Druids and Wizards

o The bind points of starting characters will more closely match the areas they are already familiar with. (No more getting lost as new characters die in town, only to show up someplace outside.)

o New characters now start with considerably more food and drink.

o After applying advanced mathemagics, the commonly known "hell-level" experience gain effect in levels 30, 35, 40, and 45 has been largely done away with. Further, the "post-hell-level" experience loss in levels 31, 36, 41, and 46 was driven from the face of Norrath as well.


For all EverQuest players:

o Rumors abound that Bristlebane, God of Mischief, for reasons of his own design, has infused the Gnome and Halfling races with new potential professions. (Whether this is a blessing or a curse has yet to be decided.)

o The long-requested global chat channels are well on their way. We'll be supporting player-created chat channels for raids, for friends, for total strangers - Anything you'd like to use them for. Expect a documentation update (eqmanual_supplement.doc in your EverQuest directory) explaining how to use these soon.

o We've cleaned up what happens while you're zoning. The days of a frozen screen full of blurry text may well be over, forever. (The days of losing /tells, /guild chat, and group messages while zoning will hopefully be heading out the door behind them.)

o While we have aimed to support armor/skin layer tinting on the majority of video cards, some of the abandoned video cards that are still used to play EverQuest unfortunately do not have the power to handle this feature. With that in mind, we will soon be implementing a switch that will allow players to enable armor/skin tinting at their discretion. (Stay tuned to a patch message, coming soon.)


The last item we'd like to mention is a brief update on caster and priest rebalancing. (Please note that the balancing act is still going on, across the board. We wanted to update you on the progress we've made so far.)

o Expect to see the first of the Focus Items for spell casters and spell-casting hybrids soon. We will leave the specifics to you to discover, but rest assured that useful and exciting focus items are making their way into the game as we speak.

o Enchanters' Memory Blur line, and aspects of Rapture and Glamour of Kintaz have been improved.

o The grouping requirement for the Translocate series of spells has been removed.

o Clerics' Smite line has been improved.

o The Post-50 Lich line for Necromancers has been redistributed.

o Necromancers' Levant and Skin of the Shadow have been changed to allow them to be used any time of the day.

o Necromancers' Quivering Veil of Xarn has been improved.

Many of the caster balance changes to date have been made with feedback from the dedicated players of these classes, both from EMails and message boards. We're grateful for the time and effort that has been put into many well-reasoned comments we've received.


Thank you for helping us make our world, yours.

- The EverQuest Team


——————————
March 19, 2002
——————————

We wanted to start by letting everyone know how grateful we are for all
of the suggestions for improvements that we’ve received both in EMail
and on the various class and server boards. We appreciate all the help
you’ve provided us.

** Changes for Low Level Characters **

- Characters no longer lose experience for death below level 11
- Characters now begin first level with a stack of 20 food and drink
- Items no longer appear on a corpse if you are below level 10, they
reappear with the character
- When a character “dings” level 10 you will be informed that your
items will now be on your corpse
- Characters will no longer appear with a Tome of Discord. They must
get one from the Priest of Discord
- New resurrection, evacuate and corpse summoning spells have been
added at lower levels
- We’ve moved the newbie bind points closer to where characters first
start out, not outside in their newbie areas
- Halflings and Gnomes have new classes available to them: Halfling
Rangers and Paladins as well as Gnome ShadowKnights and Paladins. All
of the necessary NPCs and items should be available for these new
classes

** Alternate Advancement Abilities **

- Divine Stun is now an activated ability on a 30 second reuse timer
with a chance to interrupt NPCs up to level 60
- Most targeting issues with Alternate Advancement abilities should be
fixed
- Rampage should now consider all viable targets, including PvP targets
- Metabolism should be working properly now
- Scribble Notes should reduce memorization times to an even greater
extent than it did before

** Spells/Songs **

- Fixed a bard lockup bug that would occur randomly with during cast
time
- Fixed a song bug that was causing songs to be stuck on, triggered by
contact proc buffs procs (such as Boon of the Garou)
- The new Cleric and Paladin Resurrection line of spells are now
available on vendors
- The new corpse summoning spell is now available on vendors, as are the appropriate coffins
- The new Evacuate spells are now available on vendors
- Memory Blur, Mind Wipe, Blanket of Forgetfulness, Memory Flux,
Glamour of Kintaz and Rapture have been given a greater chance of
clearing the ‘hate list’
- Glamour of Kintaz and Rapture also have longer durations
- Egress and Abscond have a reduced mana cost and a lesser chance to
fizzle
- Judgement has been improved to make it a better upgrade from the
previous spell in the spell line
- Shaman group buff spells (Tumultuous Strength and the Talisman
spells – Cat, Brute, Rhino, and Raptor) have been improved to be more in line
with the single target versions of those spells.
- Added a new line of spells for Magicians that summons focus items
- /pet get lost will now kill the buff as well as the familiar
- Marzin’s Mark now stack with Protection of the Glades
- Improved the way that Abolish Disease/Poison and Counteract
Disease/Poison work
- Fixed it so that whenever a player loses the chance to click on a
resurrection dialogue box (such as entering the inventory screen), the
game will react as if the user had clicked “no”. This should prevent
cases where the player can not be resurrected unless they logged out
- “Sense” spells should now work while on a horse
- Shield of Auras effect has had a stacking issue with Clarity fixed
and the component removed
- Skin of Shadow has had its night only restriction removed
- Demi Lich is now a level 56 spell
- Arch Lich has been improved
- Translocate spells no longer require that the target be grouped with
the caster. Also, the dialog box for this spell will remain longer
- Added Sicken and Tainted Breath to a merchant in Shar Vahl
- Levitation spells now check to see if you have a second Levitation
type spell when it wears off before hurling you to the ground
- Eye of Tallon has a longer duration
- Spell memorization speed should now take +Meditate% skill items into
account
- Bard song memorization time should now be faster and is affected by
attributes

** Zones **

- Changed safe spot in Kedge Keep to actually be a safe spot
- The Beastlord trainer in Firiona Vie is now more friendly to
Beastlords of all types
- Vyzh`dra the Cursed has been adjusted to help balance the risk versus
reward associated with the encounter

** Items **

- Sleeper’s Tomb Key is now Soulbound
- Wand of Casual Blessings is not longer usable by Half-Elves, and is
usable by Dark Elves and Gnomes. It also now looks like a staff and not
a bag
- Corrected some of the Velious quest helm graphics. All helms of this
type are no longer displaying a graphic (as intended) and the
‘customized’ plate helms should all now have graphics (also as
intended)
- Custom Malevolent Crown should now be the same color as the rest of
the armor set
- The Beastlord Epic item has been changed to be more in line with
other epic items
- Grimling Tribal Headdress is now a “head” item and should be
equippable
- Thexian Loop has had its Haste increased
- Headband of Many Visions now grants Deadeye instead of See Invisible
- Shield of the Swamp should now have a graphic
- Shield of Auras should now have a graphic

** Combat **

- Pets are now more likely to avoid NPC ripostes
- Wizards now have an inherent chance to score a critical blast with
their damage spells after 11th level. This ability does not lessen the
chance of scoring a critical hit with Alternate Experience abilities
that grant criticals

** Client/Interface **

- Added /dopropertinting command. This command allows you to turn on
and off the “DoProperTinting” option in the eqclient.ini file.
Activating this command should correct most tinting issues (such as
armor tint also tinting the character’s skin). But if it causes issues
you can toggle it off by using /dopropertinting off
- Added /chat commands, that allow players to create their own chat
channels. Please read the eqmanual_supplement.doc in your EverQuest
directory for more information
- Added /hitsmode command. This command allows you to more finely
control how you see hits, including seeing them in a window other than
your chat window. Please see the eqmanual_supplement.doc for more
details
- Added /clearhits to clear the current hits in the M2-M5 modes of the
/hitsmode command. Again, please see the eqmanual_supplement for more
information
- Added /showgrass command. This toggles the radial flora (Luclin only)
on and off
- Added options in the Options screen (under Chat Filter) for filtering
out Melee and Spell criticals. Options are All/Me/Off. These can also
be activated using the /filter command, and will affect critical hit,
critical blast, exceptional heal, and crippling blow messages
- Changed /filter to allow you to toggle the various chat filter
settings (still also lets you toggle the badwords filter)
- Changed /channel to allow you to set your default chat channel. It
also now saves this setting in the INI file
- Changed the /targetgroupbuff command to be ‘persistent’. The state of
the switch will be stored in the eqclient.ini file and will be
remembered when you log out or zone
- Fixed the double messages received when “Soandso’s song ends”
- Mend should be working properly. “Can not use Mend for x seconds” can
still appear, but you now should be able to use mend at the appropriate
time
- Fixed bug in the client that caused a “You are out of Ammo message”
even when you still had ammo
- Messages should no longer be lost while you are zoning
- Corpses that are made to appear at the “safe spot” of a zone for any
reason can now be moved using /corpse as long as the person using the
command has /consent for that corpse
- Added “AllLuclinPcModelsOff” line to the eqclient.ini file which, if
set to TRUE, will skip the loading of all of the Luclin PC models
(except the Vah Shir, which always gets loaded no matter what this is
set to). This should allow players to set the loading of each race and
sex individually for their normal game play, but then quickly turn all
models off for a raid or other such circumstances
- Added /rtarget function (can be used as /rt). This function targets
the last character to send you a /tell. It follows all of the rules for
/target
- Messages sent to you while you are zoning should be saved and sent to
you when you reach the other side of the zone. Messages should no
longer be lost while zoning (unless zoning takes more than about 10
minutes for any reason)
- You should be able to keep typing whatever you were in the middle of
typing when you zoned… but it might not be processed till you’re in
the new zone
- If someone is on your ignore list and they do a /random, you
shouldn’t see it anymore

** Pathing **

- Corrected some pathing in Ak’Anon that was preventing some NPCs from
reaching certain areas
- Corrected some pathing issues in Acrylia Caverns
- Corrected a problem with the entrance from Hollowshade Moor into
Paludal Caverns that was preventing Beastlord Warders from entering the
zone

** Miscellaneous **

- Many cases where characters would stab themselves with their weapons
when sitting should have been eliminated.
- Player characters no longer broadcast their location when they are
stationary. This should reduce the resources used and improve gameplay.
- Fixed a problem that was causing some users to see blocky, unblended
terrain where terrain types meet.
- Critical hit messages from spells now take into account PvP damage
calculations. The actual damage was calculated correctly, it was just
displaying wrong on the critical message.
- Fixed canoes, they should move forward and backwards normally again.
- We have been working to prevent characters from being stuck in the
game after link death in such a way that prevents the player from
logging back in. Players should be able to log back in no more than 5
minutes after going link dead in all situations.
- Added Sharvahl as a “home zone” for Vahshir when taking PvP racial
faction hits into account .
- We have fixed the ATI flashing problem that some players with certain
cards were having when inventory window was up.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
March 21, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

Contact buffs have once again been disabled for bards to prevent songs
from locking up

- Fixed a bug that was causing the “Soandso begins to cast a spell”
message to not display

- Fixed the bug that was causing the last hit message for another
player to be displayed even if you had other’s hits off

- Added more info to the /hitsmode help

- Added another option to the /hitsmode command to allow users to force
the windows to be displayed even if empty

New Hitsmode Usage: /hitsmode

Where: is 1 to force the window to draw even if empty.

- Changed it so hitsmode windows do NOT draw when in “normal” old UI
mode (e.g. spellbook)

- Fixed a bug that was giving bards an error message related to
/targetgroupbuff every time they zone. (“This ability does not work
with bard songs.”)

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 5, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

** Graphics Engine Update **

- S3 video cards: We’ve worked around a shortcoming in the S3 drivers
that fixes the overlapping or “cutout” looking interface graphics.

- All Hardware TnL cards: More optimizations and performance increases.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 9, 2002
——————————

** EverQuest Pricing Increase **
Due to the increased costs of running the EverQuest game service, we
will be increasing our subscription rates in April. Effective April 25,
the new monthly subscription rate will be $12.95/month.

We will continue to offer discounts from the new rate plan on multi-
month subscriptions. The new price for a 3-month subscription will be
$35.85 and a 6-month subscription will now be $65.70.

You don’t have to do a thing; you will automatically be migrated to the
new billing structure under your current subscription plan when your
current subscription plan expires.

HOWEVER, for a limited time only (from April 10 through April 24,
2002), you may extend your current subscription for an additional 12 or
24 months by signing up for the new EQ 12 or 24 month plan – and reap
great savings off of the new rates:

* Extend for 12 months for $109 US – and get a 30% discount off of the new monthly rates!

* Extend for 24 months for $190 US – and get a 39% discount off of the
new monthly rates!

Now is the time to lock in these rates, so don’t miss out.

For more information visit www.everquest.com/rates

** NPCs and Items **

- Non-pet NPCs will start to return items they don’t care about. This
will occur over time as zones are updated.

** Spells **

- Pet healing spells now have a Cure Disease effect
- Cancel Magic is now available to Beastlords
- Fixed the research recipe for Nullify Magic to match that listed in
Lore Malignancy
- Spell icon for Mental Corruption is now yellow (self only)
- Spell icon for Valor of Marr is now yellow (self only)
- Spell icon for Bonds of Tunare is now green (AoE)
- Spell icon for Engorging Roots is now red (consistent with other
druid root spells)
- Omakin’s Alacrity now shows a spell message when cast
- Chilling Embrace should now be ‘curable’ with spells that cure poison
- Druid Ancient Spell scrolls should now scribe the correct spells in
your spellbook

** Items **

- Tarmok Battlestaff now looks like a staff in inventory
- Shield of Mental Fortitude should now have a visible graphic
- Aqualung has been changed. It should have 20 charges, and it
shouldn’t suddenly drop to one charge. If you have one of the broken
aqualungs, you may contact your GM for a replacement
- Sathir’s Wand should be working
- Tishan’s Kilt is wizard usable only (it was never intended to be used
by druids)
- Shield of Auras should now stack with Clarity and will no longer
require a component. It should also be usable by Iksar
- Venomous Axe of the Velium Brood proc effect is now level restricted
- Necrasaur Hide Boots and Petrified Wood Great Staff have had some
stat modifiers changed, previous modifiers were invalid values
- Spider Silk Whip and Spider Silk Handwraps are now primary and
secondary equippable
- Sigil Earring of Veracity effect is now a right-click effect
- Flute of Eternal Night is now usable by the Vah Shir
- Deepcarver Plate Bracer can now be equipped
- Pearl of Dread should no longer look like a bag when equipped
- Twisted Bone Earring can now be used by Gnomes, Dwarves and Half
Elves
- Everriculum can now be used by Barbarians
- Changed the name of the scroll for Bond of Death to match the name of
the spell
- Changed the name of the scroll for Renewal to match the name of the
spell
- Shield of the Creator can now be used by Iksar and Dark Elves
- Rod of Identification should be working now
- Tribal War Mask and Boots should be usable by the same races and
classes that can use the rest of the armor

** Zones **

- Warders and Familiars should now be able to zone from the Bazaar to
the Nexus
- Fixed a ‘safe spot’ in Paludal Caverns
- Fixed a few pathing issues in Sebilis
- Fixed a ‘safe spot’ in Chardok
- Fixed a pathing issue in Tenebrous
- NPCs in Sanctus Seru no longer show fear (or are affected by such
spells)
- You should now be able to zone from Marus Seru to Mons Letalis while
on your horse
- Familiars should be able to zone from the Qeynos catacombs to the
city with their master.
- Delival in Shar Vahl should be a lot less violent

** Trade skills **

- Gnomish spirits are now available in Shadowhaven
- Added a few trade skill vendors to Rivervale

** Miscellaneous **

- Skiffs were fixed with an earlier patch and should be working now

- The EverQuest Team

*** News from the Vale ***

Clan Death Fist has long had a minor presence in the Misty Thicket,
preying on the Halfling farmers and tradesmen. Recently the Death Fist
Clans numbers in the thicket have increased and the Orcs are cutting
down trees and mining the rock of the nearby mountains. Reports have
come in to Rivervale that the Orcs are shipping the lumber and ore to
the commonlands and stockpiling it for an unknown purpose. Whatever the
Deathfists agenda, their increased presence has made the thicket a more
dangerous place beyond the protective wall.

Not far from the tunnel that leads from the Misty Thicket to Rivervale
lie mysterious cursed ruins. All that remains of what once stood at
these sites are fragments of walls that are presumed to have been
constructed around the same time as the nearby ruined tower. An ancient
magical scarecrow stands at the center of one of these ruins and warns
passers by that the place is cursed. It is a popular belief among the
halflings of Rivervale that the crumbled walls once surrounded
beautiful and fruitful gardens that were cursed when their owner and
caretaker offended the Gods. Whether or not this story is true, the
scarecrows warning is true as the gardens are host to diseased vermin
and the animated corpses of fallen halflings who were brought to the
there and buried after their death by an unknown evil.

With the Goblin Clan Pickclaws now occupying a portion of Runnyeye
Citadel the number of Goblins now residing in the Misty Thicket has
grown. These somewhat exiled Runnyeye Goblins have been mining Crude
Iron Ore from the nearby mountains and are most likely attempting to
forge weapons and armor to use in a goblin revolt to reclaim all of
Runnyeye Citadel from the Pickclaws. With enemies to all sides these
semi-exiled goblins are being far less troublesome than they have the
potential to be.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 23, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

NOTE: We are unable to patch “code” right now because we are in the
middle of making some changes to the basic structure of the game. This
will delay fixes for system bugs and updates (such as Alternate
Advancement Abilities and /commands). Please be patient until we can
get these much-needed changes finished. Because these changes affect
things such as the database that stores player characters, we’re taking
care to make these changes the right way.

** Items **

- Faun hooves are now stackable
- Storm Reaper Initiate Scimitar is now magic
- Moss Toe Bracer is no longer Lore
- Bracer of the Stoutdeacon is no longer Lore
- Infected Rat Livers are no longer No-Drop
- Shadowsong Cloak now also grants a hit point bonus
- Sambata Boulder now has a range value and can be thrown
- Spear of Foresight no longer has a range value (it is primary hand
only)
- Rod of Identification now has 20 charges
- Patriarch Claws can now be used by Beastlords
- Crystalline Silk Threads are now stackable.

** Spells **

- Casters of slow spells recently given a disease component (such as
Shiftless Deeds and Turgur’s Insects) should no longer attract undue
attention to themselves.
- Raised the price to purchase Phantom Plate scroll to be more in line
with others of that spell line
- The following Spells are now usable by Beastlords: Serpent Sight(19),
Enduring Breath(29), Levitate(39) and Talisman of Tnarg(53)
- Changed the way Circle of Summer stacks with other spells
- Changed Torrent of Fatigue so that it actually replenishes stamina
for the caster instead of taking it away
- Cure Blindness should work now
- Changed Koadic’s Heightened Focus to better stack with other mana
regeneration spells

** Trade Skills **

- Cazic Thule tradeskill items are no longer No Drop

** Quests **

- Halfling Toes should now be available
- The Dark Elven Cleric Guild Summons should show the proper text now
- The Dark Elf Wizard Guild Summons should show the proper text now
- Unholy Silk Bracer recipe should be correct now

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 8, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

** Items **

- We’ve made some changes that will cause a few proccing items to be
out of charges after the patch. Players with such items will need to
petition and ask a GM to swap the item out with a new one
- Focus items using the “Naki’s Pernicity” effects should now be
working as intended
- Focus items that affect a spell’s duration should now work for
clickable items
- It should be impossible to equip an item that will reduce your hit
points by more than your maximum hit points. Also, hit point reduction
items should not lower hit points below 1
- Tinkered Compass now adds the appropriate bonus to the sense heading
skill
- Hit point bonuses on food items should be working

** Spells **

- Higher level familiars should once again survive when their masters
go invisible, Abscond or Evac
- Fixed a bug that was preventing the Lesser Familiar mana regeneration
component from working
- Familiars no longer cause damage to their master upon death
- Familiar buff remains after the caster uses the /pet get lost command
to remove the visual representation
- Torrent of Fatigue should be working properly now
- Allure of the Wild has had its level cap raised to make it a useful
upgrade
- Umbra has been improved to give a slightly higher AC benefit
- A character can no longer trade with an NPC when invisible. Character
must turn visible before starting the trade
- Characters can no longer scribe a scroll that they can’t cast due to
deity restrictions
- Invisibility should now remain after a link death
- Theft of Thought will no longer give mana when cast on PC classes
that do not have mana (in PvP or in a duel)
- Drain/Share spells can no longer be cast on players on blue servers,
and can no longer be cast on group members on PvP servers. Spells
Affected: Succession of Shadows, Crippling Claudication, Mind Wrack,
Degeneration, Zevfeer’s Theft of Vitae, Torrent of Hate, Torrent of
Fatigue, Torrent of Pain
- Spirit Armor scroll no longer lists Shadowknights as a class that can
use it (they couldn’t anyway)
- Bard AE songs now have vertical limit of 50 feet. This is also the
case for Mass Group Buff
- Gating and porting while in tree form should no longer cause crashes
- Removed all “Begins to cast X spell” text from procs
- Resurrection request box will now reset if you open another window
while it is up, preventing a problem where a character is unable to be
resurrected if he has the res box up and he loots a mob or opens a
trade window
- Fixed a bug with lifetaps that would cause people around a lifetap to
see, “You feel drained…” instead of “Fippy feels drained…”
- Issues with Healing seeming to be delayed have been fixed (see Spell
Filters)
- Fixed a bug that was causing “soandso’s song ends” to show up as
“he’s song ends” if the bard was targeted, “it’s song ends” if not
targeted
- Divine Glory received a small upgrade to make it more in line with
the spell series

** Spell Filters **

- Issues with healing seeming to be delayed should be fixed. The
problem was with filters that allowed players to ignore spells that
were hitting them. The following changes were needed to fix this issue
- Player characters will now always see spells that hit them and spells
they cast
- Players with the Group option set for PC spells will see the start
spell casting messages for people in their group and they will also see
when member of their group are hit with spells
- Players with the ALL option will still see all PC spells and spell
hits

** Spell Stacking **

General stacking changes: Some buffs were not being allowed to stack
which now will stack, and other buffs were being allowed to stack which
should not have.

For example, many stacking problems with spells that have a See
Invisible or Levitate component are now gone (e.g. Dead Man Floating),
while a number of stacking exploits that granted too much regeneration,
too much offense (ATK), too large of a damage shield, or too many hit
points have been fixed. Here are some of the details:

- Vision abilities (natural or spell-granted) should no longer cause
spells to fail to take hold
- Bard songs should in general overwrite fewer spells

- Harness of Spirit no longer stacks with spells that grant Strength or
Dexterity boosts. It was never intended to do so
- Harness of Spirit and Avatar should now stack properly
- Call of the Predator and Warder’s Protection should no longer stack
- Arch Lich should no longer overwrite innate racial vision abilities
- Levitate and Dead Man Floating should no longer conflict
- Dead Man Floating should no longer conflict with any vision abilities
(natural or spell granted)
- Spirit of Eagle should no longer cancel Levitation/Levitate spells
- Fixed a stacking exploit with Armor of Protection and Armor of the
Risen
- Focus of Spirit should no longer overwrite Visions of Grandeur
- Focus of Spirit should now stack with the Whistling Fists effect
- “Circle of” Druid spells should no longer stack with their Resist
counterparts.
- Shroud of Spirits and the Cloak of the Akheva should stack properly
now
- Cantata of Soothing should no longer overwrite Clarity spells
- Cantata and Chorus of Replenishment should no longer overwrite Acumen
- Bladecoat no longer overwrites Clarity II
- Lower level druid group buffs should now be less likely to overwrite
higher level buffs
- Avatar and Force of Nature will no longer stack
- Ancient Feral Avatar should now stack properly

** Alternate Advancement **

- Improved Familiar should now be better than Greater Familiar
- Fixed a bug with Permanent Illusion that was causing the caster to
see his illusions drop when zoning, even if others continued to see the
illusion
- Trolls and Iksar no longer receive double regeneration ability from
AA abilities
- The Archetype skill Casting Deftness will no longer supercede the
Class specific Quick Buff casting time reducing skill. Note that at
this time there is a maximum benefit to casting time bonuses of a 50%
reduction
- Casting deftness was changed to reflect the increases presented by
the in-game help (5, 15 and 25%)
- Turn Summoned should now work on all summoned creatures, not just
pets. The text should correctly say that there is only one level for
this ability
- Improved Reclaim Energy now works with the epic pet
- Fixed a crash bug caused by Call Corpse
- Alternate Advancement abilities that affect a spell’s duration should
now work for clickable items
- Quick Summon should now work for Call of the Hero and Manifest
Elements
- Quick Summon also changed to match the benefits presented by the in-
game help

** Skills **

- Increased the velocity tolerance for the Hide skill. This may
slightly improve the functionality of the Evade skill
- Poison should no longer be interrupted
- Sneak only breaks when a character is hit, not when he hits someone
- Fixed a bug that was causing a problem when Pick Pockets was used
before Beg had refreshed. Beg and Pick Pocket use the same timer, so
now using Beg or Pick Pocket will cause both buttons to gray out
- A message is now displayed and skills are properly reset when a rogue
breaks sneak and/or hide because he is looting a corpse
- Beastlords should function like other hybrids when casting in melee

** Zones **

- The Hole now uses Kunark-level Mez/Charm/Taunt rules
- Petrified humerus should now be available
- Zones where mounts cannot be summoned will now remove mounts when
they enter the zone
- High level NPCs can now be taunted in Cazic Thule
- Random frame lag in Guktop and Oasis should be fixed
- Fixed a pathing problem in Tenebrous Mountains
- Fixed a pathing bug in Paludal Caverns
- Fixed pathing exploits in Chardok
- Fixed a pathing exploit in Cazic Thule
- Fixed a pathing exploit in Acrylia
- Fixed a pathing bug in the Tower of Frozen Shadow
- Fixed a pathing bug in Fungus Grove
- Fixed a spot where characters could get stuck in Twilight Sea
- Moved the Permafrost ‘safe point’ closer to the zone line
- Addressed an issue with an aggressive NPC that appeared outside of
the Arx Building in Sanctus Seru
-Modified the Vyzh`dra the Cursed spawn trigger to make the various
incarnations more accessible
-Modified several NPCs in the temple of Ssraeshza to address the
disparity between melee and caster effectiveness in the zone

** Quests **

- Adjustments have been made to the 8th Coldain Prayer Shawl quest
- High Priestess Alexandriana should be working properly now

** Tradeskills **

- Added over 1,000 new tradeskill recipes for all levels of skill,
along with many recipe books. A few of the vendors of Norrath might be
able to get you started on your way
- Added Mortar and Pestle to a Thurgadin merchant
- Rubbing Alcohol is now available from a vendor in Thurgadin

** Guilds **

- Fixed many bugs with the guild system, for example: GMs can now
rename guilds without the need to destroy and recreate them, guilds can
have names that share the first 15 characters with another guild (they
couldn’t before) and people should no longer experience random guild
kickouts when a guild on their server is deleted/reformed.

** Pets **

- A character may now have a horse, a pet and an Eye of Zomm at the
same time
- /pet attack range has been limited to prevent its use as a targeting
tool. Asking pets to attack targets outside the range will generate a
“not a legal target” message
- Pets will once again tell you who they are attacking by sending its
master a /tell
- Pet attack animations should now be working for all pets

** Chat Channels **

- Players can specify a chat channel as their default channel using the
/channel commands (e.g. /channel chat mychannel)
- The ‘old’ method for setting the default channel is also now saved in
the INI file
- Kick and Invite should be working for chat channels

** Horses **

- Potions now work while on a horse
- Skeletons can now ride horses (meaning: PCs should be able to mount
and ride horses while changed into a skeleton)

** Miscellaneous **

- Fixed a bug that was causing the AFK flag to sometimes not be visible
to players entering a zone after it was turned on
- Made some adjustments to factions to make Beastlords, Druids and
Rangers (as well as small adjustments for Vah Shir) a little better
liked by animals (those that don’t adhere to a faction)
- No updates are sent when the player character is not moving, saving
resources. We’ve also increased the rate that position updates are made
by moving player characters, using up some of those saved resources but
making movement a bit smoother
- Stationary NPCs should no longer warp when they aggro/summon
- NPCs who shout names while they Death Touch should be fixed
- Teleports arriving in some zones should spread the arrivals out a bit
more. Affected zones are Nexus, Skyfire, Emerald Jungle, Butcherblock
Mountains, South Ro, Greater Faydark, Tox, North Karana, West Commons
and Lavastorm
- Fixed the bug that was preventing players from seeing the “your spell
is interrupted” or the NPCs spell interruption message
- Fixed the issue with boats depositing players at the safe point of
the zone after zoning
- Fixed the strange floating NPC bug (seeing NPCs floating in the air
after zoning)
- /cry is now working
- /consent %t should allow the consented character to drag your corpse
- Target Nearest NPC (F8 by default) has been fixed.

** Sullon Zek Rules Change **

We have increased the number of character that can be created on an
account to three. These characters, however, must be on the same team

** Firiona Vie Rules Changes **

Since the launch of Firiona Vie we have had tremendous support for this
special server from players who want a very roleplaying immersive
environment. Players have made numerous suggestions to tweak the
ruleset a little more. We have taken many of those suggestions and made
changes accordingly.

We will be keeping the following rules intact:

* /ooc will remain unavailable to remind people that acting in
character is strongly recommended.
* The Common language will remain out, to help maintain the feeling of
race-based community and to allow people to continue to roleplay
someone with a native tongue.
* The Trivial Loot Code and all of the special rules for no-drop items
will remain. This has worked out nicely for the sense of community on
the server.
* The one character per account restriction will remain.

However, we will be removing the following restrictions:

* Anonymous/roleplay flags will no longer be required. They will remain
available, but forcing anonymity on characters was causing undue
problems finding groups and other such things that are essential to
enjoyable gameplay.
* The language learning limit/speed restrictions will be removed. While
the idea of limited languages seemed like a good idea, this is another
item that was just making it too hard to actually play the game.
Roleplayers that don’t want their characters to be overly literate
always have the option to play their characters that way.
* /shout and /auction have returned to unrestricted use to allow easier
grouping and selling. People are welcome to filter those channels if
they prefer not to see them, but the benefits of having them availabe
is just too great. /ooc will remain disabled on this server. Obviously,
acting in character on any channel is strongly recommended.
* Alignment restrictions has been removed. Forced restrictions for
grouping make playing the game too much of a chore. Characters,
however, may always decide who they wish to group with based on any
factors the character perceives. If your Dark Elf won’t group with a
paladin, he doesn’t have to (and shouldn’t). If your cleric of
Quellious wants to heal a necromancer because healing people is the
right thing to do for him, then you should be able to do so. But not
allowing these things is a restriction on your ability to play that
character ‘in-character’, and a real hindrance to general gameplay.

Again, it’s important to understand that this is still a roleplaying
preferred server. The rules that we are changing were often as much of
a restriction to one’s ability to roleplay as they were a help. And the
artificial barriers to grouping, especially the trouble created in just
finding a group, needed to be removed to allow people to actually play
the game.

……………………………………………………………

May 9, 2002?  Usenet post was that date

** Cleanup Patch **

We're sorry to have to patch again so soon, but there are some
issues that we felt should be taken care of right away.

- Fixed NPC's multi spawning in Grimling Forest
- Fixed a spawning issue related to the Coldain 10th Ring War
- Fixed assorted issues with several other zones
- Fixed a bug that made archery work like Innoruuk's own machine gun
- Fixed the Petrifier Cockatrice name truncation in Dreadlands
- Fixed Innoruuk's Chosen name truncation in the Plane of Hate
- Fixed a memory leak in the animation player
- Tavee's shoulders effect has been changed to specifically exclude
affecting the duration of the Donal's Chestplate timer effect
- Naki's rings now report the altered casting time properly
- Most NPCs in the world will now return items that they don't care
about. Summoned pets can still be handed anything you like
- Fixed a bug that was causing GMs to be incomprehensible to players
if they did not share a common language on Firiona Vie
- Fixed a bug that was preventing players from being able to turn off
/roleplay on Firiona Vie
- Fixed a bug that was causing bard song modifiers (such as
Instrument/Singing Mastery and Puretone) to break if the combined
bonuses went too high
- Fixed a bug that was causing some quests to think they required a
higher faction than they actually did
- A quest for a new high level Druid spell is now live (requires Luclin)
- Addressed a balance issue with high end Magician and
Necromancer pets by improving them. (Half of this change went live
lastnight but was missed in the previous patch message.)
- Improved many rewards in an overall rebalancing effort of many
Luclin encounters. (This went live lastnight but was missed in the
previous patch message.)
- Made stacking changes to allow more spells to stack with
Dance of the Blades.

- The EverQuest Team


** News arrives from Freeport **

The streets of Freeport have been overtaken by greed and turmoil.
The conflict between the Dismal Rage and the law-abiding citizens
of Freeport has reached a boiling point. New heroes have been called
on to aid both sides in the constant power struggle of this city.
Numerous guildmasters have advanced the training that is given to
all those brave enough to rise from Freeport, either for good or for evil.
The Commonlands have also started to see strange new individuals and
even stranger creatures. There is also word that the Deathfist Orcs have
begun to stockpile supplies for an unknown reason. Citizens knowing the
nature of the Deathfist Orcs are preparing themselves for anything.


** Late arriving news from Ak'Anon **

It has not been long since two wayward gnomes returned to their home
city of Ak'Anon, one empowered with gifts of a Paladin of Brell and the
other wielding the dark knowledge of a Shadowknight of Bertoxxulous.
Already pupils have flocked to the chapel of the Deep Muses and the
mines of the Dark Reflection to learn the secrets and skills these
opposing masters possess. Led by their new champions of Brell, the
Deep Muses, Gem Cutters, and Eldritch Collective have begun a
campaign to exterminate the Dark Reflection from the mines of Ak'Anon
and their cherished homeland, the Steamfont Mountains.


——————————
May 10, 2002 2:00 am
——————————

- Bard instruments should once again improve the effects of their
songs.
- Corrected issues with a few of the recently added trade skill
recipes.

……………………………………………………………

http://eq.castersrealm.com/viewarticle.asp?Article=4320

Hi,

I wanted to take a minute to let you know about some pet upgrades that
we've just completed. The changes are fairly significant, and we think
they address a lot of concerns that have been brought up by players.

Here are the changes we've made -

Pets will not attack mesmerized creatures
All pets now think of mesmerized creatures as being dead. Pets will
not break mez, will not attack mesmerized creatures, and will forget
any hate they had towards a mesmerized creature.

In short, if a monster gets mesmerized, your pet will forget about it
and stop attacking it. This is good for all pet classes, and
especially handy for Enchanters, who can now trust their pets to not
break every mez as soon as it lands.

Pets are neutral to monsters
Monsters will not attack your pet first. All monsters see your pet as
a neutral creature, and will leave it alone unless your pet attacks
something. This means if your pet wanders off, it won't bring a train
of monsters back with it.

Keep in mind, if your pet chases a fleeing monster, other monsters may
still attack it. Your pet is only treated as neutral while it is not
acting in a hostile manner.

Pets no longer take experience in most situations
In the past, pets would take a full share of experience if they did
the most damage to a creature. We've changed this rule as follows -

* Pets take ZERO experience from a creature, unless no player does
damage to that creature.

* Pets take 75% of the experience from a creature - if no player does
damage to that creature.

This means that your pet takes no experience from you or your group
unless your pet kills a monster with no help from players. As long as
you or your groupmates do damage to a monster, your pet will take ZERO
experience.

Due to the high potential power of dire charmed pets, they will
continue to take a share of the experience. In the worst case, dire
charmed pets will take a full share of experience - this is the same
as it's always been.

The amount of experience taken by a dire charmed pet scales based on
how much damage the pet does. If the dire charmed pet is doing the
majority of the damage, it's experience share gets larger. If you or
your group are doing reasonable damage to a monster, a dire charmed
pet will not take much experience. The more damage you do, the less
experience a dire charmed pet will take. In most situations, dire
charmed pets will take less experience than they did previously.

As with all pets, if a dire charmed pet does the majority of damage,
and no player does any damage, the dire charmed pet will take 75% of
the experience from the kill.

Overall, these changes are a significant boost to pet classes. The dev
team has been hard at work on finding and implementing the right
solutions, and we hope you'll enjoy these changes. Thanks for your
patience as caster balancing continues, and thanks for playing.

Rich Waters
Lead Designer, EverQuest 


JUNE 5, 2002
Acrylia Caverns:

    The Chieftain has gone on a vacation. We're retuning this encounter, and beg your indulgence while we work on it.

Spells:

    Fixed magician summoned focus earrings.
    Characters on horses are no longer immune to Ignite Bones.
    The Shadowbond series of spells can no longer be dispelled by the Necromancer.
    Nature's melody and Song of the Deep Seas should now stack with Dance of the Blades.

Items:

    Added 'focus' effects to over 150 existing items.
    Mischievous Chainmail armor is now Dwarf wearable (for those lil Bristlebane worshipin' dorf rogues).
    Changed several of the new cultural chain skirts from Leg slot to Waist slot.
    Keys for Veeshan's Peak, Sleeper's Tomb, Vex Thal are now no-drop on the Firiona Vie server.
    The key to the Plane of Air should now disappear when the character leaves the plane.
    Fixed Sifaye, Owlbear Feather, Grimling fang and Rockhopper talon darts to use the Throwing skill rather than the Archery skill.
    Added a 4 second casting time to Golem Metal Wand.
    Added a 3 second casting time on Egg Shaped Pumice.
    Added a 4 second casting time to Oil of Fennin Ro.
    The effect from Hammer of the Sun (Dawncall) now has a longer range.
    Fixed it so you can't fire fishing grubs with a bow (we know this had a lot of you worried...).
    Smithed Acrylia Chain and Plate armors are now magical.

NPCs:

    NPC casters should be a little bit smarter now. They will choose their spells a little more carefully.

Quests:

    Arbogast and Miller should be responding properly now.
    Sir Lucan's skeleton should be available again.
    Fixed spawns in the Grey for Beastlord Epic.
    The Neriak Initiate Breastplate recipe should now work.
    Freeport Monk Guild Master Klom Jyson should be responding now.
    Made several adjustments that should fix issues with the 10th ring war.

Tradeskills:

    Made some changes to the General Blacksmithing difficulties to make the progression in this trade skill more logical and to allow for more variety in that path.
    Added more than 200 smithing recipes.
    Enchanted Clay is now stackable.
    Sheet of Fiery Metal, Essence of Fire, Imp Blood, and Fiery Temper are now stackable.
    Enchanted HQ Ore can now be worked into rings, jointing, sheets, bricks, and blocks in a standard forge.

Pet Changes:

With this patch we've made some rather sweeping changes to the way pets work.

    Pets will not attack mesmerized creatures. Pets basically treat mesmerized NPCs as if they were dead.
    Pets are neutral to NPCs. Monsters will not attack pets first unless the pet is being aggressive to something.
    Pets take 75% of the experience from a creature if no player does damage to that creature.
    Pets take ZERO experience from a creature unless no player does damage to that creature.
    The exception to the above rule is Dire Charmed pets, which will take a share of the experience scaled by the amount of damage they do. In most situations (with an active party, for example) the Dire Charmed pet will not take experience. Like all pets, they will take 75% of the experience if no PC does damage to the target. As long as a player does damage to a creature, a Dire Charmed pet will never take more experience than it used to.
    Charmed NPCs will now respond to the /pet report health command.
    /pet sit down command should now work on charmed NPCs.
    Fixed a bug that was preventing reclaim energy from working on Magician Epic pets.

Miscellaneous:

    Fixed a bug that was causing a person that logs out with "damage shields: OFF" to be unable to see damage shield even when they turned them back on.
    Fixed a problem that was causing crashes when /following someone on a horse if they went out of range.
    Fixed a bug that prevented targeting an invisible NPC from horseback, even with See Invisible.



——————————
June 6, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

** Gameplay **

- In hopes of providing more things for more people to do, certain raid
level encounters in the world now return to existence a small amount
faster than they used to. This was actually included in lastnight’s
patch but was not mentioned.

- To address the competition between epic-seeking bards and other
classes, the infamous White Dragon Scale is no longer used in the quest
given by Karam Dragonforge in Rathe Mountains. The quest now requires a
White Dragon Hide. We did not reduce the rate at which White Dragon
Scales enter the world, but rather added new potential for the new
White Dragon Hide to be found.

** Focus Items **

- Spell casting time foci should report their new casting time
properly.

- Spell duration foci designed to affect DoTs (the Affliction line)
should now work reliably.

- Spell duration foci affecting beneficial spells are no longer random.
They now always extend the affected buffs for their maximum. (We never
wanted to make it harder to time your buffs.)

- The Affliction focus line should now only be affecting spells that do
damage.

- Bards should no longer get focus item messages that weren’t actually
affecting them.

- We’ve re-assigned quite a few of the focus items to have their
originally intended effect.

All of the same items have focus effects. However, as many people
noticed, quite a few effects were mis-assigned due to a tools error.
(Common, mid level items were frequently being assigned high level
effects, and vice versa.)

This situation has been fixed, and the items now have the effects that
we originally planned for them.

** Firiona Vie **

- Your server should once again have Trivial Loot Code enabled. Sorry
for changing the rules on you.

** Chat Channels **

- Should once again work reliably for people who are using NAT or IP
Masquerading via certain networking devices.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 12, 2002
——————————

** NPC Spell Caster Changes **

- NPCs are now bound by spell casting distance rules, meaning that an
NPC’s spell will no longer connect from halfway across the zone
- NPCs now have a chance to be interrupted by normal combat when
casting newer spells
- NPCs that are much lower level than their target have had their
potential casting damage reduced using a similar mechanic to the one
that player characters’ level differences use
- NPC Wizards no longer have an inherent bonus to their fire and cold
based spells
- Most NPCs that had previously had their spellcasting level inflated
to make up for poor spell selection have been brought back into line
with their actual level
- NPCs no longer automatically get free access to rarely dropped
spells, such as Garrison’s Superior Sundering and Funeral Pyre of
Kelador.

** Spells **

- True North now works while on horseback
- “Harmonize” songs should now last 12 minutes
- PC Enchanters will always resist their own single-target
mesmerization spells.
- Player characters will no longer use mana on targeted spell casts
that do not connect due to Line of Sight
- The Bind/Cast Sight line of spells now works as it used to. You do
not need to have line of sight to your target to use this spell.
- The sight effects granted by illusions should now remain when someone
with permanent illusion zones

** Items **

- Stanos’ Pouch has had its charges increased to 20
- Blessed Knight’s Mask is now tradable
- Mask of the Grimling Hunter is now wearable
- Faun Flute is now usable by Vah Shir
- Shrouded Boots are now magical
- Pickbringers Chainmail is now usable by Gnomes
- Acrylia Reinforced Armor is now usable by short races
- Crystal Chitin Leggings can now be used by rogues
- Sacred Grimling Fishing Spear can now be used by all rogue races and
can no longer be used by bards
- Dark Animist Gloves can now be used by Vah Shir
- Kylong Chestplate can now be used by Rangers, Dwarves, Halflings and
Gnomes
- All Kylong armor is now usable by Vah Shir, Barbarians, Trolls and
Ogres
- Marr’s Sustenance should provide the proper effect now
- Shadowhaven Faction Amulet should be more useful now
- Wind Spirits armor can now be worn by Half Elf bards

** Pets **

- Familiars and Warders will once again disappear when their buff is
clicked off
- Restored the range limit on /pet attack
- ‘/pet notaunt’ and ‘/pet no taunt’ turn taunt off
- ‘/pet taunt off’ turns it off as well
- ‘/pet taunt on’ turns taunt on instead of toggling it
NOTE: ‘/pet taunt’ still toggles taunt as it did before
- ‘/pet health report’ reports a pet’s health
- ‘/pet health’ also reports a pet’s health
- ‘/pet stand’ causes the pet to stand up
- ‘/pet sit’ causes the pet to sit down

** Quests **

- Loremaster Borannin should be responding properly again

** Trade Skills **

- Improved many of the smithed Acrylia items
- Large Blocks, Blocks, and Small Blocks of Magic Clay are now
stackable
- Brick of Deathsteel Ore is now stackable
- Several blacksmithed cultural armor set pieces have received a slight
improvement to their armor class.
- Tarnished and Fine Steel Weapons may now be recycled into ore by
placing them into a forge with a water flask.

** Miscellaneous **

- Resurrection timers have been fixed, they count down as normal
- NPCs that began regenerating too fast after the last patch have been
fixed

- The EverQuest Live Team

……………………………………………………………



……………………………………………………………

——————————
July 24, 2002
——————————

*** New Interface Available ***

The new EverQuest user interface is now available for use on Live
servers. Many of you will find that it runs faster than the old
interface. It is extremely customizable, and offers all sorts of
features including resizable windows, fading windows, a pet control
window, and flexibility through the XML files. We decided to offer it
for optional use as a sort of Beta II for folks on the Live servers
that haven’t had the chance to try it out on the Test server.

To activate the new interface:

* Log into the game.
* Type /newui into the chat bar and hit enter.
* Log out and exit to your desktop and then log back in.

or

* Before you log in:
* Open the EQclient.ini file in your EverQuest folder with a text
editor (notepad works fine)
* Find the [Defaults] section of the file
* Add a line that reads: NewUI=TRUE
* Log in

We want to thank all the folks that have helped us test the interface
and have offered a wide variety of useful ideas.

Enjoy the interface!

*** Bazaar Now Available ***

Those of you that own Shadows of Luclin now have access to the /bazaar
and /trader functions. These functions only work in the Bazaar. You can
find the Bazaar on Luclin, adjacent to the Nexus and Shadowhaven.

/bazaar opens up the Bazaar Search Window, which allows you to easily
locate specific items for sale by Traders in the Bazaar. /trader opens
up the Bazaar Vendor window, which allows you to make items available
for sale to others in the Bazaar.

You can only use the Bazaar if you have the new interface turned on.
See the message above for details.

Again we’d like to thank the folks that helped us test this feature.
And we’d like to apologize for the delay in delivery of the Bazaar.

We think that you’ll find the finished product to be a good one.

** ViewPort **

One of the new commands available only with the new interface is
/viewport. You can use this command to change the size of the gameplay
area.

/viewport [distance from left, distance from top, width, height]

All of the distances and numbers for the viewport command are in the
same measure as your screen resolution numbers.

For Example: Let’s say you are running in 800 x 600 video mode and you
want to create view the game only in the top half of your screen (not
that you would). You would type:

/viewport 0 0 800 300

The top left of your screen is 0 and 0. 800 is the width of your
screen, and the 300 is one half of the height of the screen.

/viewport reset – will reset the viewport to the default setting.

** New Vah Shir Models **

We have developed new models for the Vah Shir for use with the old
world. You may now choose to turn off the Luclin version of the Vah
Shir models and use these new models if you wish. These new Vah Shir
models require less memory and you may want to use them in place of the
Luclin models to improve system performance.

** Spells **

- Fixed a bug with the bard songs Warsong and Battlecry of the Vah Shir
that caused them to slow you down when used without other haste
components.
– Fixed a bug with bolt spells that caused double hits due
to elevation. Sorry Mages.
- Removed the “Ahhh… I feel much better now!” message from certain
spells when the caster is over level 35.
-Removed the reduction in damage to Damage over Time spells when used
on NPCs that are moving.
- Mind Wrack will now consider the z-axis when calculating the maximum
distance group members can receive the beneficial affects of the spell.
- Song of Sustenance should prevent unnecessary hungry and thirsty
messages.
- Bind Affinity can no longer be cast on any ungrouped player in
arenas.
- The caster of Voice Graft will once again see what is being said.
- Spells that transfer hit points over time from the caster to a target
will no longer take effect on the target (the hit point gainer) if the
caster (the hit point giver) isn’t also affected by the spell.
- Added a spell effect message to Magician epic.
- Beastlords now get Endure Disease at level 24 and Resist Disease at
51

** Pets **

- Pet Resistance Changes: Pets will now use their master’s level and
resistances when saving against spells cast by NPCs (against PCs pets
will use their own resistances and level as they always have) – unless
the pet has special resistances, in which case it will use that
resistance.
- Altered pet summoning spells so that they always summon the most
powerful pet possible, instead of pets within a 5 level range.
- /pet report health now uses the same user defined color as spell
text.
- /pet report health will now display a list of the effects on the pet.
- Mage fire pets should now cast their damage shields more often.
- Wizard, Druid and Cleric pets and familiars can now be buffed by
characters other than their owner.

** PvP **

- Fixed a bug on Tallon and Vallon Zek that made player characters in
non-human illusions immune to ranged attacks.
- It is no longer possible for PC’s to fear other PC’s at all on any
server. The same was also done for charm.
- Pets can no longer be affected by charm spells. This should fix the
issue that caused charm spells to make pets disappear.
- NPCs who are pets of players and call for help from other NPCs will
have their cries fall on deaf ears.

** Alternate Advancement **

- Dire Charm will now send a message to inform the caster that the
charm has broken by Feign Death.
- Spell Casting Subtlety should work properly for all levels of the
ability.

** Zone Specific **

- Corrected a problem with a treasure table in Marus Seru.
- The drakes in SkyShrine should no longer be dropping cloth caps. They
should now be producing Drake Eggs. The drakes are very happy about
this.
- The mountain lions in Steamfont now have jawbones. They are happier
about this than the Drakes are about their eggs.
- Hoshkar should no longer appear as a bag, qualifying him as the
happiest of them all.

** Horses **

- Fixed a bug that was allowing characters to change into illegal forms
while on horseback, causing some unusual displacement problems.
Characters will no longer be able to turn into those illegal forms
(elementals, for example) while on a horse.

** Quests **

- Corrected an issue with the Proudfoot Greaves recipe.
- The Vex Thal key quest has been changed slightly. Celestial Rifts
will no longer be used to create the key – a new item replaces them
called a Planar Rift. Planar Rifts are acquired by defeating the same
creature as before, however all future Rifts are going to be No-Drop.

A Celestial Rift can be placed in a forge by itself and ‘combined’ to
create a Planar Rift. Please be aware that the new Planar Rifts are No-
Drop, and should only be converted in a forge by the intended owner.
Old-style Celestial Rifts may be converted into the new Planar Rifts
for a period of one month from this patch. If you have any rifts
currently, be sure to convert them to the new style within 30 days.

This change is not intended to make it more difficult or time consuming
to acquire your Vex Thal key. Many players had brought forth concerns
regarding the ability to hoard Celestial Rifts, which had the potential
of causing some long-term issues. This fix addresses those concerns,
and does not add any difficulty for players currently working on this
quest.

** Items **

- Shissar-bane bows should be working.
- Irontoes Tipped Beer Stein should now look like a stein rather than a
bag when equipped.
- The Intricate Shield can now be used by Dwarves, High Elves, Iksar,
Vah Shir, Barbarians and Half Elves.
- Imbued Steelsilk Helms now have plate graphics.
- Large Fine Plate Boots can now be worn by Bards.
- Crustacean Shell Helm now has a graphic.
- Pickbringer’s Chainmail Boots are now wearable by Gnomes.
- Forged Firebrand Halberd now has a halberd graphic rather than an axe
graphic. Also, because it is a two-handed slashing weapon, it can no
longer be used by Bards.

** Dialogues **

There were a few NPCs that were not responding properly to their quest
text. This has been fixed for the following NPCs: Wizard Schrock,
Seamey Whirewhisker, Oglard, Morgalanth Tal`Raeloen, Verona Rankin,
Gunex, Waltor Felligan, Nallar Q`Tentu, Lord Nethryn and Cilin
Spellsinger.

** Miscellaneous **

- NPCs no longer have a chance to break root when being healed or
buffed.
- /split no longer has a chance to cause a loss of coins if done while
a group member is gating.

** Grouping **

We have revamped the grouping system. This is a major rewrite of the
system that should have little effect on gameplay, with the exception
of removing the bugs with the old system. Players should no longer have
issues with their group due to the link-death of any member (including
the leader), zoning and other such issues. There is also a new command
available.

/makeleader – The leader of the group can now reassign who the leader
of the group is by use of this command.

*** News from Faydwer ***

It is rumored that the major cities of Faydwer have announced a call to
arms for all young adventurers. News of mysterious bloodthirsty goblins
to the west setting up encampments has prompted all residents of
Kaladim, Kelethin and Felwithe to all begin preparing themselves for
what they think may be a momentous battle. Intelligence originating
from the Scouts of Kaladim and Kelethin has informed their respective
leaders of a possible alliance between a mysterious aqua goblin tribe
and the Orcs of Clan Crushbone. Due to the possibility of an attack by
either or both of these powerful tribes, guildmasters of all cities
have begun the training of young soldiers brave enough to heed the call
to defend their homeland against all unknown creatures and new
inhabitants.

*** Call to Arms ***

Tarlain moved along through the tunnel at a brisk pace, a wistful smile
painting his weathered features. His arm reached out from under his
travel stained greatcloak so that his hand could traced the side wall
of granite while his mind recalled the many times he had passed through
this tunnel in his youth. It had been many years since and the memories
of his training in the woodland ways within the environs of Surefall
glade filled him with a peaceful nostalgia.

This nostalgia all but vanished as Tarlain rounded the final curve and
broke into the tree filtered sunlight of Surefall Glade and beheld a
most unexpected sight – a line of Qeynos foot soldiers marching past
the Ranger hall and on toward the far end of the Glade. What could
bring the forces of Qeynos here? Knowing this could not bode well,
Tarlain strode quickly to the Ranger hall, his eyes on the receding
backs of the footmen.

Reaching the main hall entrance, Tarlain’s sight latched on to a
proclamation inked in the flowing hand of a Qeynos scribe and bearing
the seal of Antonius IV. It outlined the rising threat of Blackburrow
Gnolls invading and despoiling the previously sequestered Jaggedpine
Forest. Because of this danger Antonius has lifted his father’s ruling
to protect those forests and now calls for able-bodied men and militia
to join in quelling the expansion of the vile Gnolls. Gritting his
teeth at the thought of Gnolls invading the pristine woodlands, Tarlain
turned and with a hand on his longsword, set off to catch up with the
guardsmen and throw in his lot against the dogs of Blackburrow.

(Note: Jaggedpine Forest is only available by using the optional files
download option in the advanced section of the EverQuest patcher. Be
aware that the download required for this new zone is relatively
large.)

……………………………………………………………

——————————
July 27, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

Items fixed over the last few days or with this patch:

- Pets summons are now working correctly. We’ve fixed the error with
their maximum hit scores, along with giving some increases in offensive
skills to allow them to hit more accurately.
- Improved Singing Mastery to match the values given by Instrument
Mastery
- Corrected an issue with bard charm songs
- Various other fixes. :)

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 14, 2002
——————————

- New Luclin Port Spells for Druids & Wizards.
- Luclin Port Spells now usable from anywhere.
- New AA abilities added to Intelligence Casters and Priests.
- New Graphical Compass added to new UI.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
September 4, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

Please note: there are a lot of changes going into the game with
today’s patch. Some of these changes (such as the changes to
resistances and spell stacking) will change aspects of the game that
may make gameplay different. Keep this in mind when you log in. With
system-wide changes like these it is entirely possible that there are
still bugs. Please report these bugs using /bug, and know that we will
work to fix them as fast as we can. But also note that some intended
changes might appear as bugs (perhaps a spell no longer stacks with
another spell). Feel free to report these as bugs if you are unsure.
But please keep in mind the changes listed here as well.

** Petitions **

- /viewpetition displays the petition you have in the queue, if any.
- /deletepetition deletes the petition you have in the queue, if any
(unless that petition is currently being viewed by CS staff).

** Keyrings **

We will be resetting all keyrings with this patch. This will mean that
all existing keys in the keyrings will be removed. You will need to
place keys back onto the keyrings. Keys are added to the keyring by
using the key. The keyring is a part of the character, not a space in
inventory. To find out what keys you have just type /key and the game
will give you a list. If you have recently deleted a key, please
contact your GM for a replacement.

** Experience Changes **

- We have smoothed out level progression from 50-60. This should
mitigate the “penalty effect” that occurs in levels 51, 54 and 59. Note
that it will cost the same experience to level from 50 to 60 as it did
before. Also, death experience loss will appear different in some
levels. This is an unfortunate side effect that must remain to prevent
some experience exploits.
- We have rebalanced the rewards for killing NPCs for characters over
level 50. NPCs that are considerably weaker than you will give you less
experience. NPCs give more experience the higher level they are, and
for the best results you should fight the most challenging monsters you
can reasonably manage.

** Spells **

- Fixed the “You have been healed for X damage” message. It once again
reports the actual amount of damage healed.
- Added a message telling the caster when NPC can’t be charmed.
- Fixed a bug with duration boosting Alternate Advancement abilities
and foci that was only allowing the first 12 buff slots to be modified
as opposed to all 15.
- Fixed a bug that was allowing focused and Alternate Advancement
ability enhanced damage spells to do more damage than they should
(meaning that both the Alternate Advancement and the Focus improve the
base damage. The focus damage was never supposed to compound with the
added AA damage.)
- Enchanter spells that have a hit point component and a stun component
can now be partially resisted.
-The Enchanter “visage” series has had their recast time reduced to
make them more useful.
-Shadowknight and Necromancer Drain type spells can now be clicked off
by the recipient of the beneficial portion of the spell. For example;
Shadowknights and their group members can now click off the effects of
spells such as Torrent of Hate. While the target of spells such as
Shadowbond can click it off if they so choose.
-Torrent of Hate should no longer overwrite Call of the Predator

- Repaired some problems with Beastlord stat buffs – specifically that
the higher level ones weren’t always better than the lower level ones.
- Furious Strength made available to Beastlords at Level 54
- Dexterity made available to Beastlords at Level 57
- Stamina made available to Beastlords at Level 57
- Divine aura is now available to Paladins at level 51, instead of
level 55.
- Harmshield made available to Shadowknights at level 51
- Augment Death made available to Shadow Knights at Level 60
- Death Peace made available to Necromancers at level 60
- Flaming Sword of Xuzl has casting time reduced from 6 to 2.5 seconds,
recast increased from 2.5 to 60 seconds and mana cost lowered from 600
to 250.
- Unswerving Hammer of Faith has casting time reduced from 6 to 2.5
seconds, recast increased from 2.5 to 60 seconds and mana cost lowered
from 600 to 250.
-Added a new line of spells for Shadowknights, Voice of Darkness.
Merchants in Echo Caverns have been able to appropriate many of these
new spells, but Voice of Terris has so far eluded them.
-Added two new Mesmerize type spells for Bards, one at level 40, and
one at level 58. Rumor has it that Serilia Whistlewind has recovered
the melody written by Sionachie, but has been unable to locate the
transcript for the Dreams of Ayonae.
-Whispers in the taverns of Katta Castellum speak of recently
discovered Ancient melodies. Brave adventurers search far and wide for
the song of the ancient combine empire, and the Lullaby of Shadows.

- Higher level PCs will be more resistant to lower level NPCs’ spells.
- Increased the number of spells that can be in effect on a given NPC
to 30.

** Spell Stacking Changes **

We’ve made two changes to the way spells stack.

Damage Over Time (DoT) spells are spells that linger on the target
doing damage. Until today two different characters could not have the
same DoT spell on the same target. As long as one copy of the spell was
active any new version of the spell would not take hold. After today
the same DoT spell cast by different casters can affect the same target
at the same time. Also, if you cast a DoT spell on a target and you
already have that spell active on it, the spell will refresh. (Note: It
will not be possible to stack Lifeburn).

This does not allow for inferior spells to stack along with superior
spells. (Example: Two Necromancers can both land Boil Blood on the same
target. However, Heat Blood, being an inferior spell, will still not
stack.)

Several DoT spells that have debuff components such as Tuyen’s Chant of
Frost and Breath of Ro will not stack due to the balance issues of
having several hundred points of Resistance debuffs on a single NPC.

We’ve also rewritten the way that spells stack with other spells with
the same benefits (for example, to spells that give bonus hit points).
Generally speaking spells may now ‘bounce’ off each other (neither
overwriting the other) and stacking issues should now be easier to
resolve. In specific:

- Warder’s Protection should have considerably fewer stacking and
overwrite issues. Thanks to the folks at the Ranger’s Glade for all of
their help in ‘tracking’ this down.
- Druid Damage Shields should now all stack in the correct order.
- Druid HP buffs are no longer overwriting stronger cleric HP buffs.
- Harness of Spirit and Visions of Grandeur should interact a bit more
sanely.
- Existing effects should no longer be stripped off when the incoming
spell isn’t going to take hold.
- Boon of Garou and other illusions now interact the right way.
- Spells that have both group and single target versions (and no
special coding to tell them otherwise) now mutually overwrite each
other.

** Resistance Changes **

We’ve made some fairly drastic changes to the way the spell resistance
system works. Previously, there was only the smallest benefit to having
resists over a certain value. We’ve reworked resistance in its
entirety, completely replacing the old system with one that is more
logical.

The idea behind the changes is pretty simple: Resists should matter in
a way that makes sense.

Important things to note about the new resistance system:

- Resists matter more for PCs. There are now tangible differences
between having 50, 150, and 250 in a given resistance, for example.
Resistance buffs, bard songs, and resist gear have actual value, all
the way up the line.

- Conversely, resistances also matter more for NPCs. Some NPCs became
more vulnerable to things they have always been vulnerable to, other
NPCs became more resistant to things that they were inclined to be
somewhat resistant to.

- Resistance debuffs should also have more value, all the way up the
line. For the first time, resistance debuffs now have the ability to
bring NPCs that were lure-style only down into the range of being hit
by normal spells.

- The hard level limit involving players casting on NPCs has been
removed. This used to be referred to in EQ folklore as the “Six Level
Limit” (It was actually 1.25 times the caster’s level, but more people
likely thought about it the other way.) This means that in the vast
majority of cases, there is at least a small chance that a person will
be able to connect a spell with an NPC, even if they are out of that
NPC’s traditional level range.

- Overall, against NPCs that have medium-to-high resistances of a given
type, expect to see more full hits, fewer partials, but more full
resists in the new system. Taken over time, the damage done by PC
casters to semi-high resistance NPCs should be approximately the same,
but will definitely improve when the proper debuffs are applied (we
wanted to make sure that this did not turn into a universal nerf of
casters).

We look forward to seeing how these changes play out in front of a
larger audience.

** Line of Sight Changes **

- For spells that require Line of Sight (LoS), the LoS check is now at
the beginning of the spellcast, not the end.
- Spells that require but do not have of LoS will now fail immediately.
- Harmful spells require LoS.
- Most Beneficial spells still do not require LoS.
- Bind Sight type spells do not require LoS.
- Any beneficial spell containing a Cancel Magic component requires
LoS.

** Priest Changes **

- Clerics gain the Bash skill beginning at level 25. They will have a
maximum skill of 125 at level 50, 165 at level 60.
- Clerics gain Hammer of Judgement – a level 56 summoned hammer with a
powerful and frequent proc effect
- Clerics gain Yaulp V – a level 56 self-only melee and mana regen buff
that adds haste, dexterity, mana regeneration and stamina regeneration.
- Clerics gain Ethereal Elixir – a level 60 group version of Celestial
Elixir, the heal-over-time spell.
- Clerics gain Ethereal Light – a level 58 upgrade of Divine Light, the
single target heal spell.
- Clerics gain Ethereal Remedy – a level 59 upgrade of Remedy, the
single target heal spell.

** Sound and Music **

- We’ve started work on the sound and music engine. If you used to have
sound/music bugs, the first upgrade today might help a bit. This is the
first step down a long road. If your particular sound/music issue isn’t
fixed, please be patient. There’s no need to re-report existing
sound/music bugs.

** Items **

- Items now display level-restricted statistics besides armor class and
damage as a red number with the unrestricted value in parentheses.
- Duration focus items now give focus message when a group spell lands
on caster.
- Blessed Coldain Prayer Shawl has been given a minor upgrade.
- Small Cloth Sandals are no longer wearable by large races.
- Fixed the Plane of Mischief boxes.

** Pets **

- Changed Specter pets so they’re able to equip items and armor.
- Pet-only buffs now automatically attempt to target your pet if you
cast them with the wrong target or no target at all.
- Fixed a bug that would prevent the creation of Familiars and Warders
if the caster had created more than 99 in the same zone during the
current game session.
- The limit on the amount of haste that can be applied to a pet has
been changed (aka. The Pet Haste Cap). The amount of haste that can be
placed on a pet now scales with the level of its owner. The scaling
occurs in a way that is consistent with how much haste a given caster
can place on his own pet (using a Level 56 Magician as an example: The
idea is that both Burnout IV and Muzzle of Mardu should be useful).

** User Interface **

- Deleting Spells from Spellbook: Storebought spells can be deleted
from your spellbook. To delete a spell just right-click it to highlight
it and tap the DELETE key. Please note: This does not convert the spell
back into a scroll. You will have to buy a new scroll if you wish to
re-scribe the spell. No reimbursements will be made for deleted spells.
- Item Links: When you inspect an item with Alt-Left-Click, the item
inspect window stays up. To paste a “link” to the item you’re looking
at into your chat bar, click on the item’s graphic. That will “speak” a
link that others can click on to see the stats of the item, as if they
were inspecting it themselves.
- Updated the /note window. The old /note command still works as it
always has. But you can now use /note without additional text to
produce a text window for entering note text. The /note command window
should not break existing skins.
- Fixed a bug with the tracking window that was showing the sorting set
for something other than normal for non-rangers (this was just a visual
bug).
- Fixed a bug that sometimes caused a crash when zoning with the corpse
window open.
- Added UI Label type #74 = Player Title
- “Reply to” will properly prepend a ;tell in front of names that are
from other servers.
- Extended the “reply to” queue to 50 names.
- Fixed some aesthetics with labels. Percentages will never show above
100 now (even during a heal). Corpse HP will always show 0.
- There will now be sound when banking coins.

** Bazaar **

- Added Focus Effect search parameter to the Bazaar.
- Items that are no-drop on other servers but tradable on Firiona Vie
should now show up in Bazaar searches on that server.

** Alternate Advancement **

- Frenzied Burnout no longer makes the pet suicide after the buff’s
duration ends.
- Fixed a bug that would cause the Dire Charm ability not to reset if
an enchanter used it when he already had a pet.
- Fixed a bug that was causing Dire Charm to not give the “this mob
cannot be Dire Charmed” message or reset the timer in Cazic-Thule.
- Added the Quest Completion sound to AA point dings.

** Quests **

- There is a fellow named Moltak in Sol Temple. Killing him gives a
negative faction adjustment with the True Spirit faction. BUT, if you
have a very, very bad faction with True Spirit, killing him will also
reset your faction to a more tolerable level. So don’t mess with this
fellow unless folks on the True Spirit faction are willing to kill you
on sight.
- Made some modifications to the faction effects of the Wizard Epic
quest.
- A powerful warder has been seen in the Skyfire Mountains. Those who
seek retribution against Ragefire would be wise to speak to her, she
may be able to provide information about his whereabouts.

** Miscellaneous **

- Merchants now display up to 80 items in their inventory. There should
also be less delay when opening up merchant windows.
- The Help window will now be displayed on startup. This will happen
only if it has never been seen before (since this change).
- Sirens should have female voices.
- Bloodgill Goblins should now sound like goblins.
- Several spell caster guild masters are now teaching magic skills. In
Shadowhaven: Palomidiar Allakhaji, Loewnsaz_Waldalon and Lamukas
Kaesoanls. In Echo Caverns: Kelador, Celerik, Wirgus and Yurian.
- Erudites of Prexus now start at the proper location.
- Bards singing songs should no longer prevent group members from
/split’ting coins. Only teleportation spells being cast in group will
prevent /split’ting. This change was required to keep coin from
disappearing if a /split occurred while a person was in the process of
leaving a zone.
- Leather Padding can now be made from Rockhopper Hides.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

September 6, 2002 3:00 am
------------------------------


** Experience Balancing **

The combination of the NPC experience changes and the post-50 "penalty
level" rebalancing at once had a stronger effect than we anticipated.


We've altered a few of the changes to more accurately reflect our intent.

- The intent is to promote grouping, not to inflict a harsh nerf on our more
casual players who frequently do not have the time to invest in finding and
forming a group.

- However, we do not believe that going solo should be the single most
optimal way to gain experience in EverQuest, which is what it had become
prior to these changes.


That said, we'd like to take a moment and explain what happened.


On "Penalty Level" Rebalancing (Levels 51, 54, and 59):

- Many people saw much smaller experience gains at level 60. This was due to
the "penalty level" rebalancing effect more than anything that was done to
NPC experience values.

- In the previous patch, Level 60 became a full level, when it had been half
a half level the day before.

- "Penalty levels" have once again been rebalanced such that level 60 is
much closer to the half level that it was before, and experience was instead
redistributed throughout the earlier levels.

- The penalty effect is still mostly mitigated, however the distribution
should be more fair to those who are already level 60, yet do not have a
full bar in that level.


On Grouping and Soloing:

- From the point of view of a level 60 character, a steady stream of level
45 NPCs represented the single best advancement in EverQuest, when the score
is kept in "Experience Per Hour."

- With the advent of Luclin Alternate Abilities, nearly every sufficiently
advanced level 60 could eventually and easily solo these "optimal" NPCs, and
benefit more than they could in any type of grouping.

- We understand that forming a group, travelling to your destination, and
other inconveniences have an effect on progression.

- With that in mind, we've undone the penalties for killing low blue NPCs,
and instead added an additional group bonus to those who fight NPCs that are
reasonably close to the group's level.

- The idea is that people should be willing to take risks, fighting the
hardest NPCs that they possibly can, to reap the best rewards in EverQuest,
as opposed to the blue NPCs that represent the lowest risk.

- For both groups and soloists, we strongly recommend trying out harder
overall zones and the more difficult areas of zones that you might already
be used to.

- We're confident that you're going to find that the additional risk pays
off *extremely* well.

** Resistance Balancing **

Resistances have been altered in PvP to bring the game back into more of a
balance. Please do remember, however; In both PvP and PvE, resist gear above
100 will still remain important. We thank you for your feedback. Please do
continue let us know how the next round feels on a larger scale.


- The EverQuest Team


——————————
September 26, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

** Planes of Power Pre-Order Bonus **

If you pre-order the PoP expansion you will be able to purchase the
Planes of Power original soundtrack CD for just an additional $4.95.

*** Important Notice about Alternate Advancement ***

- When a character has 30 or more AA points, they will receive a red
message stating:

Warning: You are currently over the earned Advancement point limit of
30. Please spend some of your stored AA points. You will not be able to
earn further AA points until you have fewer than 30. On October 21,
2002, all points over 30 in your AA pool will be deleted.

It seems appropriate that Advancement points earned prior to the
release of Planes of Power be used for abilities from earlier
expansions. In addition, many of the Luclin abilities are pre-
requisites for Planes of Power abilities. When the servers come up on
October 21st, all unused Alternate Advancement point pools over 30 will
be wiped.

** New Spell Effects **

We are implementing a few new spell effects using our new particle
effects engine with this patch as a way of easing into the new system.
The new effects are faster and give you more control over how they
look. We have changed the Display Options menu to accommodate these new
options.

On the Display tab of the options window you will now find four options
regarding particle effects. The first three, listed under Spell
Particles are Near Clip Plane, Density and Opacity. These are the
options for controlling the new particle effects. They will not change
the old particle effects. The old particles are controlled using the
Other Particles option.

Note on Near Clip Plane: This option chooses how close to you particles
cease to be visible. So Near allows particles to be seen right up to
the character. Farthest will clip out particles near the character and
only show those at the ‘farthest’ distance.

Note on Opacity: This feature works at all settings for cards that
support TnL. For other cards setting Opacity to 0% will turn off the
effects and any other setting will show them fully.

We’ll leave it up to you to discover which spells have the new
particles…

** Alternate Advancement **

- Beastlords now have access to the Mend Companion ability.
- Beastlords now have access to three unique class alternate
advancements.
- Permanent Illusion used with Wolf Form should no longer result in a
wolf tinted by the Enchanter’s robe.
- Updated Finishing Blow –
“This ability gives you a chance to finish off an NPC that is below 10
percent health and fleeing with a single blow. The first level works on
NPC’s below 50, the second on NPC’s below 52, and the third on NPC’s
below 54. (Non-Warriors must first train one level of Combat Fury to
use this ability.) ”
- Improved Combat Fury for non-warriors to give more value to the
points spent after level 1.

** Spells **

- New Druid and Shaman heal spells are available.
- The “Your XXX Spell Has Worn Off” messages for DoT spells will now go
to the right character.
- Illusions that are of a character type that can’t wear armor, such as
werewolf, will no longer cause the character to be naked when the
illusion drops.
- Fixed the Illusion wolf form swimming animation.
- Shaman and Beastlord Shrink spell has had its location restriction
removed.
- The outcasts of Echo Caverns have deciphered new magics that allow
Dark Knights to channel the essence of terror into their enemies minds.
While their initial findings have proven very powerful, rumors exist of
even greater magics that might channel the nightmares of Terris Thule
herself into the minds of mortals. Where that power might be found is
not yet known.

** Items **

- Items that grant bonuses to bandage skill should be working now.
- Guise of the Hunter no longer makes the user appear to be naked.
- Validus Custodus Battle Axe no longer looks like a bard mandolin when
equipped by a pet.

** PvP Servers and Gameplay **

- The recent resist changes have been adjusted for PvP. They will not
be exactly as they were prior to the resist change, but they should be
reasonable now. Please let us know if you feel they need further
adjustment.
- Player characters will no longer lose experience in the Arena areas
on the Sullon Zek server.
- A player character can no longer tell his pet to attack another
player’s horse when not on a PvP area or in a duel.
- Kael, Skyshrine, and Thurgadin on Sullon Zek no longer have the
newbie protection code active.
- Players should once again be able to use level-restricted clickable
buffs on the Sullon Zek server.

** Pets **

- Improved Beastlord pets to scale more reasonably with the level of
the Beastlord after level 40. This also puts them into line with the
last round of pet balancing, which did not improve beastlord pets at
the time.

** Horses **

- Locate corpse songs/spells should now work on horseback.
- Detect traps should also now work on horseback.
- Fixed a bug that was preventing manipulation of inventory items if a
character died with coins on the cursor.
- Invisibility on horseback should now make your horse invisible to
NPCs as it does the rider.
- Zoning with Levitate/Levitation and horse no longer causes the
levitation to fail.
- Fixed a bug that would cause the horse ‘buff’ to disappear when
zoning in some zones.
- Player characters on horseback can now be hit by various missiles,
such as arrows, thrown weapons or the various bolt spells from PCs and
NPCs.
- Call of the Hero should no longer put people under the world when the
caster is on horseback.
- Dragging a corpse while on a horse will no longer cause the corpse
fall under the world.
- You can now right click on spells to arrange your spell book when on
a horse.

** Zone Specific **

- We believe that we fixed the major source of lockups caused for
players in certain zones such as the Great Divide and Shadowhaven.
- Hierophant Oxyn in East Cabilis will be showing up again.

*** The Following User Interface Files have been changed with this patch ***

Updated:
equi.xml
equi_aawindow.xml
equi_optionswindow.xml

New:
equi_gemsgamewnd.xml

** User Interface **

- The New User Interface will default to ON. Officially, it is now just
The User Interface and the other interface is now the Old User
Interface. :)
- The Fade to Transparency option should now affect all bags.
- PC/NPC name on/off settings will now be saved when leaving the game.
- CTRL key being pressed while looking up or down no longer creates a
cycle of constant panning up or down of the camera.
- Wrapping in the middle of the first word in an Item Tag no longer
causes all text from then on being included in the tag.
- Fixed bug with Item Tags for items that contain comma’s in their
name.
- Pet sit button will now change to stand button if the pet is already
sitting.
- Added Item Tags to list of buttons in the Chat Options page, you can
now change the color of the tags.
- Item Tags now appear as part of the standard “You have looted an X”
messages.
- Hair should no longer disappear in Character Creation of Female Ogre
with Luclin models on.
- The Tracking window selection color is no longer the same as a yellow
con mob.

** Miscellaneous **

- Fixed a bug with /hidecorpse making corpses invisible, but still be
targetable.
- /Gems is now available in both User Interfaces.

** An Ancient Arises **

Deep within the recesses of a cave yet unknown to the world at large, a
dark, menacing figure parts with the slumber that has kept him silent
for ages. The eyes of a magnificently ominous beast pierce through the
darkness, his memories flowing freely once more. In the depths of this
beast’s mind sparks the knowledge that his prophetic savior has been
released from the ancient magiks of time, let loose upon an
unsuspecting world where the kin shall once again reign supreme.

“My master’s shackles have been trounced, and so it is written that in
this world that has been so deftly overrun by pitiful mortals, he shall
bring power back to those of the scale.” The deep rumbling voice of the
beast lingers throughout the cavernous hideaway, the barely
distinguishable figure of a mighty lizard moves through the stone and
dirt and dust as if to leave the gloomy surroundings and find his place
once again upon Norrath proper.

“For far too long have I been a prisoner to the overwhelming might that
kept me in a state of secluded sleep; for far too long have I been
victim to the ancestral elemental forces keeping my master at bay. Now
I awaken and bring life back to the disciples; now shall the lifeblood
of the Four once again spread the word of prophecy!” The footsteps of
this great beast are slow but sure, moving through the depths of the
gaping mountain retreat towards the surface. Along the walls, pebbles
and stones that have remained dormant for years crumble and crack,
falling to the ground as the immense beast walks past.

A maze of dead ends and broken paths twists and turns in the expanse
beyond the figure’s resting place. The skeletons of those who had tried
- and failed – to make their way to him in the years he spent in forced
slumber remain, tumbled landmarks of heroes long lost. Slowly he moves,
his reptilian eyes darting back and forth looking for any meager meals
that may still be available. As he proceeds, he steps atop a mighty
echelon, overlooking the bodies that could not defy the magical
properties of the cave; fools of mortal thought, incapable of fathoming
the power that lay beyond them. “Time has been good to you, my faithful
warren… let us both pray that I no longer need you. The time for the
revival is at hand.”

……………………………………………………………

——————————
September 27, 2002 1:00 am
——————————

This patch fixes a number of issues that first arose in yesterday’s
patch. We apologise for the additional Scheduled Downtime Page.

- Zones should be considerably more stable.

- Item links no longer cause display lockups.

- NPCs once again choose their targets properly.

- Gravity Flux-type spells again function properly.

- The Guildmasters of Sanctus Seru are no longer quite as mean as they
were previously.

- Ring of Flamewarding is again wearable by Wizards.

Thank you for your patience, and have a good weekend!

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 16, 2002 4:30 am
——————————

** Odd New Objects in the Land **

Folks across Norrath and on Luclin have reported seeing odd new objects
in various locations. They appear to be some sort of magical portal,
though local spell casters have yet to discover how they arrived or
exactly what their purpose is. They have determined, however, that
these objects are slowly building in power. Attempting to use these
portals at this time can have unexpected results. Experts recommend
that adventurers avoid these objects until they know more. For more
information on these odd devices, visit www.planesofpower.com

** Important Notice Regarding Alternate Advancement Reimbursement **

Due to the changes made to Manaburn, Rods of Mystical Transvergence and
a previous change to Innate Regeneration, we are reimbursing several
Alternate Advancement (AA) abilities.

Once you log in today, if you have any of these abilities, please check
your AA window immediately! If you have more than 30 unspent points, IT
IS VERY IMPORTANT that you make certain that your character has 30 or
fewer AA points before The Planes of Power launches on October 21st!
The return of these AA points may put your total number of unspent
points over the 30 point maximum. Your pool will be reduced to 30 the
first time you log in after the launch of Planes of Power on October
21st.

We will be refunding all Alternate Advancement points in the following
abilities:

Innate Regeneration
Manaburn
Mental Clarity
Quick Summoning

Refunded Alternate Advancement points may be spent in any way you
choose. None of these abilities is being removed, and of them only
Manaburn is changing.

NOTE: Cannibalization, Gather Mana, and Mind and Body Rejuvenation will
not function if you do not have the necessary prerequisite, Mental
Clarity 3.

** Alternate Advancement **

- Mana Burn will only land any given target only once every minute. If
a cast of Mana Burn is unable to land, the timer will not be used.
- Spell Casting Mastery once again works in the same manner that it did
before the previous patch
- Spell Casting Fury and Soul Abrasion will now stack
- Illusion Tree and Minor Illusion will no longer be affected by
Permanent Illusion
- Fixed Purify Soul. It should now cure poison, disease, damage over
time spells as initially intended
- Reduced the reuse timer on Divine Resurrection from 72 hours to 36
hours
- Reduced the reuse timer on Mend Companion from 144 minutes to 36
minutes
- Reduced the reuse timer of Warcry from 72 minutes to 36 minutes.
Increased its duration from 5 seconds per rank of the ability to 10
seconds per rank of the ability

** Defensive Changes **

- Decreased Monks’ ability to mitigate damage (please see the
Developer’s Update on www.everquestlive.com for more details)
- Improved the ability of Paladins, Shadowknights, Warriors and Bards
to mitigate damage in some situations
- Upgraded Warrior dodge cap to 190
- Upgraded Paladin, Shadowknight and Bard dodge cap to 170
- Upgraded Ranger and Beastlord dodge to 170 and defense to 240

** Spells **

- Complete Healing will now heal a maximum of 7,500 hit points
- The Rod of Mystical Transvergence spell has been altered. The spell
has been renamed to “Mass Mystical Transvergence”. When cast, this
spell summons a Rod of Mystical Transvergence for everyone within 300
feet. This rod is no drop and contains 3 charges of Mystical
Transvergence. Each charge restores 360 mana at the cost of 450 health.
A player may only use a charge from the rod once every 5 minutes.
- Additionally, there is a new “Rod of Mystical Transvergence” spell
for sale in the Bazaar. This is a single target spell that summons a
rod with 3 charges of Mystical Transvergence. This rod has the same
abilities and restrictions listed above. This spell is a targeted
summon that costs 400 points of mana to cast.
- Changed the way Focus stacks with other strength and dexterity buffs
- Circle of Seasons will overwrite Resist Cold
- Dance of the Blade should now stack with McVaxius’s Rousing Rondo
- Harness of Spirit and Rage should now stack properly
- Fufil’s Curtailing Chant should now stack with Occlusion of Sound
- Protection of the Glades should now overwrite Blessed Armor of the
Risen
- Blessed Armor of the Risen should now stack with Lunar Whispers
- Fixed a bug that was causing some applications of spells and ranged
attacks from great distance to go unnoticed by NPCs
- Contact Innates (such as Boon of the Garou) should now be working for
bards
- Fixed a bug that would sometimes cause helmets and sometimes hair to
disappear after an illusion was cast
- Bard songs should now blink on recipients other than the bard

** Encounters **

Due to the number of Luclin encounters requiring original Rods of
Transvergence to be defeated by a reasonably sized force, a number of
those encounters have been be re-tuned to shorten their duration.

** Interface **

- New Alarm feature added. When you first log in you will see a pop up
asking if you wish to set an alarm and if so for how long. There is
also an option to choose to never see that pop up again. If you choose
this option you will need to set ShowAlarmWindow=TRUE in your
eqclient.ini file in order to see the pop up again. The alarm will
trigger after the time you set has elapsed, no matter what character
you are playing on whatever server, up until the moment you log out.
- /played now displays how long you have been playing this session and,
if an alarm has been set, how long until that alarm sounds.
- /pet sit down should now work on charmed NPCs
- Added 3 new context menu options for chat windows: Reply To, Tell a
friend, Tell a Raidmember (for future use). Each of which has a submenu
containing the list of Reply targets, Friends, or Raidmembers, as
appropriate. Clicking on the player’s name will place “/tell ” on the
chat entry line, and move the focus there, closing the menu.
- Changed /loadskin. It now brings up a window that will allow you to
select a skin from a list, determine whether to use the INI or not,
then load the skin.

** Beastlords **

In order to allow us to better tune warders, we have made changes to
the way that these pets work. Previously a Beastlord would summon a pet
using an ability button and then use level-appropriate buff spells to
increase the pet’s level. Because of the way this mechanic works, it
was very difficult to tune these pets. Hopefully this will have the
side benefit of making things a little easier on Beastlords by reducing
the number of steps required to cast the pet.

Beastlords will now summon their pets using spells rather than an
ability. The series of spells that was previously used to buff the pets
will now simply summon the appropriate pet.

Unfortunately, these pets will no longer zone with the Beastlord, and
will need to be resummoned (instead of rebuffed) after zoning.

We have made some adjustments to these pets already.

- Added the casting time reduction that is already in place for
Paladins, Rangers and Shadowknights to Beastlords

** Items **

- Merchants now highly value the Staff of Forbidden Rites and will only
sell them at an extremely high price.
- Dance of the Blade should once again stack with Nature’s Melody and
Song of the Deep Seas

** Trade Skills **

- Made it slightly easier to get skill increases while doing Tailoring,
Tinkering, Smithing, Baking, Brewing and Alchemy. Made it slightly more
difficult to get skill increases with Pottery and Fletching

** Miscellaneous **

- Fixed an issue that was causing zones to crash in some circumstances
- Fixed an issue that was causing merchants to behave erratically while
handling certain quantities of items
- Player Character corpses with no items will decay in 3 real life
hours, not 7 days
- Fixed a bug that was causing Lay Hands to not heal enough damage
- Zoning while on a horse on a boat will no longer cause you to appear
on the other side in the water
- /face (face picker) will no longer work while under the effects of an
illusion
- Taunt should be more effective and more dependent on the level of the
Taunt skill for PC’s and NPC’s below level 60.
- Levitation can no longer be cast on Traders in the Bazaar

** List of UI files updated or added with this patch **

UPDATED

EQUI.xml
EQUI_Animations.xml
EQUI_FriendsWnd.xml
EQUI_PetInfoWindow.xml
EQUI_OptionsWindow.xml

NEW FILES

EQUI_LoadskinWnd.xml
EQUI_AlarmWnd

** Fan Faire **

Greetings Norrathians! The portal to the San Francisco Fan Faire has
been updated to include a full schedule, forums, hotel information and
more. Registration is still open but the reservations are going fast.
If wish to join the fun, teleport over to:
http://everquest.station.sony.com/fanfaire/ to reserve your spot and
see what’s new! Those of you who have already registered, we’ll see you
on the weekend of November 8th in San Francisco!

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 17, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

- Some NPCs were unable to cast Area Effect spells and other innate
abilities. This would have caused many of the recently retuned NPCs to
be considerably easier than intended.

- Updated the range on the Magician spell Rod of Mystical
Transvergence.

- Rods of Transvergence and Modulation Rods can no longer be used by
those who do not have enough maximum hit points to survive the mana
conversion. Please note: That is MAXIMUM hit points! It is still
possible for appropriate level characters to rod themselves to death.

- Barbarian Beastlords will once again return to summoning their own
dogs. Not someone else’s. If you were summoning a dog that didn’t
appear familiar, please do not worry. Your own dog has returned. He
missed you. Please feed him.

- Altered the stacking for the Shaman spell Voice of the Berserker to
match the other spells in its line.

- Aura of White Petals has been updated to have its strength as it was
prior to its stacking changes.

- In the original patch yesterday morning, /SHIELD was added as an
innate ability that all Warriors now gain at level 35. Warriors may now
choose to take a portion of melee damage that is intended for another.
Warriors, please type /SHIELD for a full description of this ability.
You may find that it assists you greatly in your groups.

Correspondingly, NPCs and Pets over level 30 who are Warriors were
granted this ability as well. Certain NPCs and Pets may choose to
protect beings that they have an affinity for, if they believe that it
will benefit the shielded being. For now, however, there is not yet a
way to manually cause or prevent this behavior in pets.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 21, 2002 Press Release – Planes of Power Live
——————————

SAN DIEGO, CA – October 21, 2002– Sony Online Entertainment Inc. (SOE),
a worldwide leader in massively multiplayer online gaming, announced
today that EverQuest®: The Planes of Power™ will be available in retail
stores tomorrow. The Planes of Power introduces high-level EverQuest
gamers to an arching storyline and takes players on an adventure of
epic proportions with hundreds of powerful new weapons, spells and
creatures, 20 action-packed zones and an increased level cap maximum to
65 allowing players to become more powerful than ever before.

“EverQuest fans have been waiting for an expansion that reveals more of
the lore and history of Norrath,” said Scott McDaniel, vice president
of marketing, Sony Online Entertainment. “The development team has
worked hard to deliver an expansion pack that is incredibly rich in
content and rewards our veteran players. We’re confident EverQuest
players will find The Planes of Power an exciting addition.”

In The Planes of Power, a portal has been unveiled and now travelers
can experience a world unlike anything they have ever seen. Players can
share in the knowledge of this extraordinary discovery as they fight
the most powerful deities to bring justice to Norrath. Players will
fiercely battle the minions of Rallos Zek in the Plane of Tactics, join
arms with Karana to regain control of the Plane of Storms, and overcome
vile pestilence in the Plane of Disease in their quest to unlock the
mysteries of the Planes.

EverQuest: The Planes of Power Features List:

• More than 20 new action-packed “planes” challenging players and
pushing teamwork abilities to the limit

• Enormous planar city, the Plane of Knowledge, provides a hub for easy
travel and player interaction

• A new cast of visually stunning non-player characters including
Clockwork Golems, Mephits, and Elemental Guardians for earth, wind, air
and fire

• Challenging new quest system that allows unprecedented depths of
gameplay

• Over 50 new monsters, hundreds of new items and spells, and expanded
trade skill system, and hundreds of new items

• All-new raid system that allows up to 60 players to share exciting
adventures and gain experience

• Increased level cap to 65 including new spells and abilities

• A central storyline links the content from every zone into one epic
quest

EverQuest players looking for a helpful tool to navigate Norrath and
beyond will find valuable insight in the EverQuest Atlas. With over 150
detailed maps, the EverQuest Atlas is the most comprehensive collection
of maps available for EverQuest and expansions: The Ruins of Kunark™,
The Scars of Velious®, The Shadows of Luclin™ and The Planes of Power™.
Each map offers valuable insight into the quests, monsters, riches and
dangers of each location. EverQuest Atlas is available now in retail
stores across the U.S.

For more information please visit the official Planes of Power Website
at www.planesofpower.com.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 23, 2002
——————————

** Patch Information **

- Fixed a number of bugs associated with the new sound system. If you
were having troubles yesterday and disabled sound and music, please
feel free to give it another try today.

- NPC sounds should no longer clip out too fast.

- The Sound Realism slider in the Options window is once again working.
Turning it all the way off will disable Reverb, as the old /reverb
command used to.

- Quieted down people’s personal sounds (sounds that you hear yourself
making) a few notches.

- In minor updates throughout yesterday, also addressed a number of
spells whose effects were no longer making their usual noises.

- Assorted content tweaks.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 25, 2002 3:00 am
——————————

- Added a toggle command for combat music called /combatmusic
- Sounds that fade out will just fade back in if restarted (instead of
fading out and starting over as before). This should make combat mode
toggling much more pleasant
- Added /mixahead command. You should only use this command if you are
experiencing sounds skipping. The default value for this command is 8.
Basically, this command tells the sound engine how far ahead to pre-mix
your sound. The larger the number the further ahead it mixes. So if you
are experiencing skipping, you may want to try increasing the mixahead
value in small increments (increase it by 2 or 4 at a time). A setting
of about 16 is probably as large as you should need, greater than that
will cause your sounds to be noticeably delayed.
- Swarm and Reanimation-type pets no longer give exp when killed
- Swarm and Reanimation-type pets now properly credit their leader when
they kill an NPC
- Fixed an issue with /raid that was causing some folks to crash
- Fixed a bug that was allowing players without Planes of Power to be
invited to /raids
- Added minimum and maximum price search parameters for the Bazaar
- Fixed a stability issue on the servers

……………………………………………………………

——————————
November 5, 2002
——————————

- Monk fists as hand-to-hand weapons now scale to 15 damage/20 delay at
level 65.

- Corrected a bug with a few spells that were group or ranged but would
only work on the caster.

- Corrected faction issues with some form changes (illusions).

- Fixed the Magic and Stealth manual quests in Plane of Knowledge.

- Changed how Force Shield, Barrier of Force and Manaskin interact with
Beastlord mana regeneration spells.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
November 14, 2002
——————————

- Addressed an issue with the Vallon Zek encounter.
- A certain Ogre in Drunder now returns a vial of blood under the
correct circumstances.
- The Ring of Torden should now function correctly.
- Experience rewards have been increased in Plane of Storms to bring
the zone more in line with the effort required, and also more in line
with other planes of the same tier.
- The servers were not reset for this update.

The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

December 4, 2002 3:00 am
------------------------------

** Zones **

- Updated the sage quests in the Plane of Knowledge.
- Addressed several bugs with the Rallos Zek encounter.
- Vallon Zek's script should now work correctly.


** Spells **

- Fixed a bug with lull and harmony type spells that could cause zone-wide agro.
- Reduced the fizzle rate on Beastlord spells to match that of all other hybrid classes.
- Fixed a bug that was allowing some charmed NPCs to break mez.
- Blinding spells will now affect characters on horseback.
- Spells that automatically target your pet will now work (on your regular pet) when you have a Servant of Ro.
- You should be able to heal and buff your regular pet when using Host of Elements or Wake the Dead.
- Eldritch rune should now absorb more damage
- The last patch changes to Mental Corruption made it too powerful for a level 52 spell. The damage has been toned down, and the mana recourse has been changed to scale from level 52 to 60


** Music Player **

- Typing /mp3 with no arguments will now bring up the Music Player.
- When saving play lists, the player will automatically remove any extension on the filename entered and replace it with .m3u. Since only files with the .m3u extension can be loaded as playlists by the Music Player, this should remove some "can't load a list I just saved" issues.


** Miscellaneous **

If you are working to explore Planes of Power without progressing through the storyline, you may find that the alternate methods to enter some zones now goes a little bit faster.


The EverQuest Team



December 12, 2002 3:00 am
------------------------------


** Spells **

- Fixed a number of inconsistencies with Bard song messages. Thanks to the players that submitted the comprehensive list of oddities.
- Mind Wrack should no longer overwrite Force Shield or the Wizard Epic effect.
- Splurt should now stack better with most Damage over Time spells.
- Infectious Cloud should no longer overwrite Demi-Lich.
- Despair should no longer overwrite Yaulp V.
- Several spell particle effects should appear correctly on the target now.
- Several Bard songs have had their animations corrected.
- Grim Aura should no longer overwrite the Spiritual Brawn series.
- Riftwind's Protection should no longer overwrite the Augmentation series.
- Added new particle effects to the Gnomish Firework spells.
- The Psalm series of bard songs should no longer be overwritten by Elemental Chorus or Purifying Chorus. Additionally, Psalm of Veeshan should overwrite all other lower level Psalms.
- Searing Flames' fire debuff has been reduced in power, but it should stack with most other debuffs now.
- The Malo line should no longer overwrite the druid circle series of spells.


** Items **

- Shield of the Immaculate now has a 1 second casting time.
- Anizok's Gauze Press should now summon 20 bandages regardless of your level.


** Miscellaneous **

- Aten Ha Ra now draws strength from her allies. It may be unwise to attempt to defeat her without first killing them.
- Removed most of the negative stat effects from the Shaman made potions. This should make them more useful and allow them to stack better with other magic.
- Added a few more keys to the player key ring for convenience.
- Water needed to make a Box of Souls no longer needs to be either Sacred or Holy. 


——————————
December 19, 2002
——————————

** Zones **

- Spectral Parchments, Ethereal Parchments, and Glyphed Rune word drops
have been increased significantly in the third tier Planes of Power
zones.
- The trials within the Halls of Honor have been changed slightly.
Please proceed with caution.
- Several Planes of Power NPCs are no longer angered quite as badly
when they notice a healing spell being cast on a player they are angry
with.
- Made improvements to the Planes of Power quest armors.
- Assorted quest, item, and dialogue fixes.

** Planes of Power Zone Progression **

As most know, progressing through Planes of Power zones requires that
certain tasks be performed. In many cases, one of the tasks required
involves being on a raid that defeats a particularly powerful foe.

One side effect of this progress is that if the tasks were not
accomplished in a particular order, a person on a raid may not gain the
flag for completing the event, as they did not complete the
prerequisite tasks.

The majority of “zone boss” style encounters in the first three tiers
of Planes of Power zones have been changed to allieviate this problem
of completing tasks out of order.

As of today, if you defeat one of these foes and do not have all of the
prerequisites completed to receive the flag at the end of the event,
you will be able to go back and complete the tasks that you have not
yet performed.

Once you’ve done that, you may speak with the Seer in the Plane of
Knowledge who will make sure that you are then able to progress as if
you had performed the tasks in their proper order.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………



……………………………………………………………

——————————
January 9, 2003
——————————

** Demise of the Classic/Velious Interface **

Over the last six months we have been keeping the Classic EverQuest
interface as well as the Velious interface working through all of the
features that we have added (built-in MP3 player, item links, compass,
enhanced /bug reporting tool, and others). However, with the release of
some of the new features in this patch, such as running EQ in a window,
we must now say goodbye to the older interfaces. They have been
disabled as of today.

They served us well.

** EQ in a Window **

EverQuest can now be run in a window. To place EverQuest in a window,
simply press Alt-Enter. You can also switch out of EverQuest to another
program by using the familiar Alt-Tab. It is important that you do not
do this until you are in-game, do not do this during the login process.

It is important to note a few things. Running the game in a window may
reduce game performance a bit. And, as always, the more programs you
have running at the same time the more resources they use.

At this time, due to some changes that need to be made on the front
end, it is not possible to run two instances of EverQuest. We will be
working to make the necessary changes over the next few weeks.

** Songs Window **

We have added a new window to the interface along with new game
functionality. The Songs window is a new buff window that holds up to 6
bard song buffs. This increases the potential maximum effects that a
character can have to 21 (15 standard and the 6 new ones). The new
window only holds certain bard songs (generally the 3-tick songs). Only
beneficial songs will qualify for the new buff box, and not all of
those. Any buff in the new Songs window is considered temporary and
will not be saved when you zone.

Songs that qualify to go into the new window will go into that window
first. Any qualifying songs over six will be rerouted to the main
Effects window. Cancel Magic effects will see these new buff slots as
buff slots #16-21.

Note for User Interface skin creators: The Label EQTypes 80-85 are the
Songs window song names.

- Some magical effects on Planar class armor have been altered. In most
cases the effects were upgraded, but a few items were given weaker
effects that were more in line with the difficulty of obtaining them.
- Fixed a bug that was causing a few Planes of Power NPCs to take too
long to respawn.
- Wu’s Attack should now work correctly.
- Incoming damage now interacts with Wrath of the Wild and other rune-
type spells in their proper order.
- Pact of Shadow and Shadow Compact will once again heal player
characters.
- Charmed Pets will no longer remain charmed after the owner dies.
- Sending special characters via EQIM will no longer
freeze the game.
- Hitting Autoattack when in explore mode at Character Select will no
longer cause the game to crash.
- The Loadskin window will now load skins other than the default
properly.
- Fixed and issue that caused some NPC’s text to be cut short.
- Fixed (but did not rename) the Broken Golem. He should no longer be
hated in Fear, just feared…
-Lowered the duration of calm-type spells that effect creatures level
50 and over.

** User Interface File Changes **

ShortDurationBuffwnd.xml – NEW
EQUI.xml
BugReportwnd.xml
Lootwnd.xml
Selectorwnd.xml
PetInfownd.xml
Window_ Pieces04.tga

……………………………………………………………

——————————
January 15, 2003
——————————

*** Announcing The Legacy of Ykesha ***

The Legacy of Ykesha will be the first download-only extension for
EverQuest. This product will not be available in stores. This extension
will include some great new gameplay features, as well as new zones for
characters ranging from level 35 up to level 60.

Legacy of Ykesha Features include:

A new playable race: Frogloks
Enhanced Looking For Group Tool
New Cartography System
New Magic Item slot: Charms
Armor Dyes
Dozens of new creatures
Expanded bank capacity
New zones
New spells

For more information, please visit www.legacyofykesha.com

** Gameplay/Features **

- With our last patch and the patch today, we’ve significantly reduced
the amount of bandwidth that EverQuest needs to use, even in large raid
or extremely-crowded-zone situations.
- Fixed a problem with tints not properly updating when armor is
removed.
- Fixed a bug with character faces displaying incorrectly to other
players when you zone in after them.
- Fixed resurrection timer that was counting down against the 3 hour
limit when player was not logged in.
- Corrected a problem with health and movement updates being delayed.

** Spells **

- NPCs will now notice Druid and Shaman Percentage Heal spells in a
manner similar to traditional healing spells.
- Removed the chance for slow spells to be reversed from the 17 NPCs
that had this ability.
- Fixed a bug that was preventing Curses, Diseases, and Poisons from
being removed.
- Raised all recast times below 2.25 seconds up to 2.25 seconds. This
is a change in the spell data as the first part of a two-part change
needed to correct the “Recast time not met” problem. More information
is available at the Developer’s Corner at www.everquest.com.

** Alternate Advancement/Special Abilities **

- The range on the Bard Ability “Boastful Bellow” has been increased
slightly.
- Fixed a bug with Harm Touch that was not allowing it to increase the
standard amount per level over level 60.

** User Interface **

- Fixed a bug with effects in the Songs window. They were not getting
removed on the client when the bard was dispelled.
- Introduced new Story window. The purpose of this window is to provide
story updates in a readily available location. ALT-N toggles the
window. You can select to have the window pop up when new story
elements are added if you wish.
- Item Links are once again creatable from Items and from other Item
Links. Please do not attempt to “mine” the servers for undiscovered
items. Links now have a built-in mechanism to prevent those who would
go on fishing expeditions by sending up many bad links in an attempt to
discover new items. These invalid links are logged, as are the accounts
of those who create them.
- Added an optional confirmation box before spending AA points. To turn
on this confirmation box, please check the Options window.

** Miscellaneous **

- Sage Quests in Plane of Knowledge have been fixed.
- The event to fight Bertoxxulous in the Crypt of Decay will reset 4 to
6 hours after the event is failed. It will respawn normally if the
event is won.

** New/Changed Interface Files **

- EQUI_StoryWnd.xml (actually added with the Jan. 9th patch)
- EQUI_OptionsWnd.xml

……………………………………………………………

——————————
January 28, 2003 3:00 am
——————————

** ANNOUNCEMENT **

The response to The Legacy of Ykesha(tm) extension has been
overwhelming; we want to thank all of you who have pre-ordered.

In order to better serve ALL of our customers, including those who do
not have a credit card, we’ve decided to make a relatively small number
of The Legacy of Ykesha CD-ROMs available at retail as well. Please
note, though, that The Legacy of Ykesha CD will likely not be available
at retail in the US until as much as a week or more after the “live”
date; the delay may be longer for our international customers.

If you have already pre-ordered from us, but you would prefer to wait
for the retail CD, you can cancel your pre-order by following these
instructions:

1. Go to the Station Store (https://store.station.sony.com/)
2. Go to Billing Info and sign in.
3. View Current pre-orders.
4. Click Cancel button; you will receive a cancellation email.

You may still pre-order the digital download version of The Legacy of
Ykesha from the Station.com Store (the download version only – we will
not be selling CDs through pre-order) for the special pre-order price
of $17.99.

** Gameplay and User Interface **

- Further optimizations to reduce bandwidth and ‘lag’. It is difficult
to describe the value of this change, but it should show a noticeable
improvement for many. We’ve also resolved many of the hit point update
and movement issues that occurred recently.
- Made an improvement to the animation code that may reduce the slight
delays that can occur when a new player enters a zone.
- Spells on spell book pages 33 to 50 can now be deleted for those who
were having troubles.
- Corrected a bug that could cause a crash if a character tried to
purchase an item or close the merchant window just as he was leaving
the trading range of that merchant.
- Players should no longer get out of range message when trying to
target a player on a horse just because the horse has moved a little
(but is still in range).
- Corrected an issue in Fungus Grove that was allowing some ranged
attacks to land unnoticed by NPCs.

** Spells **

- Lull, Soothe, Calm, Pacify, Harmony, Calm Animal, and Rest the Dead
should no longer give the: “Your spell did not take hold,” message.
- Bard Songs with a “Rune” component should be working properly.
- Sha’s Advantage and Savagery are now available on vendors in the
Plane of Knowledge.
- Illusion spells used with Luclin models should now show the
appropriate hair.
- Infusion of spirit should no longer overwrite Speed of Vallon.
- Sense Summoned will now sense elementals of most types.
- Eye of Zomm and Stalking Probe cast from a horse will now be able to
look up and down.
- Call of Rizlona now has casting text for the person that procs this
spell.

** Alternate Advancement **

- Monk discipline Resistance should increase resistances properly now.
- The Shaman AA ability Spirit Call should now finish casting if you
regain concentration after interruption.
- Corrected a problem where right-clicking on an AA hotkey would
highlight the wrong ability on the list in the window.
- There will now be a confirmation window available when spending AA
points. There is a new selection in the Options menu called Fast AA
Purchase for toggling this confirmation.

** Items **

- Spirit of Snow and Spirit of Flame will be dropping more frequently
now.
- Merchant’s Crate of Supplies will now fit into containers that can
hold giant-sized items.
- Removed Paladin and Ranger from the list of characters that could use
the Hateful Balanced Zweihander. It is only usable by worshippers of
Innoruuk, and was never meant to be used by these classes.
- The Resplendent War Maul now has a more appropriate inventory icon.
- Crypt Master’s Conjuring Stone is now more valuable to NPC vendors,
and they will not sell it as cheaply as they did in the past.

** Quests **

- Killing Kazen Fecae is no longer a viable path to the completion of
the Necromancer Epic quest.
- Tibrinn Ember now gives a faction modifier for the completion of his
quest.
- Hanns Krieghor will no longer grant faction increases just by talking
to him.
- There are now a few Iksar in the Plane of Knowledge that are
interested in your Iksar racial armor.

** Bazaar **

- Corrected a bug in the Bazaar that caused price changes made by
traders to only affect one stack of the same item.
- Target Group Buff and the AA ability Mass Group Buff can no longer be
used with levitate spells to push traders out of their stalls in the
Bazaar.

** NPCs **

- The specters and shades in Velketor should no longer be dropping
cloth armor.
- Centi Dators should no longer spawn inside walls.
- Oozing Flesh in the Tower of Frozen Shadow should no longer drop
Sabretooth hides. It was determined that these creatures are too slow
to catch a Sabretooth, and that they do not have the ability to skin
them nor the desire to wear (or eat) their hides.
- Elder Spiritualist Grawleh will now respond properly to hails.
- Fittorin Bladespur will now respond properly to hails.
- A Frost Giant Sentry will now respond properly to hails.
- Tanik Greskil will now respond properly to hails.
- Kozyn Gigglephizz will now respond properly to hails.
- Pit Guard Retaj will now respond properly to “What grunts?”
- Lendel Deeppockets now knows how to spell “rogue”.
- Corrected text for Arinna Trueblade, she now tells you how to make
armbands instead of helmets.
- Prime Patriarch Vuzx should be less likely to leave his usual spot.
- Gindlin Toxfodder should be less likely to be out of his usual spot.
- Deputies Budo and Drebo should no longer get stuck under the
floorboards of their tower.
- The River Source in the Warrens can no longer be attacked.
- Moved Mignar Mi`Draskch a little bit so that newly created enchanters
would not try to appear on top of him.
- Lorekeeper Zorik is now properly described as a female in text
referring to her.
- Peras Glickon will now tell you that he sells food and drink (which
he does) instead of spell components (which he does not).
- Fantoal Geabaran should now offer the inventory for sale that he
claims to have.
- Old Gourdhead should no longer be disliked by the other natives of
Misty Thicket (fixed a faction bug).
- The Muglwump will show up less frequently now.
- Dark Huntress in Mistmoore will now use the correct model and is on
the correct faction.
- Corrected the models for elementals in the Plane of Earth.
- NPCs in the “pit” area of Plane of Tactics will now respawn properly.
- Removed Sarnak Slaves from Nurga, since they had no models there to
use and looked like the base model human (Doug).

** Character Appearance **

- The bald head can now be selected during character creation by
clicking the left arrow button (was only available by clicking the
right arrow).
- Beard color selection now works for dark elf male, high elf male,
half elf male, and dwarf female during the creation of new characters.
Note: Dwarf female only has one style of beard.
- The ability to pick a wode is now available at character creation for
Barbarians.
- Choosing the “random” button at character creation will now randomly
choose a face rather than always using the initial selection.
- Changing from a male to a female character or from a bald character
(such as Iksar) to one that should have hair will no longer make the
new character appear to be bald.

** Miscellaneous **

- Intelligence and Wisdom should now update properly after character
becomes drunk/consumes alcohol.
- Fixed a number of doors in Freeport that were opening incorrectly.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
January 29, 2003
——————————

- Corrected a bug with the Xegony encounter. Please be aware that this
may change the event slightly.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 4, 2003
——————————

Note: Some folks have had trouble getting the elves’ beard colors to
work properly. In order to get them to show up, you may need to set
DoProperTinting=TRUE in your Eqclient.ini file. You can do that by
typing /dopropertinting in game.

ALSO NOTE: We have changed a lot of UI Files. Here’s the list:

** UI File Changes **

EQUI.xml
EQUI_Animations.xml
EQUI_CharacterCreate.xml
EQUI_FacePick.xml
EQUI_NoteWindow.xml
EQUI_OptionsWindow.xml
window_pieces04.tga
EQUI_JournalCatWnd.xml – NEW FILE
EQUI_JournalTextWnd.xml – NEW FILE
EQUI_JournalNPCWnd.xml – NEW FILE
EQUI_BigBankWnd.xml – NEW FILE

** Interface and Gameplay **

- The melee button for Ulaks, Martial weapons and Two-Handed Piercing
weapons should appear to be depressed when attacking.
- Increased the size of the Notes window in the new UI.
- /viewport fixed.
- Fixed bug where action and hot-buttons for innate abilities would
revert to numbers (1-6) instead of their name when a skin was loaded
using /loadskin. It now reloads the names too.
- Fixed a bug that could cause a client crash if too many full
containers were open and the ALT key was pressed.

** Spells **

- Lowered the mana cost of Yaulp I, Yaulp II, Yaulp III, and Yaulp IV
to increase the value of these spells
- Theft of Thought works properly now, it was draining all of the
caster’s mana, no matter who the target was.
- Damage over Time type Area of Effect spells will no longer do damage
when player character resists the spell.
- All pet spells will now get focused from any pet focusing spell/item.
This means, for example, that summoning haste will work on Beastlord
and Necromancer pets.
- Fixed a bug that caused pet health bar to disappear if when trying to
charm when a pet already exists.
- Divine Barrier now does all of its healing in a single burst instead
of as regeneration.
- Removed the erroneous message “Returning to your own perspective”
that occurred when a character was changed into something using an
illusion.

** Quests **

- Dillon the Drowned should now respond properly when hailed.
- Corrected a problem with a ‘quest’ for the hermit in South Karana.
- Animist Poren now gives the correct recipe for his Handwraps Quest
(shadeling silk instead of shade silk).
- Noirin Khalen now gives out the proper jewelry book.
- Supreme Loachsmith Psorin now returns items that he does not need or
want.

** Items **

- Removed Rogues from the list of classes on the Elegant Darkwood
Katana, since it is a two-handed slashing weapon.
- Removed the “secondary” tag from the Flametongue, as this item is for
Int. casters only and they can’t equip this item in their secondary
slot.
- The Nathsar Greatsword and Fester now have the proper inventory icon.

** Tradeskills **

- Added new potions for Vah Shir Shaman (and all other Shaman):
Shadeweaver Portal.
- Renamed one of two items called Figwort. The Figwort sold in Shar
Vahl has been renamed Ground Figwort to reduce confusion.
- Renamed one of two items called Drachling Silk. The Drachling Silk
that was once no drop is now tradable and named Drachnid Silk.
- Adventurers have learned new techniques for fighting Cyclopes. These
great beasts are now much more likely to have their eye intact when
killed.
- Fixed the recipe for the potion “Soul of Incorporeal” to use a
“feather”.
- Fixed the recipe for the potion “Troll’s Essence”.
- Fixed the cast time on any 5 and 10 dose potions that were
inconsistent with their single dose versions.
- General Bragmur in Iceclad should now avoid ice flows that he was
having a problem crossing in the past.
- Terrorantula Silk, Feather, branch of sylvan oak, branch of planar
oak, Drachnid Silk, and Drachling Silk are now stackable.
- Silicorrosive Grease is now tradable and stackable.
- Potions Aquatic Haunt and Serpents Drink no longer require reagents.
- Grandmaster Alchemist will now have a way to prove their ability.

** Alternate Advancement **

- Extended Notes now works on area of Effect songs as well as group
songs.

** PvP **

- Fixed a bug with Root and Snare spells that prevented the target
player character from being affected until they zoned.
- Fixed a bug with mesmerization spells being unbreakable by normal
means.

** Zones **

- Fixed some text and grammar errors in Skyshrine.
- Ikurenm the Sly should no longer disappear when trying to chase his
enemies.
- Repaired some “safe spots” in Echo Caverns, Paludal Caverns and
Grieg’s End.
- Fixed a pathing issue in Kurn’s Tower that was causing some NPCs to
disappear.
- The Golem Master in Charasis now looks like a golem.
- The Orc Arsonist will no longer have his torch disappear when looted
(as long as he had it to begin with).
- The Sands of Fire event will now be restricted to the intended four
groups. Alternate methods of getting characters into the event have
been removed.
- Corrected doors in Kaladim, Blackburrow and Erudin that opened the
wrong way and one door in Kaesora that was way off its hinges. Also,
the Dwarves have installed a door in one of their guard huts to prevent
drafts.
- Moved an oven in North Freeport that was poking through a ceiling.
- Wraith of a Shissar should no longer attack its compatriots, so they
should no longer be killing it in retaliation.
- Corrected some respawn issues in the Plane of Air.
- Rallos Zek is much less likely to need to leave the arena in order to
deal with his enemies…

** Miscellaneous **

- Changed “wode” to “woad” in the face picker.
- Corrected a spelling error in the text of the Purify Body ability
(affect to effect).
- PCs under illusions should appear with hair if the race can have
hair, even if the PC’s race can’t have hair. Fixed a few other bugs
with illusions and their effect on hair and eyes.
- Vah Shir will now see “punches” when punching instead of “hits”.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 6, 2003 3:00 am
——————————

** Interface **

- All settings for the Songs window should now be saved properly when
the player logs out.
- Fixed a bug that could cause the Bit Depth and Refresh Rate setting
to not save properly upon exit.
- Users of Windows XP should no longer be seeing their Windows mouse
cursor or other windows ‘bleed through’ into the game.

** Gameplay **

- Changing from an old model character to a Luclin model character at
character select should no longer result in the character having no
hair.
- Fixed a bug that caused merchants to charge a little extra or less (1
copper).
- Merchants will no longer claim that they will pay 1 copper for
starting equipment (they have never actually purchased such items).

** Spells **

- Fixed a problem with the Giantsbane Spell quest NPCs not spawning in
Skyshrine.
- Failing to hide while invisible will now make the invisibility icon
disappear.

** Trade Skills **

- Many Planar Recipes can now be used in collapsible containers. Some
Planar Tailoring can only be done in the Tanaan Loom as opposed to the
Planar Sewing Kit. Nothing that was previously made in the Loom was
added to the collapsible tailoring kit. Skills changed were Baking,
Sewing, Jewel Craft, and Fletching.
- Added gnome cultural recipe book to Ak’Anon.
- Changed the weights on Spiritstones to be more in line with
Faithstones.
- Changed Collapsible Jeweler’s Kit to 6 slots from 4.

** Zones **

- Grummus is much more likely to stay in his home.
- Fixed the door to the Ak’Anon zoo, by request of the Zookeeper’s
Union #23.
- Newly created Wood Elf Druids will now make their first appearance in
the world much closer to their guild master.
- Fennin Ro is now more durable, more in line with the other elemental
plane gods.
-Rallos Zek now moves considerably faster then before, as do his
cohorts. He will also become very, VERY angry should he be removed from
his lair(s).
- Skyshrine will once again require a key for exit into the Cobalt
Scar. The fact that the key was not needed was a bug. We do understand
that few people actually walk through this area considering the other
methods of transport available, but the dragons aren’t leaving their
doors open.

** Items **

- Corrected the inventory icon for the Acrylia Studded Legs and the
Two-Handed Practice Sword.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 24, 2003
——————————

As the afternoon heat grows, a trickle of adventurous folk can be seen
moving through the rocky vales of the mountains called Stonebrunt.
These quiet lands, normally inhabited by panda bears and kobolds, are
slowly becoming a throughway for heroes, mercenaries and adventures of
all races. Are you one of them?

And in Gukta tadpoles are growing into young Frogloks. There is no
doubt in the minds of the conquerors of Grobb that the new generation
of their people will grow into strong and steadfast servants of
Mithaniel Marr, worthy of his respect. Will you be one of them?

OOC: Have fun with the new features, the new race and the new zones.
Thank you for playing EverQuest.

Gameplay

We’ve adjusted the entry requirements for some Planes of Power zones.
Several of these zones required each character to complete a quest
before gaining entry. We’ve relaxed this requirement somewhat as
follows:

A raid with 32 or more members can enter a locked plane provided that
85% of the raiders have finished the entry quest. This means a raid
group can bring along some friends who haven’t completed the quest.

Characters who haven’t done the entry quest must stay with their raid
while they are in the locked zone. If these characters leave the raid
for more than three minutes, they will be transported out to the Plane
of Tranquility.

Using this method does not grant permanent access to the locked zone.
If a character wants permanent, unescorted access to a locked zone then
they must still complete the quest. The goal of this change is to allow
raiding groups to bring along a few friends who haven’t been able to
complete the quests, but still wish to help with the raid.

Several of the flagging events will now only give out a maximum of 72
flags each time they are completed.

The dialogue boxes for resurrection and translocation will remain for 5
minutes instead of 1 hour.

Increased the maximum number of members on ignore and friends lists to
100.

Made some adjustments to the Halls of Honor alternate entry quest that
should make it more friendly.

The horse buff icon will no longer show up for characters using non-
Luclin models.

Interface

Containers now close after zoning. This prevents a bug that was causing
the same container to be opened twice.

The rogue hide message “You have moved and are no longer hidden!” is
filtered as a “skill” message and not an “other” message.

Fixed a bug that was causing the spell effects opacity slider to always
return to 0% when logging out to the desktop.

Items

Happy Dragon should no longer use a charge when the target is out of
range.

The inventory icons for Trydan’s Greaves of Nobility, Deathwatch Sword
and Wetfang Steak have been corrected.

Corrected the name of the Drakescale Covered Tunic (was Drakscale
Covered Tunic).

The Manicle of Disruption has been renamed Manacle of Disruption.

See above for Vorshar’s Manicle of the Blight.

Corrected the spelling of Golden Idol of Rodcef Nife.

The Rantho Rapier is now a piercing weapon, not a two-hand slashing
weapon.

The Wand of Mana Tapping is no longer labeled as usable in the
secondary hand (since it is Enchanter only and could not be used there
anyhow).

Quests

Made a change to the way Planes of Power spell quests work. All spells
usable by more than one class are now obtained from the same level
quest. If a spell is level 61 (Ethereal) for one class and level 65
(Rune Word) for another, both will have it as a reward on their
Ethereal quest.

Corrected issues with the quest from the Iksar Hermit.

Corrected a grammatical error in some of Bolli Hillfoot’s text.

Marshal Anrey should be more responsive when talked to.

The “Bag of Troll guts” is now dropping off of the correct NPC.

Zones and NPCs

Removed the ability for PCs to bind in the upper tier Planes of Power
zones. Binding is allowed in Plane of Knowledge and Plane of
Tranquility.

The entrance to the Plane of Fire now requires the appropriate keys for
entry.

Gods in the elemental planes now have fixed respawn regardless of zone
outages. If the god in an elemental plane is up when the zone comes
down it will still be up when the zone comes back up. If it has two
days left before its respawn when the zone comes down it will still
respawn in two days.

Prior to this patch Rallos Zek was changed, he no longer allows anyone
he dislikes to stand above the arena.

Removed a “safe spot” from the Plane of Disease.

NPCs in the Plane of Justice can no longer be affected by Fear spells.

Fixed an issue with some level 10 NPCs in the Karanas having about 400
times the hit points that they should.

Denizens of Aerin`Dar’s lair will no longer be getting angry at folks
just because they are stomping around on the ground above the lair.

Puslings now understand how to “enrage” properly.

Creatures in Fungus Grove will be less likely to ignore people shooting
them from a distance.

Mature Arboreans are now plants. Just don’t call them that to their
faces.

Giant Whiskered Bats in the Qeynos area no longer drop rat skulls.

Dalin Greskar has given up his hobby of trying to sell blacksmithing
gear that he doesn’t have and has gone legit with pottery supplies.

Corrected a typographical error in some of Tarnic McWillows speech.

Firon Dernkal will no longer add a random “t” to the end of people’s
names when talking to them.

Corrected an error in Eirod Haerod’s text.

It seems as though the troll sent to retrieve the Forge from fallen
Grobb has returned with Forge in hand.

Corrected an issue with the respawn of Fennin Ro.

A Kromzek spy will no longer give a “beta neutral” faction hit when
killed.

Spells

Fixed a bug that prevented the owners of charmed warders from
controlling or re-summoning their warders after the charm breaks.

Disinfecting Aura has been changed to no longer cure poisonous effects.
It will now cure disease effects with much more potency.

Fixed a bug that was causing Bind Sight to fail to land if the
recipient had exactly 15 other buffs.

Convergence should not eat its component as often on some types of
spell failures.

Corrected the spell book icons for several Enchanter spells.

Shadeweaver port should no longer place you beneath the world.

In a previous update, we added a message when a person recasts a charm
spell on their charmed pet. Recasting charm on an existing pet did not
actually re-charm the pet, it just failed silently and appeared to
succeed. The new message is now displayed intentionally in these cases.
This is not a bug.

Miscellaneous

Attack text for the Vah Shir when punching now says, “punches” instead
of “hits”

Fixed a bug that was causing the reduced statistics to not update
properly when the character has low hit points or is encumbered.

Fixed a bug that caused some sale prices for items in the Bazaar
(mostly those with a lot of 9s) to be invalid.

The /guildmotd command has been modified. Guild leaders and officers
can now use this command to set or clear the guild Message of the Day.
There is a new command, /getguildmotd, that can be used as an
alternative to viewing the Guild MOTD in the Guild Management Window.

New and Changed UI Files

Animations
Bodytintwnd – NEW
Cart01.tga – NEW
Cart02.tga – NEW
Cart03.tga – NEW
Cart04.tga – NEW
dragitem25.tga
dragitem26.tga – NEW
EQUI.xml
Editlabelwnd – NEW
Gemicons01.tga
Gemicons02.tga
Groupsearchwnd – NEW
Groupwnd
Guildmgmtwnd – NEW
Inspectwnd
Inventorywnd
Maptoolbarwnd – NEW
Mapviewwnd – NEW
Selectorwnd
Shortdurationbuff
Windowpieces04.tga

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 26, 2003 12:00 pm
——————————

- Corrected a problem that occurred with Charms. They should be working
properly now.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
March 13, 2003 4:00 am
——————————

** Spells **

- Added the ability for any caster to research dropped priest spells
using the research books found in Gunthak. The research notes for these
spells can be found in the Plane of Knowledge. Wizards, Enchanter,
Magician, and Necromancers are able to create any of the researchable
priest spells.
- The recipe to create Familiar Enhancement will now actually create
Familiar Enhancement instead of Firetree’s Familiar Augment.
- Beastlord pets can now be summoned in the Plane of Sky.
- Changed the recipe for Form of the Great Bear, both in text and in
practice. Please read the appropriate research book for the new recipe.
- Removed the chance to fail on the two combines for the Pureblood
quest.
- Modified the Pureblood quest to return Blood of Nadox for Shaman
characters. In addition, any Shaman who has previously done the quest
and received Pure Blood will be able to obtain the Blood of Nadox
scroll simply by hailing the quest NPC.
- Increased the drop rate significantly on the quest items for the
ShadowKnight and Necromancer Legacy of Ykesha spells.
- Added an NPC to the list of monsters that can be summoned by
Magicians in the Torgiran mines.
- Force Shield will now stack with the Spiritual Purity line no matter
what order they are cast in.
- O’Keil’s Levity will no longer be overwritten by other damage
shields.
- O’Keil’s Levity will no longer claim to be piercing people with
thorns.
- Shaman of Mithaniel Marr will now be able to scribe the Imbue:
Diamond spell
- Changed Strength of the Diaku to a single target strength and
dexterity buff.
- Changed Talisman of the Diaku to a group strength and dexterity buff.
- Replaced the shaman spell Aim of the Ginda with Talisman of Alacrity,
which is a group haste spell.
- Replaced the shaman spell Talisman of the Gindan with Tiny Terror,
which is a group shrink spell.
- The Darkness line of spells should now have their sounds back.
- Winged Death now has its particle effects back.
- Song of the Deep Seas now says: “The fury of the deep sea fills your
arms” when sung (changed “see” to “sea”).
- Changed the spelling of Malise to Malaise.
- Boneshear spell messages changed to make more sense.
- Iceflame of E`Ci now gives a message when it wears off.

** Items **

- The Potion of Corpse Retrieval is now NO DROP.
- Added required level to many Legacy of Ykesha items.
- Lowered the damage on Swampblade of the Dar to make it more
appropriate as a newbie sword.
- Frogloks can now use the Frostweaver’s Shield.
- Frogloks can no longer use Scaled Hierophant armor, Scaled Mystic
armor and Spiritstone of Cabilis.
- Corrected an issue with foldable medicine bags and foldable bearskin
potion bags. Items should now combine properly.
- Clockwork Observer legs and boots should now recharge.
- Class 3 Wood Point Arrows now have a range of 5 instead of 0.
- Changed Blessed Scout Arrows, Blessed Warrior Arrows, Mithril Scout
Arrows, Mithril Warrior Arrows, Mithril Champion Arrows and Blessed
Champion Arrows to be ammo instead of ranged.
- These pottery sketches are now stackable: Barbarian Template, Gnome
Template, Troll Template and Animal Template.
- Rune Smudged Bone Spear now looks like a spear in inventory rather
than a rapier.
- Totemic Gauntlets, Dull Metallic Gloves and Black Wolf Leg Plates can
no longer be worn around the neck.
- Added Shaman to all small patchwork and tattered pieces.
- Frogloks can now use the Jaundiced Bone Boots.
- The Black Handeled Bonebreaker has been renamed to Black Handled
Bonebreaker
- The Ivory Horn now increases wind skill instead of singing.
- Corrected the recipes for Journeyman Rune Beza
- Fixed bugs in the text of Toharon’s Memoirs.
- Hope Fire Opals will no longer appear to be Baling Hooks.
- Chunk of Unidentifyable Bile is now Chunk of Unidentifiable Bile.
- Corrected the spelling of Robe of the Primoridal Ritualist.
- Corrected the recipe for Tae Ew Chain Bracer to use a Bracer
Sectional Mold instead of a Plate Bracer Mold.
- Smithed Silver Weapons will sell to merchants at a lower price.
- Corrected spelling errors in the names of Ultor’s Gauntlets of Faith
and Tranquilius’ Tempest Ward.
- Changed the inventory icon for the Fier’Dal Fletching Kit and Knuckle
Dusters.
- Swirling Shadows are no longer NO RENT.
- The Taskmaster’s pouch should be dropping normally again in
Ssraeshza.

** Alternate Advancement **

- Purify Soul now removes a larger number of poison, disease and curse
counters.
- Changed Frenzy of Spirit to stack better with haste spells.

** Quests **

- Performed surgery on Ragefire to remove his extraneous heart.
- Verina and Drozlin will also only be dropping one set of items.
- Omat Vastsea will now summon Jhassad Oceanson if hailed by a
character in possession of the Orb of Vapor. He will summon the Avatar
of Water if the character has the Orb of the Triumvirate. But he will
not summon either if one of them is already around.
- Corrected issues with Shaman quest for Stoicism. The impassive sea
spirit was giving out the wrong item.
- Brohan Ironforge’s search for his daughter can now be completed.
- Gimlik Cogbobble should now be more reliable.
- Sentry Rotiart now enacts his role in his quest properly.
- Tilbok Furrunner will now recharge the Mask of Espionage.
- Firiona Drixies now have a chance to drop Firiona Drixie Dust.
- Heretic Drahur no longer gives out Greater Immobilize for a Spectral
Parchment, only for an Ethereal Parchment.

** Interface **

- Added a command to allow you to toggle your target between your two
last targets (unlike Tab which toggles between your character and your
last target). To set the key that activates this feature, just open
your options window and select the Keyboard Tab. If you select all
categories, the entry will be the last one on the list, called Toggle
last two targets. This was actually added with our last patch.

** NPCs **

- Undead will begin to spawn again at night in Kithicor.
- Shin Master Grubbus in Gukta will now be more selective about who he
allows to do tasks for him, and he’ll be speaking directly to folks
(using /tell). His chatty nature was raising the volume in Gukta to
levels that were considered unacceptable. He will also be a bit clearer
about what he wants.
- Shar Vahl guards will now defend their city against Loda Kai
poachers.
- A Grimy Owl Bear Cub in Paludal now “screeches”, not “screetches”.
- Eirod Haerod in Mistmoore will no longer have a square showing in the
word “don’t” in her text.
- Mangler will no longer spawn on top of a table.
- Porra, one of the Enchanter spell vendors in Felwithe, will no longer
spawn inside of a wall. This was hurting her business.
- Hutyn L`Lozz will now appear in his place of business and be less
likely to leave to go sightseeing in Neriak.
- Cleet Miller Jr. will now emote “Grumbles and looks up at you”
instead of saying it.
- The Goblins in Solusek’s Eye are no longer wearing cloth armor.
- Junth McMannus will now be properly affected by movement reducing
spells.
- You should only see one Rodrick Tardock, his clones have been dealt
with.
- Duplicate Brenzl McMannus’s (McManni?) have also been removed.
- Waltor Felligan of Halas will now cast the spells he says he will
cast.
- Xlixinar Arcut and Drixiv Arcut will now respond properly to their
quest texts.
- Corrected some text errors for Jortreva and Grendish the Crusaders as
well as Sage Xelrin, Sulgar, Warlord Gligoth, Bryce McFadden, Serna
Tasknon, Welno Tanlonikan, Lorekeeper_Einar and Master of Elements.
- These NPCs will now be asking for the correct items for their quests:
Gazoon Noihzog, Liteema Agner and Bolli Hillfoot.
- Kodiaks in the Rathe Mountains should be friendlier to Druids and
Rangers.
- Undead Frogloks and Skeletons in Sebilis no longer have an extreme
dislike for each other.
- Groflah Steadirt’s corpse will no longer disappear when he is killed.
However, he is also no longer a merchant.
- Moved the Planar Projection for Rallos Zek so it can’t be interfered
with by the zone exit.
- Corrected the spawn times for the Minotaur Hero.
- Half elven female bandits will now give experience, leave corpses and
be aided by other bandits.
- A Coerced Iiksar will now be known as A Coerced Iksar.
- Merchant Nora in Felwithe will once again sell her jewelry supplies.
- Equestrielle the Corrupted will no longer be able to sense and get
angry with people all the way on the other side of the zone.
- Niola Impholder now teaches Brewing, Begging and Alcohol Tolerance.
- Jusean will now give the proper quest reward when given the proper
item(s).
- Plaguebone Thieves no longer flee.

** Zones **

- Fixed some broken doors in West Freeport that were opening
incorrectly.
- Fixed a door that was opening into a wall in Highkeep.
- Fixed some doors in Kaesora that were opening the wrong way.
- Fixed a door that would not open in Solusek’s Eye.
- Removed the ability for characters to consume more than one key given
for access to the lower parts of the Crypt of Decay.
- Added new sounds to Shadowhaven.
- Removed safe spots in Katta, Solusek’s Eye, High Keep, Echo Caverns,
Paludal Caverns, Crystal Caverns, Siren’s Grotto, Plane of Valor, Plane
of Torment and Plane of Water.
- Fixed a pathing problem in Gunthak that was causing Shaman pets (and
perhaps others) to disappear.
- Entrance to Bertoxxulous’s lair is now restricted to those that have
the proper flag.
- The pylons on the end of the pier in Timorous deep no longer rotate
like doors when you left click them.
- Placed rocks over a spot in Western Wastes that characters could get
stuck in.
- Updated some of the pathing in Torgiran Mines to reduce the chances
that NPCs will “poof” in that zone.
- Removed a box out in the middle of Skyfire that turned when clicked
but had no real purpose.
- Fixed a place in Burning Woods and the Plane of Knowledge where NPCs
would get stuck while wandering around.
- Also fixed a place in Erud’s Crossing where sharks were getting
stuck.
- The Veeshan’s Peak zone in from Skyfire can no longer be triggered
from above.
- Moved the Koada’Dal Forge so that it does not extend into the hallway
on the second floor of the building.
- The teleporter from the Great Divide to the Plane of Knowledge will
now work during Coldain Ring War.
- The exit from the Plane of Justice to the Plane of Tranquility has
been moved to place characters next to the Plane of Justice entrance.
- A black ravenger should no longer be spawning right next to the
Cabilis entrance in the Swamp of No Hope.
- Trying to enter the Qeynos sewers will no longer take you to Ak’Anon.
We hope the citizens of Ak’Anon can forgive the mess…
- Fixed a problem in the Warrens that was causing the Kobolds to gather
under the water near the river source.

** Miscellaneous **

- Corrected a spelling error (“hass” instead of “has”) in the text
given for adding the Ring of Marr to the keyring.

** Special Deals **

Prices at the Station.com Store have been cut on a whole trove of
EverQuest treasures in our Hot Specials! Plus, we’ve bundled some of
the best software, guides and posters into great packages for players.
There’s never been a better time to upgrade to that next expansion. And
there’s more available right now at the Station.com Store
(https://store.station.sony.com/). Stop in and see!

** Become a Guide! **

Greetings citizens of Norrath,

Hear Ye, Hear Ye, for we bring before you news of great importance!

Have you ever scoured the lands in search of adventure? Do you still
yearn to discover new places and new people in the Lands of Norrath?

If so, then we have for you perhaps the greatest adventure the Lands of
Norrath could ever offer. It is a mission of great proportions, and the
journey will be a challenge to even the bravest adventurers in the
realm. But hear me friends when I say that the rewards are well worth
the perils of the journey.

The path is that of the volunteer EverQuest Guide Program. If you are
strong of will, kind of heart, have a positive attitude, and are at
least eighteen years of age, the volunteer EverQuest Guide Program may
be for you.

The members of the Guide Program provide front line customer support
and service to the players of EverQuest. The Program offers a unique
opportunity for you to become a part of the behind the scenes action,
and to be a direct contributor to the greatness of EverQuest. As a
Guide you will interact as a representative of both the Program, and of
Sony Online Entertainment by delivering critical help and assistance to
the players on your assigned server. Your role as a Guide will also
provide you with the opportunity to present a variety of creative
dynamic content (Quests) and events.

If you feel that the EverQuest Guide Program community is something you
wish to be a part of, then we heartily invite you to point your browser
to: https://guide.everquest.com/guideapp/

Come one, come all – help us to make the lands of Norrath better than
they already are… come be a part of something great!

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 8, 2003 3:00 am
——————————

** So You Want to Design Games? **

The EverQuest team is expanding and we currently have openings for
experienced game designers. If you have professional game design
experience, at least one level 60+ character and regularly play
EverQuest, then we’d love to see your resume. Please go to
http://soe.sony.com/corp/employment.jsp and submit your resume online.
Please include information about your current characters and your level
of knowledge concerning EverQuest.

Thanks,

- The EverQuest Team

** New Plane of Hate **

The new Plane of Hate is now available on Stormhammer. Enjoy!

** Mitigation Change **

We have evaluated the mitigation abilities of cloth and leather
classes, and have made changes as appropriate. For the most part, this
change is a reasonable improvement to the ability of monks to absorb
damage. At some point in the future we may re-examine the mitigation
abilities of chain and plate classes. At this time, and with this final
round of changes to cloth and leather classes, we believe that
something very close to the appropriate balance is in place.

** Pathing Update **

The first part of our work to update the pathing system for EverQuest
is complete. NPC and pet pathing should be much improved.

** Charm Changes **

- Healing a charmed pet now generates an appropriate amount of hate for
the healer.
- Charmed pets now take up to one third of the experience for each NPC
killed. This amount scales down based on the percentage of damage to
the target that the pet does. Dire charm pets still take the same
experience they always have.
- Charmed pets are no longer selected as a monster’s preferred target
if there are many players available for the monster to attack instead.
- ALSO (we forgot to mention this before), the resist modifiers on
several charm spells (such as Beckon, Call of the Arch Mage, Command of
Druzil and Word of Terris) have been removed, making them a bit easier
to resist.

** Windowed Mode for the EverQuest front end **

This patch introduces the ability for players to enter windowed mode at
the EverQuest front end (from the time you log in until you get into
the game). With this addition, players will be able to run EverQuest in
a window from the moment they click on the EverQuest icon to the moment
they log out.

In order to switch to windowed mode on the front end, just hit Alt-
Enter. Note that there are no settings in the eqclint.ini file for
this, you just have to hit Alt-Enter.

Use Alt-R to release the mouse from the EverQuest window (note that
once in the game, you need to use Alt-Shift-R to release the mouse).

And, obviously, Alt-Tab will switch between open programs.

We have also added a Tech button that will take you to our Tech Chat.
This only works in windowed mode, as it opens up a new window to
display the chat.

** Spells **

- Stoicism now follows the same restrictions as Torpor.
- Trickster’s Augmentation and Boon of the Garou can now be cast by
characters on horseback.
- Fixed a bug that was causing spells with levitation effects to lose
levitation if cast over a spell that also had a levitation effect.
- Bards now receive their first level song at creation.
- Changed the spelling of “Corpal Empathy” to “Corporeal Empathy”.
- Changed the hit by message for Torrent of Fatigue recourse to “Your
vitality grows.”
- Changed the wear off message for Song of Sustenance to “Your hunger
returns.”
- Adjusted the shaman spell Disinfecting Aura to be in line with Pure
Blood.
- The Necromancer line of heal-over-time spells should no longer
overwrite Transon’s Phantasmal Protection.
- Augment now overwrites Augmentation.
- Brell’s Stalwart Shield now has a casting time of 4 seconds.
- Spiritual Vigor now has a casting time of 5 seconds.
- Resurrection no longer gives the “Your strength returns” message two
times when the negative effects wear off.
- Fixed a bug that would cause other players to see a character with
default face/hair for their race when they turned off an illusion.
- Fixed bug that could cause beards to fail to reappear when an
illusion wears off. This may also fix some other appearance bugs as
well.

** Illusions/Shape Change **

We have changed the way that Illusions and Shape Changes work with
respect to faction. The new system is a lot easier to understand than
the old one, so we’ll just explain the new one. When changed into the
form of a playable race, characters are treated as if they were a
member of that race. When changed into a non-playable race, characters
retain their own racial factions.

** PvP **

- If a player is moving when using archery against a PvP target, they
have a reduced chance to hit their target.
- Archery in Player vs. Player combat in now reduced to 66% damage.
- Direct Damage spells in Player vs. Player combat can only do up to
75% damage of the target’s maximum hit points in a single hit. This
modification is done before resists are taken into account. For
example, if a player has 1000 hit points when fully healed, no single
direct damage spell will do more than 750 damage to him in a single
hit.

** Alternate Advancement **

- Alternate Advancement abilities that grant Stamina gains should now
update the character’s hit points automatically when trained.
- Dire Charm isno longer “used” when trying to affect an NPC under the
power of a Dictate spell. It will not work, and the power is not
expended.

** Interface **

- Using the “/book” command with no page argument now closes the
spellbook if it’s already open.
- Added a “Dump” button to Guild Management window. Pressing it creates
a text file in the EQ directory containing a comma-delimited text dump
of the Guild Management window. The file name will be the guild name
with _ instead of spaces, so a guild named “Legacy of Ykesha” would be
a file called Legacy_of_Ykesha.txt.
- Cross-server tells are now filtered under the “tells” filter like
same-server tells, and in the same colors.
- Music Player volume no longer decreases when zoning.
- The Journal window and Journal Categories window now close when
hitting Escape.
- The Map window no longer pops up after zoning if you used Escape to
close it in the previous zone.
- Hot button names are once again restricted to eight characters. Being
able to make them longer was a bug, and was causing issues with
displaying more than eight characters.
- The scrollbar for the Notes window should now update properly when
the window is resized.
- Added multi-select capability to the Friends List, Music, Journal
NPC, Journal Text and Journal Category windows. Shift-click selects
groups of items, Control-Click selects individual items.
- Fixed a bug that was causing the Journal window to lose all
information since the last save when logging was turned off.
- Confirmation Dialog window now remembers its position.
- The third person camera view #3 no longer resets when zoning or using
the armor tinting feature.
- Fixed an uncommon crash caused by the Music Player window.
- The LFG button in the Group window now toggles the LFG window.
- Fixed a bug that prevented the attack button from working properly
when a Centi Warspear was equipped.
- The dialog box for confirmation of a change in video modes now
remains open for 30 seconds instead of 15 seconds.
- Added a “Show Offline” button to the Guild Management window. This
determines whether or not you want to show offline people in the
window, and the setting is remembered when you log out.
- If you sort by anything other than Name in the Guild Management
window, the window will sub-sort your list by name.
- Changed the promote button in the Guild Management window to only be
enabled when eligible guild member is targeted (not just selected in
window).
- Fixed a problem that caused a few people to have the spell particle
density revert to default off when they logged off.
-Fixed the Map window to remove a method of avoiding the map
restrictions in certain zones.
- Added /getguildmotd. This command allows you to see your guild
message of the day at any time.
- /guildmotd now sets or clears the guild message of the day. If used
with no text, it clears the existing message of the day. Only leaders
and officers can use this command
- Fixed a bug that could cause a crash when pressing the U key while in
explore mode.
- When under the effects of invisibility, a character that hides and
then moves and breaks their hide also breaks their invisibility. The
invisibility icon will now disappear under this circumstance so that
the player knows he is no longer invisible.
- Closing the AA window no longer causes the resurrection notification
box to disappear.
- Updated the category lists in the Bazaar window to be alphabetical.
- Characters will no longer be prevented from being a trader if you
quickly click on Begin/End Trader.
- Fixed a bug with the LFG tool that may have been causing some people
to crash when zoning.
- New colors should no longer be moving from the armor dye column to
the item tint column when a character is saved.
- Hand to hand weapons now “greys out” the melee attack button.
- For those that type quickly, typing %t1 now has the same effect as
typing %t 1.
- Fixed a bug that prevented you from purchasing a lore item if you
have just purchased that item and destroyed it.
- Setting loot split color now changes the text color when others loot
and autosplit, as well as when the player loots.
- Language skills now update in the skills window immediately, and the
message given upon skill up includes the name of the language improved.
- Default chat channels should now be saved properly.

** NPCs **

- Corrected an issue with trainers that sometimes caused them to kick a
character out of the game.
- Tin Soldiers no longer give stun immune messages to color flux when
they are already stunned.
- Sollari Bekines now asks for two vials of Gnoll blood instead of one.
She has always wanted two for her quest.
- Corrected some text errors for Avir Sterbla.
- Fixed a spelling error in Paralin Notion’s text. “Other” now reads
“Others”.
- Corrected a spelling error in the Stonefist Clansman’s death text.
Deafening was spelled incorrectly.
- Fixed a problem that may have been causing various Brutes to spawn
under the world in Warsliks Woods.
- Corrected an issue that could cause multiple NPCs related to the ring
war event to appear in Eastern Wastes.
- Also corrected an issue with the ring war that was causing some of
the NPCs to disappear too early.
- Undead Sebilisian Lich is now undead. He just didn’t realize it
before. Feel free to send cards and flowers.
- So is the Fading Specter in Tox.
- As is the Failed Apprentice.
- Lifestealer Mosquitoes no longer give a message that makes them
appear to be drinking their own blood.
- NPCs in Stonebrunt won’t be wandering into the ocean and getting
lost.
- Merchants no longer sell containers to any character that have no
main inventory slots free.
- Corrected a spelling error (changed “to” to “too”) in Morgalanth
Tal`Raeloen’s text.
- Aid Garuuk now knows that Bregna has moved out of Grobb.
- Oracle Balek and Grave Lord Vizurik now speak the appropriate text.
- Coriante Verisue should no longer talk about Miragul all the time.
- Cobi Frostbeard should no longer refer to himself as “she”.
- A ghoul in Neriak shouldn’t be banging his head on a wall due to a
pathing error. If he does it now, it’s out of frustration about the way
his Dark Elven masters let stinky Trolls into their city.
- Corrected a spelling error in Elial Brook’s text.
- Frist Furtun now accepts all Upheaval scrolls for his quest.
- The invisible, untargetable NPCs in the elemental planes that were
attacking people have been evicted. Absor is now using them as avatars
in PlanetSide, and his scores have gone way up.
- Corrected a spelling error in the agro text of an Enthralled
Underbulk (changed “lungs” to “lunges”).
- Corrected a grammatical error in the text of Animist Poren (added the
word “you” where it as needed).
- Corrected a spelling error in the text of Elder Animist Dumul
(replaced “lose” with “loose”).
- The new Tailor in Neriak now asks what you [want], not [what] you
want.
- Raewyth Velanor now knows the difference between viscous and vicious.
- Corrected the text for Wevek Redforge, changed “were” to “we’re”.
- Corrected the punctuation of a Grimling Prisoner. Changed
“scuttle’s” to “scuttles”.
- Corrected the spelling of the word “privilege” for Tax Collector
Khugra.
- Corrected the spelling of Incantator Stevak. Changed “and” to “any”.
- Quartermaster Grik in Gukta now responds appropriately when
confronted about the list for the Tavern NPCs.
- The Ranger trainer Warder Elwysaie now trains Disarm.
- Fixed several errors in text on Guard Aerryn.

** Items **

- Added a Brass Instrument modifier to the Horn of Shadows.
- Made Saltwater Seaweed stackable.
- Due to a drop table error, all existing instances of the Market
Signet have been changed to have no stats. If you received one
legitimately through the quest, you can give the old item to Aid Grimel
for a new one with all the correct stats. If you do not meet the
requirements, Aid Grimel will not reimburse you.
- Changed the spelling from Mythril to Mithril on Mithril Knuckles and
Mithril Edged Skull Splitter.
- Removed the ability to be used in the secondary slot from Club of the
Secretive. This is a Cleric, Druid, Shaman only item.
- Removed Bards from being able to equip a Combine Acrylia Halberd and
Combine Acrylia Two Handed Sword. These weapons are two-handed slash.
- The name of the Holy Order of Mithanial has been correctly spelled.
- Darksight Dagger is no longer listed as being equipable in the
secondary hand. It is a caster only item.
- Barbed Rubicite Coif has had its name change to Barbed Rubicite
Pauldrons, since it is a shoulder item, not a head item.
- Kagazz’s Box now combines four scorpion legs to create a Box of
Scorpion Legs.
- Removed Bards and Rogues from the list of classes on Greatstaff of
the Four Winds, since they could not use the item.
- Sample Chest is no longer No Rent.
- Mushroom Bread now looks like bread in inventory rather than a bowl.
- Corrected the spelling of venomous on a few items.

** Miscellaneous **

- Modified checklist flags to make them a little easier to understand
(checklist flags are the flags that you obtain for doing PoP events out
of order that allow you to complete the final flag quest by gathering
all the checklist flags and talking to a Seer). Now when you receive a
checklist flag you get a different message than the one that you get
when you receive a normal flag. Ask the seer to unlock memories and she
will tell you which checklist flags you have.
- Corrected a problem that was causing PoP raid flag mobs to not give
out flags to anyone if the associated boss was killed by someone not in
the raid group. Now if someone not in a raid gets the kill, only people
not in a raid can get flagged. This means that people may have to leave
a raid to get flagged, but it means that raids should no longer miss
flags if someone outside the raid gets the kill.
- Modified several of the Planes of Power alternate entry quests to
make completing them faster. Also, all of these quests will now give a
“key” to everyone in the group of the person that completes it.
- Corrected a spelling error in the text message given when you can no
longer add unflagged people to your raid (“to” is now “too”).
- Fixed a bug that would sometimes cause helmets to seem to disappear
off a character that was dealing with a merchant or casting an
illusion.
- /Consent no longer gives both a success and fail message to player
consented.
- Frogloks wearing robes no longer lose the color on the bottom portion
of their robes when they zone.
- Fixed some issues with alchemy not combining into dose potions.
- Fixed a bug that could cause invalid and unchangeable numbers to
appear in spell-casting specialization skills if the skill was trained
up after level 50.
- Merchants no longer claim that they will pay 1 copper for newbie
items that they can’t actually buy.
- The player’s first person perspective now changes correctly if the
height of their Froglok is changed.
- Removed an unneeded door in High Keep.

** INTERFACE FILE CHANGES **

GuildManagementWnd.xml
BugReportWnd.xml
Spellsnew.eff
Spellsnew.edd

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 11, 2003 3:00 am
——————————

- Fixed a problem with “burst” damage causing too much aggro. Attacks
that do a lot of damage in a short time no longer cause more aggro than
they should.

- Feign Death has been restored to the functionality it had before the
patch.

- Fixed an issue that caused aggro from damage shields to be assigned
incorrectly.

- Removed a bug that could cause certain types of encounters, such as
the Rallos Zek encounter in the Plane of Tactics, to crash a zone.

- Fixed a bug that could cause a crash when you tried to bring up the
item display window for bags and notes.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 14, 2003 1:00 pm
——————————

We have removed some communications debug code that inadvertently went
Live on the 11th. Our apologies for the downtime.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 23, 2003
——————————

** Tip of the Day **

When you first log in you will be presented with a Tip of the Day
window. We’ve added this window to provide helpful insight to new
players, and perhaps a few tips for experienced players as well.

** Gameplay **

- Any character 10th level and under that attempts to attack a
‘red’ /con NPC will receive a warning about the danger of such an
action.
- Low level characters now memorize and scribe spells much faster.
- Guards in Steamfont, Misty Thicket, Butcherblock, Nektulos, East
Freeport and West Freeport should be less likely to run through the
newbie zone destroying the wildlife
- Improved the respawn rate for monsters in Steamfont, Misty Thicket,
Butcherblock, Nektulos, East Freeport and West Freeport. In these zones
they were respawning less frequently than in all other newbie zones.
- Added food and bag merchants to the newbie yards of Steamfont, East
Freeport, West Freeport, Butcherblock and Nektulos.

** Spells **

- Fixed a bug that was causing damage shields to assign the credit for
their damage to the wrong person.
- Fixed a bug that caused a short delay in the hit point updates from
healing spells.
- Removed Beastlords from the list of classes that can use Strength of
Stone. They were never intended to get it, as they have a better spell
of the same type at the same level (Furious strength).
- Pets will no longer disappear when the pet owner casts a cancel magic
type spell on the PC that the pet is attacking.
- Fixed a bug that would allow PC’s to be attacked by PC controlled
pets (in non-PvP situations).
- Talisman of Alacrity now works on the group and not just the caster.
It also has the proper icons now.
- Modified the text messages on many stun spells to prevent some
confusion with their effect on stun immune mobs. The message has been
changed from “You have been stunned” to “You are struck by a sudden
force.”
- Torment of Argli no longer overwrites Torment of Scio.
- The Lich series no longer conflicts with other DoT effects. This
affects Dark Pact, Allure of Death, Call of Bones, Lich, Demi Lich,
Arch Lich, Deathly Temptation, Pact of Hate, Ancient: Master of Death
and Seduction of Saryrn.
- The Flame Lick line of spells no longer overwrites hit point buffs
such as Valor and Skin like diamond. This affects Flame Lick,
Immolation, Breath of Ro and Immolation of Ro.
- Changed the name of the druid spell Fury of Ro to Immolation of Ro to
avoid confusion with the focus effect Fury of Ro.
- Changed the icon for Kragg’s Mending to a heart icon to match other
Heal spells.
- Froglok illusion now changes the character’s perspective to the
proper height.
- Night’s Dark Terror has regained its Scarecrow illusion.
- Added sounds to several spells that were lacking them.
- The cost of the Fuligan Soulstone of Innoruuk has been cut in half.

** Zones **

- Acrylia Caverns, Hollowshade Moor and Grimling Forest have been
revamped. We have updated the content in these zones to more accurately
represent their design intentions and to address concerns voiced by
players.
- If you have had an issue with your Plane of Earth B keys, please
speak with Muzzrap again and he should be able to straighten things
out. Please make sure that you have the raid group that you want to get
keyed set up and by your side when you do this.
- The Trial of Fire event will be much less likely to damage people not
actually in the trial.
- We’ve made a pretty extensive pathing update to the Lake of Ill Omen
and Beholder, along with several fixes to specific cases in several
zones.
- Fixed a bug with the Xegony encounter in Plane of Air.
- The spires in the Dreadlands are once again sending folks to Luclin.
- Protectors of Growth now actually protect the Plane of Growth again.
Beware.

** The Hollow Acrylia Obelisk **

Do not destroy the Hollow Acrylia Obelisk! Due to the revamp of the
Acrylia Caverns, this key will no longer serve its original purpose. We
do understand the difficulty of obtaining this key, and we don’t want
to see that effort lost. We will be looking into a way to allow this
key to retain its value, so don’t destroy it.

** Items **

- Items with recommended levels now display any reduced AC component
value in red.
- Changed the usable race to Froglok on several of the Shin initiates
armor quest intermediate pieces.
- Giant Field Rat whiskers are about twice as common as they were.
- The Ivory Hilted Cleaver can now be used in the secondary slot (for
those that can dual-wield).
- The Ornate Broadsword is no longer listed as usable in the secondary
slot, since it is Paladin only and can’t actually be used there.
- These items can no longer be worn by Frogloks (they were never
intended for use by Frogloks): Fright Forged Helm, Mundane Helm,
Mundane Shield, Mundane Mask, Dread Forged Shield and Terror Forged
Mask
- Murph’s Minin’ Pick no longer lists Clerics as a class that can use
it, since they could not.
- Bone Bladed Scimitar no longer lists Beastlords as a class that can
use it.
- Cracked Bone Shinguards now have a visible graphic when worn.
- Sharkbone Plated Shoulderpads effect is now “worn” rather than
“combat”.
- Stone Etched Mace now displays +135 mana instead of 1135 mana
- Extended Affliction III now works on spells with a 30 second duration
(lowered from 36 seconds), so it now functions with Sermon of
Penitence.
- Fireworks have casting sounds and Gnomish fireworks will no longer
cause zones to crash.
- Compasses once again display the direction you are facing when you
right-click and hold.
- The Hammer of Exoneration can now be used by Erudites and Dark Elves.

** NPCs **

- Half-Elf bandits are no longer treated as merchants (so they will now
leave corpses).
- A Feral Amalgam is now a plant.
- Now only one Natasha Whitewaters can exist at a time.
- Bloodmaw is a little more attentive to his surroundings.
- Pets no longer attack Tylis Newleaf when he teleports your group.
- Corrected a bug with AE rampage that caused it to not attack everyone
it should.

** Quests **

- Fixed the drops for the Comatose spell quest.
- The Planar Projections for Bertoxxulous and Terris should no longer
be able spawn in a location where they can’t be reached.
- Fixed several issues with the 8th cudgel quest.
- Increased the drop rate on some quest items in Hate’s Fury.

** Alternate Advancement Abilities **

- Made the Servant of Ro AA pet much more potent.

** Miscellaneous **

- Hit points gained from items are now display with the right value,
and should help to prevent a few deaths from Cannibalization
- Bind Wounds no longer uses up a bandage for attempting to use the
skill when it is not available.
- Fixed a bug that was not allowing players to link to containers
unless they linked to something else first.
- /book with no arguments again closes the spellbook as it should.

Note: We have also made several spelling and grammar corrections and
fixed a door here and there.

** UI File Changes **

EQUI.xml
EQUI_TipWnd.xml
EQUI_HelpWnd.xml
EQUI_OptionsWindow.xml

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 30, 2003
——————————

We’ve taken the opportunity while the servers are unavailable for
maintenance to update a couple of things.

- Increased the difficulty of the mini-bosses in the Planes of Fire and
Water to bring them in line with the reward they give.

- Added a 12% backstab modifier to the Reinforced Mephit Talon and the
Gold Runed Mithril Knife.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 14, 2003 3:00 am
——————————

** Hate Plane **

The new Plane of Hate is now available on all servers!

The Plane of Hate is an old favorite of many players, and we were
careful to retain as much of its old charm as possible (and all of its
old quests). At the same time we created all new geometry for the zone
using our newer tools and newer design ideas. Old and new players
should find this zone to be a lot of fun and a fair challenge.
Remember, the price for the Fuligan Soulstone of Innoruuk has been cut
in half.

** Veksar **

Veksar opens on Stormhammer!

Yes, the long-lost ancient city of the Iksar has been discovered. If
you’re brave enough, foolish enough, and if you can hold your breath,
you may be the right hero to explore Veksar. Good luck!

** Changes for New Players **

- Maps for Newbie Zones for all Players – One of the biggest hurdles
that a new player has to overcome is learning their way around. For
those of you that may have started your first character in Neriak,
youll know what that was like. In order to help out the new player,
weve enabled the Map window to make it available to all players if they
are in a “newbie zone.

- Context Tips – In order to provide helpful information at the time a
player needs it, we have added several context tips. These tips will
pop up when a player uses a certain feature or a specific event occurs.
We hope this will help our new players to more easily understand the
gameplay and controls for EverQuest. These tips may even be useful to
long time players. However, if you wish, you can choose to turn off
any specific tip, or turn off all of the tips using the check boxes in
the Context Tips window.

- Improved Help Information – The in game help files have been
improved. They now contain much more information. Hopefully most
questions you have about the game can be answered using help.

- All New Characters now start with a weapon skill – In order to help
the new player that might forget to train with their weapon before
heading out to defeat their first enemy (and even for those of us that
have been playing a while and still forget to do this), all new
characters now start off with a skill of 5 in their primary weapon.

- Taunt no longer requires training – Similarly, Taunt now works
without being trained. Characters still start out with a skill of 0,
but the skill can increase with use.

- Packet Loss Meter is now Off by default – Due to the fact that the
packet loss meter is often confusing to new players, it will be off by
default. You can toggle the packet loss meter using the F11 key.

- New Message to prompt new players about the Help button – Weve added
a chat message that appears when a level 1 through 10 character logs in
that tells them to click the “?” button on the Window Selection toolbar
if they need help.

** Spells **

- Divine Intervention Fix – Players have been reporting that Divine
Intervention was not updating the hit points for the character every
time when cast, causing characters to die even though the spell seemed
to have saved them. We have been unable to reproduce the issue
specifically, but we have made some changes that should fix the
problem. Please use /bug with details of the incident if you continue
to see this problem.

- Bard Epic Animations – Bards will no longer play instrument
animations when they have their epic equipped. No more stabbing
yourselves in the head with your sword instead of playing a flute.

- Healing Messages now include the name of the healer – In order to
make it clearer who has healed you, we have changed the message that
you receive when healed. It will now include the name of the character
casting the healing spell: “Bob has healed you for 300 points of
damage.

- Call of the Hero works in PoW – We have removed the restrictions to
Call of the Hero in the Plane of Water. In this particular zone we
dont believe that the use of this spell needs to be restricted.

- Fear Spell bug fix – Players have reported that when a player
character was affected by a Fear spell cast by an NPC, they would see
the character running away but the person affected would not actually
flee.

- Snare Line bug fix – Fixed an issue that was causing the Snare line
of spells to fail on an NPC that is under the effects of a Fear spell.

- Tricksters Augmentation group only – We changed Trickster’s
Augmentation to be group only to prevent folks from using it to grief
other players.

- LD Enchanters no longer cast Mem Blur – Enchanters that go linkdead
were sometimes casting Memory Blur and similar spells on their enemies.
This could cause rather unpleasant results for his group or raid when
the NPC suddenly had a fresh hate list. Linkdead enchanters will no
longer cast Memory Blur spells.

- Blizzard animation fix – Blizzard was causing a casting animation to
go off with every wave, even if the caster was sitting. Now Blizzard
works like most rain spells, and only triggers a casting animation when
first cast.

- Locked Spell Gem fix – We fixed a bug that was causing the use of a
right-click item to refresh the spell gem in the first slot instantly,
but if that spell had a long recast it would render it useless until
the spell was forgotten and memorized again.

- Mark of Kings upgrade – In order to make this spell more appealing
then its lower level counterpart, Mark of Karn, we have: increased the
duration from 3.5 to 4 minutes, reduced the casting time from 3 to 2
seconds, reduced the mana cost from 170 to 75 and made the spell
slightly less resistible.

- Gravel Rain can now be cured – With its very long duration (30
minutes) it was a bit difficult that this spell could not be removed
before the duration was over. This is now a curse and can be cured.

- Summoning a horse in bear form no longer causes you to lose the
ability to cast spells for a while.

- Rathes Son – The innate ability of the focused version of this pet is
now less resistible.

- Child of Bertoxxulous – This 65th level Necromancer pet has been
given a boost. Its offense has been increased to be in-line with that
of the Legacy of Zek, and it now has the ability to use a power that is
essentially the same as the spell Banshee Aura.

- Spirit Call – These pets were running away from enemies when at low
health. Pets should be far more loyal and willing to risk themselves
for their Shaman friends, so weve fixed it so that Shaman pets will no
longer run away.

- Vampiric Embrace – Weve corrected a bug with this spell that would
prevent the character from casting for a couple of seconds after the
proc went off.

- Stun Spells – The message on many stun-type spells have been changed
to more accurately portray their effect on stun immune creatures.

- Mana from Buffs – we have increased the maximum amount of mana that
can be gained through the use of buff spells.

** Items **

- Zoning and losing your buffs – There has been a long-standing problem
that could cause all of the buffs to be stripped from a character if
they zoned with fewer hit points than they had bonus hit points granted
by items. For example, if your character had only 10 hit points left
when zoning, and had an item that granted +15 hit points, all of your
characters buffs may have been stripped when you completed zoning. We
have fixed this bug. You should now retain your buffs in this
situation.

- GM Baking Spoon – On Firiona Vie, the Grandmasters Baking Spoon was
not no-drop. This allowed players to give out an unlimited number of
100% weight reduction bags. This obviously was not the intention for
that item, so we have made the Grandmasters Baking Spoon no drop on
Firiona Vie.

- Wooden Medicine Totem – This item can now be equipped. It couldnt
before.

- Adjutant Saber – We removed the secondary notation on the item, since
it was only usable by Shadowknights and Paladins, who couldnt use it in
their secondary slot anyhow.

- Cloak of the Dar Khura Hero – The effect on this item was listed in
the database as the wrong effect type. The effect is now permanent.

** NPCs **

- NPCs returning bags empty – NPCs that return items that they do not
need were returning all containers empty, regardless of what was inside
the container. NPCs that refuse unusable items will now also return
bags with their contents intact.

- NPCs returning multiple items – If a character gave an NPC multiples
of the same item, the NPC would only give back one of them if he did
not want them. We have fixed this so that now those items will be
returned. Such items will be stacked on your cursor. Just click the
item that is on your cursor into your inventory and the next one will
appear on your cursor. Keep clicking them into your inventory until
you have them all back. BE WARNED that any of these items that you
have not returned to your inventory will be lost if you zone or go
linkdead before you get them back into your inventory.

- The Spirit of Rage – This undead gorilla is now flagged as undead.

- Solusek Ros Guards – These guards will be much more attentive to
their lord and will aid in his defense.

- NPCs healing too much – We have corrected a bug that was causing some
NPCs to regain hit points when they turned to run away. The affected
NPCs will be of all sorts and in many zones.

- Giant Yellow Jackets – The chance to find a thorax on the corpses of
these creatures seemed too low, so we have increased it.

** Zones **

- Veeshans Peak – We have changed this zone to make it more appealing,
particularly for those playing with one or two groups. We have removed
the restriction against using gate in this zone and modified the zone
population. Over all, the zone will be better to play in.

- Acrylia Caverns – We have fixed an issue with the first two seals
that was causing the door to the 3rd seal to open without the 3rd seal
spawning, and without the events being completed correctly. Now the
door will only open under proper win conditions, and whenever the door
opens the 3rd seal should be available.

- Plane of Nightmare – We have changed the logic for entry to the
Thelin Poxbourne event in Plane of Nightmare. When you talk to Thelin,
he will now remember your raid and only allow those of the same raid
into your maze. Only three groups maximum will be allowed through the
portal into any one maze. If your group is not in a raid, he will allow
three non-raided groups through into the same maze. If there are three
non-raided groups in the maze and you try and get a fourth through, he
will act as any other raid would and tell you that he has already let
enough people in the maze.

- Planes of Water and Fire – We have changed some of the spells used by
the mini-bosses in these two zones. They should be a little easier to
resist now.

- Halls of Honor – We have removed a recently added summoning ability
from NPCs. We have introduced a less intrusive method of preventing the
ability to use area of effect abilities on huge groups of NPCs in the
zone.

- Bastion of Thunder – The tower bosses will now be dropping some loot
every time (rather than sometimes not dropping any) like the other
Planes of Power bosses.

** Quests **

- Added Honey Mush Bread to Cabilis Vendors – This is an item needed
for a quest that was unavailable.

- Officers Cloak – If you have combined your Officer’s Cloak in the
Security Satchel or you wish to upgrade to the new Officer’s Cloak of
Service, speak with Scout Derrin in Grimling Forest.

-The Skull of Torment quest – This quest, in Kurn’s Tower, should now
work.

** Alternate Advancement **

- Elemental Form – In order to make the Magician Elemental Form
abilities a bit more useable, weve reduced the reuse time from 72
minutes to 15 minutes.

- Alternate Advancement timers – We fixed a bug that allowed AA timers
to be reset early.

- Mass Group Buff – We have made this ability available to Beastlords.

** Miscellaneous **

- Characters getting stuck in the world – We have fixed a bug that
would cause a character to stay in game for extended periods of time
after going linkdead. This bug was causing people to receive a 1018
error because their character was still in the world and could prevent
them from logging back in for a long period of time.

- Big Dwarves – Fixed a bug that was causing Dwarves that had their
size increased twice to start to see the insides of their faces while
attacking. This was making even the stoutest Dwarves a bit
uncomfortable and self-conscious.

- Tread water animation fix – We corrected a bug that would
occasionally cause the treading water animation to stop animating.

** Interface **

- Hit Point percentages display in windows – The Target window, Player
window and Group window now display hit point percentages. This is
something that many player created interfaces use and, considering the
popularity of this feature, we’ve decided to add it to the default
interface. In the Target and Group windows, the hit point percentages
will disappear if the appropriate target/groupmate does not exist

- /report – We updated the text message given when you use the /report
feature to better reflect what text is actually attached to the report.

- More Tips of the Day added – Weve updated the Tips of the Day with
more tips and cleaned up a few spelling errors with the existing tips.

- Combining Stacks of items – Attempting to combine stacked items in a
container will no longer work. The items must be separated first.
This change will prevent items from being lost due to accidentally
combining with them stacked. A dialogue will pop up, warning the
player to separate the objects.

- Bankers no longer take items – In order to help prevent people from
losing items by giving them to their banker instead of putting them
into their bank, players can no longer attempt to trade with bankers.
A message will tell you to right-click the banker if you wish use your
bank.

- Guild Management – The Guild Management window will now take your
setting for “show offline” into account when first displaying the
window. The delimiter used in the file created when the “Dump” button
is pressed has been changed to a [Tab] from a comma, as commas were
causing confusion when used in the public and private notes.

** Interface File Changes **

Targetwindow.xml
Playerwindow.xml
Groupwindow.xml

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 22, 2003
——————————

Paladin AA Act of Valor

Fixed a problem with Act of Valor. Use of this AA ability was causing
zones to crash. That shouldn’t happen any more.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 27, 2003 (May 27 on Test; Live was June 11)
——————————

** Experience System Change – Grouping **

We’ve made some improvements to the way experience is rewarded in all
of EverQuest. At its core, the idea is to positively reinforce
grouping. There should never be any penalty to adding “that sixth
person over there,” whatever class they may be, into your group. That
is exactly the type of behavior that should be rewarded.

In a massively multi-player game, any mechanic that penalizes those who
group is one that we need to take a serious look at. While there are
definite benefits to forming “well balanced” groups in terms of damage,
tanking, healing, and support, there shouldn’t be an active penalty to
those who cannot find groups of “optimal” balance.

As it stands in EverQuest, groups gain a 2% to 20% experience bonus,
which we refer to as the “group bonus”, for having two to six members.
In practice, however, this has never been much of a bonus, even in the
case of a full group, given that the experience was already being
divided six ways.

In the past, we had also attempted to reward people for adventuring in
the more challenging Planes of Power zones by making those zones give a
better rate of experience.

As of this update, groups now gain 20% to 80% “group bonus” experience
for having two to five members.

Full, six-person, groups now see an additional bonus. Their experience
is only divided five ways, yet they still gain the 80% “group bonus.”
For those who think in terms of pie charts, it amounts to a larger
piece of a larger pie.

Accordingly, the bonus inherent to Planes of Power zones will be
decreased slightly. However, as long as person is grouped with at least
one other, they will see an improvement in experience gain over the old
system. The one down side to the new system is that there will be a
slight decrease in experience for those who do not group, and only for
those who do so in Planes of Power zones.

We realize that we are, essentially, “manufacturing” a new type of
experience after a kill. As players, we also understand it is the
people who spend time in full groups who have to deal with the most
interruptions and setup time caused by organizing the extra people. It
simply makes sense to reward that extra time, especially if it means
bringing more people together. After all, that’s the whole point.

We look forward to seeing how these changes play out on Test Server.

** Experience System Change – Level 60+ **

In addition to the above changes, we have increased the range of NPC
levels that give a person experience after they reach level 60. The
“blue to 65? range has been increased as far as level 50, with the
“light blue” range extending to level 45. The best benefits, however,
are still for fighting things around and above your level.

The world of EverQuest, at this point in its history, is truly immense
and full of the best and most interesting content and visuals out
there. Ideally, when a person logs on they should have a wide array of
places in which to adventure. The addition of new content shouldn’t
entirely obsolete what already exists. Hopefully these changes will
once again make that the case.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 2, 2003
——————————

We are looking for some help solving an issue with Linksys BEFSR41
routers.

If you have a Linksys BEFSR41 router at home, are using it as a NAT
device (where multiple computers share a single connection), live in
the San Diego area, and you are experiencing frequent and easily
repeated disconnects while playing any of our games, please contact us.

We know that our games are having issues with some versions of this
hardware, and we’d like to get it fixed.

Send us an email at: eqtesting@soe.sony.com

Subject: Linksys BEFSR41 Assistance Request

We appreciate your help. Thank you.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 11, 2003
——————————

** Experience System Change – Grouping **

We’ve made some improvements to the way experience is rewarded in EverQuest.
These improvements are aimed at positively reinforcing the
act of grouping. After all, this is a Massively Multiplayer game.

Prior to this update groups gained a 2% to 20% experience bonus for
having two to six members.

As of today this bonus has increased to range from 20% to 80% for
having two to five members. When a group adds a sixth member, the 80%
bonus remains, but the experience gained is only divided by 5 before
being distributed. The sixth group member no longer causes the
experience gain to be divided by 6.

Planes of Power zones had an increased experience award above and
beyond those of most other zones. Because of these new dramatic
improvements to group experience gains, we will be reducing the zone-
specific experience bonus for Planes of Power zones a bit. As long as
character is grouped with at least one other in these zones, they will
see an improvement in experience gain over the old system. The one down
side to the new system is that there will be a small decrease in
experience for those who do not group, and only for those who do so in
Planes of Power zones.

** Experience System Change – Level 60+ **

In addition to the above changes, we have increased the range of NPC
levels that give a character experience after they reach level 60. This
will open up many of the “old world” zones to players previously
restricted to Planes of Power zones for experience gain. The range of
NPCs that will be “blue” to a level 65 character has been increased as
far as level 50, with the “light blue” range extending to level 45. The
best experience gains, however, are still for fighting things around
and above your level. This should open up areas for high level
characters in groups and solo.

** Interface **

- Shared Bank Vault – We’ve added two shared bank slots to the
interface. These extra bank slots can be accessed by any character on
the same account and server. No-Drop and No Rent items can’t be placed
in these bank slots, and only one of any specific Lore item can exist
in the shared bank at any time.

- Spell Context Menus – This is a new interface menu that will make
memorizing spells less tedious. To access the spell menu, just right-
click an empty spell gem. This will open a list of spell categories.
Point your mouse at a category and a list of spells will be displayed.
Select a spell from that list to memorize it in that slot. Your
character will sit down, memorize the spell and stand back up.

- Spell Favorites – Spell favorites are an easy way to memorize a full
set of eight spells without the tedious book searching. Right-clicking
on the spellbook icon in your spell window will open up the spell
favorites menu. You will be able to save your current spell lineup as a
favorite, delete a favorite or memorize all the spells in one of your
already saved spell sets. You can save as many as ten sets of spell
favorites. As with the new spell context menus mentioned above, this
will not replace the spellbook, it is meant to make memorizing large
numbers of spells more convenient.

- Spell Descriptions – We have expanded the spell description window.
Along with the information that has always been available, we have
added an explanation about what the spell does in general that includes
damage and duration when appropriate. You can see these new
descriptions by right-clicking and holding on the spell scroll, the
spell gem in your Spells window, or the spell icon in your spellbook.

- New Camera – We’ve added a new camera mode to the game. Lovingly
dubbed the EQ Cam, it uses the mouse wheel to allow you to zoom away
from your character into a “chase” camera. This only works from first
person mode (the default view). Using the mouse wheel you can determine
the distance of the camera from your character, or to zoom back into
first person mode. When in the chase mode, mouselook turns the
character and camera together and you can change the pitch of the
camera using the mouse.

- NPC Names – Many NPCs will be displaying additional titles to make it
clearer what their job is. For example, an NPC that sells tailoring
supplies may have the title [Tailor Supplies] under their name. This
will help folks find the proper merchant. It’s analogous to them
hanging out their shingle.

- Rare Character Select Crash – Using the arrow keys to try to change
the selected character at the character select screen when there were
no characters on the account was causing people to crash out of the
game. That’s fixed now.

- Guild Message of the Day – Using certain HTML codes when setting up a
Guild Message of the Day was causing all members of the guild to crash.
While this may have been amusing for pranks on your guild, we still
decided to fix it.

** Spells **

- Spell level limits now enforced – Some high level spells cannot be
cast on characters under a certain level. In the past a caster could
get around this level restriction when casting a group version of a
spell by targeting a higher level group member, and the spell would
take effect on the whole group, regardless of their level. That
loophole has been closed. We’re sorry if you have grown accustomed to
the system working this way, but those level restrictions are important
to the integrity of lower level gameplay.

- Incineration and Conglaciation of Bones – Both of these spells should
now crit and stack (when cast by different casters).

- Divine Intervention – This spell should now be reporting the amount
of healing it delivers.

- Healing Messages – The target of a healing spell will now get a
message telling them the caster’s name and the amount of healing they
receive.

- Reporting Damage Over Time – Damage over Time (DoT) done to NPCs will
now be reported to the caster every time it does damage. These messages
can be filtered in the Options window.

- Boon of the Garou – The level restriction for this spell has been
removed. We have also fixed a bug with the spell that would prevent it
from being cast on target that are not on a horse if the enchanter is
on horseback (spell still cannot affect those on horseback).

- Wake of Karana – To improve the usefulness of this spell, we have
lowered the recast time from 90 seconds to 15 seconds.

- Beastlord Warders – Beastlords will once again be able to summon
their warders in the Plane of Sky. Sorry for the delay in getting this
one fixed properly.

- Familiars – Familiars will no longer attempt to equip items. This was
causing them to try to wear weapons inside their heads, which probably
isn’t a good thing for them to do.

- Spirit spell line – We have added +75 dexterity to the effects of
Spirit of Flame, Spirit of Rellic, and Spirit of Snow.

- Spell stacking and blocking – Changed the following spell lines to
cause them to bounce off of each other. Each line should block
everything from the other line, but still be overwritten by spells of
the same line.

Spiritual Strength
Spiritual Brawn
Spiritual Vigor

Strength of Tunare
Strength of Nature

Brell’s Mountainous Barrier
Brell’s Stalwart Shield
Brell’s Steadfast Aegis

- Translocation spells – Fixed a bug with translocation spells. If a
second translocation spell was cast on a character before he had
accepted the first, both would fail.

- Spell casting pets – In the past, pets were restricted to casting
spells of level 20 and below. We have given them access to higher level
spells. You may want to be careful with them until you get used to
their new abilities.

- Drunken Riders – We fixed an odd bug that allowed people who were
extremely drunk to cast spells without mana cost while on a horse. Yes,
crazy bugs like that actually happen. :)

** Zones **

- Droga and Nurga – The mines of Nurga have been inhabited by crafty
Goblins and stolid Burynai for many long years, digging and slaving
away under the earth. It’s time to shake them up! The redesign for
these zones are now on the Legends server, Stormhammer. The mines of
Nurga are a fun zone for characters of levels about 40 to 55. The
Temple of Droga accommodates characters around 50th to 65th level. Both
zones will have some new events and quest, while retaining the distinct
feel of the zones.

- Veksar – Since the rediscovery of the lands of Kunark, there have
been rumors springing from the ancient lore of the Iksar. Most of those
rumors remain unfounded, as gaining access to the lore of the insular
Iksar is no easy task. One of the most persistent legends is about a
city that lies buried under the Lake of Ill Omen. That city was called
Veksar, and it is up to you to discover the tale of its fate.

- Planes of Power access – Planes of Power has provided us with
valuable insight into the group and guild dynamics that are involved in
large scale games. The way that we had expected guilds to advance
through the story of Planes of Power has become a problem for some
guilds as some members have fallen behind and found it difficult to
catch up. Obviously this was not our intention. We want people to play
with their friends and guild mates.

To correct this issue, we will be allowing characters to enter the
following Planes of Power zones by meeting a simple level requirement:

Level 55 and over
Plane of Storms
Plane of Torment
Plane of Valor
Crypt of Decay

Level 62 and over
Bastion of Thunder
Halls of Honor

Characters that don’t meet the level requirement may still enter these
zones using the existing flags, and raids may still bring additional
unflagged or lower level characters with them. All other planes with
flag or story requirements for entry will still require those flags,
and those flags can still be obtained as they always have.

This will make the majority of Planes of Power zones available to
characters over the minimum level, and will allow their guilds to
travel and adventure together in the planes. We understand that those
that have already earned the entry flags for these zones have put some
effort into that accomplishment. We will be giving a reward to those
that have done so, though you’ll have to wait to see what that reward
is.

If you have completed the requirements for flags for these zones, you
may wish to visit Gram Dunnar. Part of the reward for gaining entry
flags is in the form of experience.

+++ Before speaking to Gram Dunnar, be sure you have your experience
distribution set as you’d like it between standard and alternate advancement experience. +++

- Great Divide – The Plane of Knowledge portal in the Great Divide will
now be available when the Ring War is in progress.

- Bastion of Thunder – We have upgraded the loot available from many of
the mini-bosses in the Bastion of Thunder to make the reward more
inline with the risk.

- Sol Ro’s Tower – They look like frogs, hop like frogs and now they
even react to spells like frogs. Flame Frogs are now flagged as
animals.

- Rallos Zek encounter – Rallos Zek will remove anyone from the zone
that attacks him if they are not part of the raid that has him engaged.
Even in war, there are rules to be followed.

** Items **

- Tradeskill item flag – There is a new flag on items. When viewing the
information about an item, if you see that it has a Tradeskill flag, it
is an item that can be used in a tradeskill recipe. This isn’t to
clearly spell out every item that is used in every tradeskill recipe.
The intent is to assist those who are finding items that do not already
have an obvious use, by letting them know that the item is used in a
tradeskill recipe, somewhere.

- LoY “Fine Steel” – Many of the more commonly dropped weapons in the
Legacy of Ykesha zones were a bit too powerful for the ease and level
needed to get them. Some of the most out of line items were the
Harpoon, Luggald Trident, and Luggald Dagger. We’ve decided that it is
necessary to tune them down a bit.

- The Hollow Acrylia Obelisk – This is the old Acrylia key. It has been
changed into a charm. This charm can be used by anyone, not just those
that own LoY.

- Bows – The Longbow of the Grimlings and the Bow of Gloaming have both
been given ranges. They can now be used properly.

- The Burning Flame Shield – This item had the wrong resist modifiers.
It now has a +30 fire resistance and a -10 cold resistance.

- Bazaar Search – Non-instrument items with instrument modifiers will
now show up in instrument type searches in the Bazaar.

- Ornate Stone Medicine Totem – This item can now be equipped.

- Storm Reaper Thorn Machete – This newbie Halfling quest weapon is now
flagged as magical.

- Charm of the Brotherhood – This item will now give a bonus when
grouped with others of either the same class or race.

- Dagger of Distraction – This item can no longer be used by Monks.

- Edge of Eternity – Beastlords and monks can no longer use this item.

- Veil of Lost Hopes and Orb of Clinging Death – The casting times on
both of these items has been lowered.

- Magi`Kot’s Pants of Convergence – The effect on this item has been
changed to summon a Rod of Mystical Transvergance.

- Cloak of the Falling Skies – The focus effect this item has changed
to Preservation of Solusek

- The Wristguard of Keen Vision – This item is now useable by int.
casters.

- The Mask of Conceptual Energy – This item is now useable by priests.

** Alternate Advancement **

- Lifeburn – This ability would cause an undue amount of aggro to be
generated because it would bring the caster to an extremely low number
of hit points, making them look like tasty targets to enemies nearby.
To lessen this problem, Lifeburn will no longer reduce the caster to 10
hit points, but to about one fourth of the caster’s hit points. This
should prevent the additional agro generated while retaining the risk
for using the ability.

- Feigned Minion – The Child of Bertoxxulous pet will no longer cast
buff spells to break his feign when under the Feigned Minion effect.

** Quests and Tradeskills **

- Bankers – There were a few quests that required giving an item to a
banker. When we recently removed the ability for characters to give
items to bankers to help prevent mistakenly losing items, those quests
became unavailable. We have moved those quests to new NPCs. If you see
any other quests that ask you to give something to a banker, please use
/bug and report it to us.

- Newly Stackable Items – Valor Crystals, Ceramic Linings, Holgresh Fur
and Casks are now stackable. Also, Valor Crystals can be sold to
vendors.

- Sewer Catfish – These unappetizing fish have begun to appear in
Cabilis.

- Klok Foob – Will now accept a Catfish Croak Sandwich.

** Changes for New Characters **

- Newbie Starting Locations – We’ve modified all locations where new
characters start to make them a bit more convenient for the new player.
They should all start very near their guild masters.

- Nudging – New characters will be given a text message to encourage
them to hand in their newbie note to their guild master. For new
players, this is one of the key things to get them involved in
gameplay, and one of the easiest to overlook.

- Guild Masters – To help guide new characters, Guild Masters now take
a more active role in helping out new recruits by directing them to
some starting points for quests.

- Quests – There are even more quests in the newbie zones, most of them
revolving around the pests that seem to inhabit even the grandest
cities.

** Miscellaneous **

- We are working on an update to the Luclin player character model
animations. This will not be a complete revamp of all the animations,
but will address some of the most common concerns. However, in the mean
time you may see some unusual animations, particularly when shorter PCs
are running.

** UI File Changes **

NOTE: In order to see the new Shared Bank slots, you will need to use
the default bank window, or modify your custom bank window to include
the new slots.

EQUI_Optionswnd.xml
EQUIhelpwnd.xml
Bankwnd.xml
BigBankwnd.xml
Help.html

Noted Later: The reward for planar progression has been added. If you
have completed the requirements for flags for the newly opened Planes
of Power zones, you may wish to visit Gram Dunnar in the Plane of
Knowledge.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 12, 2002 News Story: Prexus Server Crashes Entirely
——————————

Last night at about 1:00 in the morning Prexus had a severe breakdown.
Our Operations team has been working to get it restored and back into
service. Our hope is that we’ll have it back up and running some time
this evening.

That’s the bad news. The worse news is that we will have to recreate
all of the characters on the server from backups that are perhaps more
than 24 hours old. Anything those characters have earned in the last
day or so will be lost. Unfortunately, we will not be able to restore
items or experience lost to the roll back.

There is some potential good news, though. If you have deleted a
character in the last year or so, that character may return. So if you
see a character that you deleted a few months ago on your character
select screen, that’s why.

Important Note: The restoration of these characters may leave you with more
than eight characters on Prexus. In cases like this, the character
select screen will list your characters in alphabetical order, and only
show you the first eight of those characters. This may make some of
your characters appear to be missing. They are not missing. All you
need to do is delete one or more of the visible characters in order to
see the ones that are not shown.

We are extremely sorry that this has happened. We are doing everything
we can to restore the server.

Alan

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 17, 2003
——————————

We have updated the Run, Walk and Turn animations for the Luclin
models. As you can tell, new animations require a lot of data. We’re
sorry for the size of the update, but we think you’ll like the changes.

Thank you.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 24, 2003
——————————

Stability – we have made some changes that should increase server
stability.

Pathing issues – Corrected some issues with pathing that were causing
warping in the Halls of Honor and allowing NPCs to teleport to places
that they shouldn’t have (in Highkeep, for example). Also, creatures
should no longer spin after returning to their spawn points (this was
most noticeable with dragons and wurms).

……………………………………………………………



……………………………………………………………

——————————
July 1, 2003
——————————

Effective immediately, customers who reside within the European Union
will be charged VAT equal to 17.5% of their subscription fees.

To comply with changes in the law in the European Union, EverQuest
subscribers who are residents of EU countries will be charged VAT equal
to 17.5% of the subscription fees. These changes require that digital
services be taxed at the point of consumption , i.e. in your country of
residence. The countries currently covered by this policy are Austria,
Belgium, Denmark, Finland, France, Germany, Greece, Ireland, Italy,
Luxembourg, The Netherlands, Portugal, Spain, Sweden, and United
Kingdom.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
July 10, 2003
——————————

** Information Gathering **

You will soon notice a new dialogue box appear when you log in (it
appears after logging in three times to prevent spam for new players).
We are asking you to let us gather a bit of information about your
computer that will help us build the future of EverQuest.

The important thing here is that you can say no and we won’t gather any
information.

If you do accept, we’ll gather CPU, RAM and video card information to
help us evaluate and improve EverQuest. If you agree and then change
your mind later, you can disable the feature under the Options tab
(Alt-O) and then the General tab in game.

So when you see the new dialogue box appear, please read it over
carefully and click whichever answer you feel most comfortable with.

Thanks.

** Zones **

- Droga and Nurga moving to Live servers – These zones were revamped
and sent to Legends, and now they are moving to the Live servers. This
is a great chance to revisit these zones.

- Chardok – Treachery and lies are not uncommon in the court of the
Overking. But there are some unusual rumors being told by some unusual
adventurers. Some say that there is strife within the council of the
Overking, and that heroes may find adventure there while that strife
lasts. OOC: We’re introducing a new zone and a new zone type. The Halls
of Betrayal is a “pocket zone”, and new type of zone for EverQuest. It
will exist for a short time to be part of the storyline, and then will
be gone. So if you’re going to see it, now is the time.

- Grieg’s End revamp going to Legends – The redesign includes new
encounters, items, traps, and events that make the zone a challenge for
the experience group, with plenty of events for a raid group.

- Plane of Earth B – we have removed the Call of the Hero restrictions
in this zone.

- Rallos Zek – the Warlord will now kick anyone out of the zone that is
on his hate list and is not in a valid raid greater then 20 people in
size. This should prevent single players being able to attack him and
grief other players who are making a valid attempt at him. This is in
addition to the previous limitations of having only one raid allowed to
attack him at any given time.

- Increased Experience – We have increased the experience modifier in
the Tower of Solusek Ro, Halls of Honor, The Temple of Marr, and the
Lair of Terris Thule.

- Bastion of Thunder – The mini-bosses in Bastion of Thunder no longer
spawn immediately after the zone comes up.

** Tradeskills **

- Tradeskill chance of failures changed – The higher your skill is over
the trivial of the combine, the less likely you are to fail with a
combine. This is a reduction on the chance to always fail.

- Stackable – Ice Burrower Silk, Pie Tins and Muffin Tins are now
stackable.

** Spells **

- New Imbue, Enchant, and Thicken spells – New Imbue, Enchant, and
Thicken spells have been added that create five magical items rather
than just one. These spells require five components and take longer to
cast and use more mana.

- Damage Over Time Spell Foci – Extended Affliction has been changed to
Burning Affliction, which causes DoT spells to do more damage instead
of having a longer duration.

- Enthrall spells – Enthrall spells will not un-stun the target when
they wear off if there are other enthrall spells on that target. Also,
when an enthrall spell breaks due to damage it will now remove all
Enthrall spells, not just the first one it finds.

- Ferocity – We have removed the component requirement for Ferocity.

- Kindle – We have added a new Magician spell to the game called
Kindle.

- Force of Akera – We have added a new Paladin spell to the game called
Force of Akera.

- Burnout V – this spell should now stack with the Shielding line of
spells.

- New Spell levels for Clarity line – Boon of the Clear Mind is now a
level 44 spell, Clarity II is now a level 52 spell and Gift of Pure
Thought is now level 56.

- Area of Effect spells – AoE spells that do not affect your group in
PvP no longer affect your Raid in PvP either.

- Direct Damage spell messages – Striking the killing blow with a
direct damage spell will no longer show a double cast on the spell
message.

- Target Group Buff – TGB will no longer work with any illusions.

- Illusion – With Permanent Illusion, Levitation effects will no longer
be stripped when zoning and gnome enchanters with a large-size illusion
will no longer return to gnome size after zoning. In general,
characters that are under the effect of a size-changing illusion should
be seen properly by everyone.

- Song Spam – Bards should see less spam when they hit low level PCs
with their high level songs.

- Treeform – This spell should now work in Luclin outdoor zones.

- Draught of Lightning – We have added a new Wizard spell to the game
called Draught of Lightning.

** Items **

- Bards Using Components – Bards using right-click items with a casting
time greater than 0 will now expend any required components.

- Ornate Armor Molds – These molds are more readily available.

- Spellshield – Spellshield items now reduces spell damage by a
percentage rather than a fixed amount.

- Strikethrough and Stun Resist – You will now receive a message when
Strikethrough and Stun Resist work.

** Quests **

- Newbie Quests – Erudites, Trolls, Ogres and Barbarians now have
quests in their newbie areas similar to those implemented for all other
races. This completes the updated newbie quests for all races.

- Seana and Stefan Marsinger – These two will be clearer when giving
their quest requests, and will return them if you hand them to the
wrong Marsinger.

- Bors Wharhammer – He will be checking level instead of flags as a
requirement for his quests to bring him in-line with the flag removals
for the lower tier planes.

** Alternate Advancement **

- Frenzied Burnout – this ability has been changed to better stack with
the Burnout spells. The attack speed portion of the spell has been
reduced in percentage (it hastes the pet much less), but changed to a
“bard” haste which will stack with Burnout V. The strength bonus has
also been decreased but made to stack with that of Burnout V.

** Skills **

- Sneak – Sneak will now work under water.

- Instill Doubt – Instill Doubt will now work if the Monk is using his
other skills. Previously, use of other skills such as a kick would
cause Instill Doubt to fail.

** Interface **

- Camera – We have added the ability to bind cameras to keys. This will
allow players to hit one key to switch to a desired camera rather than
having to cycle through the F9 camera chain. This can be changed in the
Options window (Alt-O) under the Keyboard tab (select “camera” from the
list).

- Auto-inventory – Items right-clicked off your corpse will now be
place into your inventory in the correct order.

- Spell Favorites – Creating a spell favorite name that matches a name
that already exists will cause the new favorite to be saved over the
old (whereas before it would create a second list with the same name).

- Random name generator – Asking for a name should no longer result in
a name that will be rejected due to duplication. Note: names can still
be rejected by GM’s.

- Bow Graphics – Bows that have been autoequipped will now display a
graphic.

- Raids – The creation of a group will now work from inside a raid.

- New Filters – We’ve added a Melee Warnings filter. It will filter out
“cannot see your target” and “cannot hit them from here” messages,
along with other such melee warnings.

- Spell category lists – We moved a few of the Necromancer spells
around on the category lists (from right-clicking spell gems) to make
more sense.

** Miscellaneous **

- Updated character creation descriptions – Right-clicking the class,
race or statistic buttons while in the character creation screen will
display a detailed explanation of the item clicked.

- Clicking on corpses – Right-clicking on a PC corpse other than your
own will no longer make a character visible.

- Mounts – Fixed a bug with mounts showing up with incorrect Luclin
model settings. Mounts should now only show up when the Luclin models
for the character race of the rider AND mounts/elementals are both on.

Also, as a heads up to players that have created their own user
interfaces for EverQuest, these are the interface files that we have
changed:

EQUI_Optionswnd.xml
EQUI.xml
EQUI_charactercreate.xml

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 6, 2003 3:00 am
——————————

Note: Some internal data restructuring created a delay in the
introduction of the new platinum slot in the shared bank and the new
text filters. We will bring those to the Live servers as soon as we
can.

** New Adventure in Lavastorm! **

In the depths of the Lavastorm Mountains there is only one ruler. But
even his burning breath and power have their limits. Rumor has it that
there is wealth and danger in locations even further below the boiling
lands than Lord Nagafen can reach. These tales have been spreading like
ripples on a calm lake, and their point of origin appears to be an
upstart barbarian named Morden. Some say that he’s already delved these
fabled caverns and taken what there was of value. Other say that he
couldn’t have carried it all off by himself. But most say that he’s a
rogue, a teller of tales, and not to be trusted. Will you discover the
truth and brave the heat, or will you sit beside your cozy campfire and
listen to stories?

This new adventure zone will only be around for a while, so you may
want to visit soon.

** Spells **

- Summoned Burning Affliction focus items added – Mages have four new
spells, Summon Wooden Bracelet, Summon Stone Bracelet, Summon Iron
Bracelet, and Summon Steel Bracelet. The bracelets summoned provide the
Burning Affliction effect for DoT spells.
- Summoned container spells updated – The Quiver of Marr, Bandoleer of
Luclin and the Pouch of Quellious now appear filled with the
appropriate item (for example, the Quiver of Marr now appears with six
stacks of arrows). Also, these items should all be exactly the same, so
the quiver function should work properly.
- Mass Enchant spells corrected – The mass enchant spells for
Adamantite, Brellium, Mithril and Steel now create the 5 enchanted
blocks that they should.
- Illusion: Guktan is available – This is an illusion spell for the new
Froglok models.
- Illusion: Scaled Wolf is available – This is an illusion spell for
the Scaled Wolf seen in Kunark.
- Tiny Companion – The spell scroll for this spell is no longer No
Drop.
- Dooming Darkness no longer overwrites Cascading Darkness.

** Items **

- Moss Covered Hood – This item can now be equipped by all classes.
- Silk String – This item is now stackable.

** Trade Skills **

- New Fletching recipes added – We’ve added several new Karana-only
fletching recipes to help round out that skill.

** Quests and Zones **

- Halls of Betrayal – Corrected an error with some of the quest item
drops in this zone.
- Plane of Time – The events in Plane of Time B now remember the
progress your raid has made through the zone when you leave and will
restore you to the same state when you return.
- Kagazz will respond when you ask him about fasteners.
- Experience in city zones updated – Some time around the release of
Planes of Power we reduced the experience gain in some city zones. The
experience gained from quests in those zone has been increased.
- Ogre newbie quests – Added a weapon quest for young ogres.
- Iksar Necromancer Spell Vendors – The Iksar necromancer spell vendors
have moved and are a lot closer to the necromancer guild. This should
make it easier for new necromancers to find these vendors and will
hopefully boost their sales.

** Miscellaneous **

- Spell book bug – Corrected a bug that was causing characters to be
randomly forced to stand up when in their spell book.
- Client crash information – If your game crashes on the client side, a
dialogue box will come up asking if you’d like to send us the
information about the crash. This information may help us pinpoint
problems and make it easier to fix them. Only information relevant to
the crash, your character name, server name and the zone you were in
will be sent.

** Fan Faire **

Chicago Fan Faire is sneaking up on us! The Chicago event will be held
September 26-28th, and the last day to guarantee your spot at the event
by pre-registering is September 8th. To reserve your spot and pre-
register, or to simply get more information, please go to
www.everquest.com/fanfaire. See you in Chicago!

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 6, 2003 12:00 pm
——————————

** Live Update Addendum **

Just a brief update, as we’d like to get the word out quickly. Two
issues with items being sent to the live servers have been discovered.
Both will be fixed in another update at 3:00am.

- Weapons that have “special” types of damage, such as elemental and
bane damage, are not working properly.

- A planned upgrade to the Shinai of the Ancients that is presently on
the Test Server did not make it live as intended.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 7, 2003 3:00 am
——————————

** Items **

- Ghaib’s Flame-Forged Longsword will no longer give an out of charges
message.

- Shinai of the Ancients has had its delay lowered to 20.

- Elemental and bane damage weapons are once again working correctly.

** Events **

- Caverns of Exile – An event NPC who was doing too much damage has
been corrected.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 7, 2003 7:30 pm
——————————

** Lost Dungeons of Norrath Adventures **

The Lost Dungeons of Norrath is our largest expansion to-date,
featuring the most content ever delivered in an EverQuest expansion.
The Lost Dungeons expansion features 48 new dungeons that span the old
world of Norrath, focusing on several long lost locations, including
the Rujarkian Hills and Deepest Guk. Encounter never before seen
monsters that prowl the halls of these dungeons, waiting to challenge
any explorer brave enough to venture in.

In this expansion, players are introduced to several exciting new
concepts in adventuring through the world of EverQuest. After joining
the Wayfarers Brotherhood, you and your group undertake perilous new
adventures into the recently unearthed Lost Dungeons of Norrath. These
new adventures offer many benefits, including a clearly defined goal,
the ability to play and make progress in a couple hours per adventure,
and the confidence that you can set a time to meet your friends and
have a dungeon fully available for you right away – no competition and
no waiting!

Additionally, one of the most important gameplay improvements we’ve
made in Lost Dungeons of Norrath is the introduction of personalized
dungeon adventures for single groups. When you and your group receive
an adventure, you’re provided with a full dungeon exclusively for your
own use. There’s no need to worry that you’re competing against others
to reach the same goal, or that someone might already be camping there.
All the focus is on having fun, which allows you to get lost in the
adventuring and fighting to accomplish your objective. The challenge is
the dungeons themselves – if you can best the Lost Dungeons, you
deserve the rewards.

Lost Dungeons of Norrath breaks the mold of traditional zones by
allowing every zone in the expansion to provide adventures for all
groups between levels 20 and 65. Each time you embark on a new
adventure, you’re sent to one of 48 distinct dungeon zones, each
customized with challenging monsters and traps tailored to the level of
your group. This means, as long as you’re over level 20, you’ll have 48
challenging new dungeons to explore and conquer!

Beyond the hundreds of single-group adventures in the Lost Dungeons
expansion, you can also join up to 36 of your friends for powerful raid
encounters! Take part in several new raids that you can do on your own
schedule, with no competition or racing against other guilds. Set up
raiding times that are convenient for you and your friends, with the
knowledge that the dungeon will be there waiting for you when you log
in!

The Lost Dungeons of Norrath expansion will redefine EverQuest by
providing an enormous amount of adventuring possibilities, with the
addition of massive amounts of content to the game – far more than any
previous expansion.

Pre-order yours today by pressing Pre-order at the server select
screen, or at https://store.station.sony.com!

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 19, 2003 10:00 pm
——————————

** Lost Dungeons of Norrath Downloads **

If you ever plan on ordering or buying Lost Dungeons, we recommend
starting the downloads now.

You can start downloading files *before* you make any decision to pre-
order the expansion!

We have been introducing the LDoN files in small bits for several days
now. This is the most convenient way for you to get the files you’ll
need for the new expansion.

Whether you plan on ordering the expansion online, or buying it in the
store, or are even thinking that you might buy it sometime later on,
you’ll have a much easier time if you get the downloading out of the
way in our daily LDoN pre-downloads.

As with all expansion releases, the downloaders will likely be very
busy on the first day. Even if you buy the CD, you’ll still need to
wait through a small download on launch day.

We recommend beating the launch-day rush and downloading as much as you
can, as early as you can. It will get you online and into the game that
much faster.

The easiest way to begin downloading the files is to click yes when the
dialogue box pops up asking you if you’d like to incrementally download
LDoN.

If you’ve already told that dialogue never to appear again, you can get
the files in a few easy steps:

- Run EverQuest from your Start menu or Desktop shortcut as normal.
- Click the Advanced button
- Click the checkbox next to Lost Dungeons of Norrath
- Click Save
- Click Download

This will catch you up on the downloads you have missed, and will
update you as we continue to add files. This will make your download
much smaller the day LDoN launches, or the day you purchase the digital
version of the expansion.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 26, 2003
——————————

** Zone Revamps **

- The Deep, Charasis (Howling Stones), Dragon Necropolis, Siren’s
Grotto, The Hole, The City of Mist, and The Accursed Temple of Cazic-
Thule have been partially revamped. Gameplay in these zones has been
improved, based on feedback from players and careful review of the
content. The changes are not dramatic, but make these zones more
entertaining to play in.

- The Plane of Mischief, home of the trickster Bristlebane, has
undergone an extensive revamp. As one of the most unusual places to
visit in EverQuest, this zone is a very interesting challenge, if you
have a sturdy funny bone. The improved zone is now available on
Stormhammer.

- The Greig’s End revamp is now available on the Live servers. The
redesign includes new encounters, items, traps, and events that make
the zone a challenge for the experience group, with plenty of events
for a raid group.

** Interface **

- /memspellset # – Using this command memorizes one of your saved spell
sets. # is the number or name (or shortened name) of the spell set you
wish to memorize. Note that if you use a shortened version of the spell
set name, it will match the first spell set that has those characters,
so /memspellset Dots will find your “Dots and Charms”, or “Dots”, or
“Dotsandstuff” – whichever shows up first on your list.

- A Platinum slot has been added to the shared bank to make
transactions between characters on the same account more convenient.

- Clip Plane – The clip plane slider should work more reliably now.
Where before it may not have done anything until lowered to a very low
percentage, now the slider should have an effect at any setting.

- Filters for your own pet’s messages have been added. Your own pet’s
attacks are no longer subject to the Other Attacks/Misses filters. On
the options screen there is now a separate button for filtering YOUR
Pet attack messages. Also, the ability to redirect your pet attack
messages to any chat window has been added to the chat window context
menus.

- /random messages can now be sent to any chat window you’d like. There
is no option to filter these messages, however, to prevent any loss of
the information in cases where it is needed (meaning, people can’t
claim that they didn’t see the /random that they lost just to force a
re-roll).

- The Journal Window has been changed to make it easier to use and
understand. We’ve merged the the two information windows into a single
window.

- Fixed a bug in the Looking for Group window. The Get Matches button
should no longer grey out at inappropriate times.

- The Bad Word Filter now filters chat channel text as well as other
game text.

- To make things a little more logical, the /inspect command will allow
characters to inspect interactive objects for LDoN, and /toggleinspect
allows you to toggle on or off the ability to inspect other player
characters using the mouse.

** Alternate Advancement **

- Purify Soul reuse time reduced from 72 minutes to 30 minutes.

- Divine Resurrection reuse time reduced from 36 hours to 18 hours.

- Celestial Regeneration reuse timer reduced from 72 minutes to 15
minutes. We have increased the duration from 24 seconds to 48 seconds,
adjusted the amount healed, and made this a group effect.

- Celestial Renewal duration increased from 24 seconds to 48 seconds,
adjusted the amount healed, and this has become a group effect.

- Harmtouch has been fixed. There was a problem with the timer for
Harmtouch that would make it appear to reset when the character was
logged out, even though it does not reset until the appropriate amount
of time has passed.

- Summon Death Charger and Summon Holy Steed have been fixed. We fixed
a bug that caused these abilities to fail until the character zoned or
logged out.

- Endless Quiver no longer grants an endless supply of thrown weapons,
only arrows.

** Spells **

- Unswerving Hammer of Faith has had its mana cost reduced from 250 to
175.

- Divine Barrier no longer has a damage shield component and has gained
three times the healing effect.

- Celestial Remedy has had its mana cost lowered from 190 to 150.

- A targeting issue with pets is now fixed. There was a bug that caused
pets to be untargetable with the F1 key and with pet spells that target
the pet automatically. This was happening only if a pet was summoned
and then a mount was summoned.

- AE Rain Spells were resisted 100% of the time when an NPC was above
level 20 and had less than 10% of its hit points left. This will no
longer happen.

- Eye of Zomm would cause a player’s pet to kill itself if that pet was
commanded to kill the owner’s Eye. This has been corrected. Also, the
Eye no longer moves at incredible speed under water, but they can now
swim up and down in water.

- PBAoE Songs no longer prevent a bard from singing if used while the
bard has himself targeted.

- Illusions can once again be cast on others while the caster is on a
mount.

- When Invisibility drops due to looting a corpse, the player will be
informed that their invisibility has dropped.

- Pets no longer break enthrall.

- Armor of the Zealot will no longer be overwritten by Focus of Soul
and Focus of the Seventh. Blessed Armor of the Risen and Ancient: High
Priest’s Bulwark will no longer be overwritten by Focus of Spirit or
Khura’s Focusing. Also, Pact of Hate and Call of Darkness should stack
properly (meaning that they won’t stack).

- Illusion: Guktan was fixed on all servers a little while ago. We just
wanted you to be aware that the spell will make the target look like a
Guktan, not a male human.

** Zones and Quests **

- Bazaar – We have increased the limit on the number of traders in the
bazaar. We fixed an issue that would cause the “Begin Trader” button to
be disabled if a player tried to use it when the maximum number of
traders was reached. And the “Held” slot option was removed from the
search, since it is not a valid option.

- The Coirnav Encounter has been modified to respawn faster when the
encounter is failed badly (if the attempt fails to reach a certain
depth in the encounter).

- The Illusion: Guktan quest had some issues. We have addressed them.

** New Player Improvements **

- After creating a new character, that character is the default
selection on the character select screen.

- At character creation, left-clicking on an attribute displays text
that explains what that attribute is important for. Right-clicking
allocates the maximum possible points to that attribute.

- To help reduce clutter for the new player, the Story window no longer
pops up when a player first logs in.

- When a context Tip window pops up, if the Tip of the Day is still
open, the Tip of the Day window will close. Again, this is to help
reduce the clutter.

- We’ve change the name of the “Camp” button in the Actions window to
“Camp (Exit)” for clarity.

- The Inventory Tip window now explains how to read books and notes,
how to give/trade items with NPC’s, and how to scribe spells.

- We’ve added a text message on the screen to inform players when they
are loading a zone, and what zone they are about to enter.

- Added numeric background to buttons in the Hot Button window to make
it easier to tell which button corresponds to which number key.

- The Mousewheel zoom is now enabled by default.

- New installations of EverQuest will default to 1024×768 resolution.

** Misc **

- Fixed a bug that caused some equipment to be invisible on characters
created recently (since our update on August 6th).

- Luclin elemental models will now display if selected, regardless of
other settings for Luclin models. You can turn these models on with no
other Luclin models active, and you will see the Luclin elemental.

- Hitting cancel on a trade window or using the /consent or /deny
commands will now only send you one message, not two.

** UI Files **

* Changed *

EQUI_BankWnd.xml
EQUI_BigBankWnd.xml
EQUI_OptionsWindow.xml
EQUI_ActionsWindow.xml
EQUI_JournalNPCWnd.xml
SIDL.xml
EQUI_Animations.xml
EQUI_HotButtonWnd.xml
EQUI.xml

dragitem26.tga

* New *

dragitem27.tga
window_pieces06.tga
window_pieces07.tga

* Removed *

EQUI_JournalTextWnd.xml

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 28, 2003
——————————

- Two Bastion of Thunder keys and one key in the Plane of Air that were
supposed to open up a location for your entire group were only taking
the key holder. We have fixed that problem. Also, the Enchanted Ring of
Torden will now attach to your key ring the next time you use it.

- The “base” population in the Tower of Solusek Ro now has the ability
to summon. Please be aware of this the next time you enter the tower of
the god of flame.

- We have corrected a pathing issue in South Karana that was causing
the NPCs to all travel to the same point.

- Cloth caps will no longer drop off NPCs in Siren’s Grotto.

- We have reduced the number of characters in a raid required to access
the Plane of Time from 40 to 18.

- The Burrower has been modified back to its original difficulty.

- A tether has been added to Fennin Ro.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
September 9, 2003
——————————

*** Lost Dungeons of Norrath Launches! ***

Make sure to check out this groundbreaking new expansion! EVERY new
zone has something fun and rewarding just waiting for everyone levels
20-65, and there’s always something available for you!

For the first time in EverQuest you have the ability to interact with
your environment in new and exciting ways! Find that chest at the end
of the dungeon, but approach it carefully – It may be trapped.

In addition, there have been rumors of a new type of treasure that
allow you to improve your existing equipment, augmenting what you’ve
already earned with new power…

Succeed and be rewarded as YOU choose! Those who best the Lost Dungeons
will find that the Adventurers have quite the cache of treasure that
they’ve discovered on their own. It seems that, the more you help them
in their cause, the more they’re willing to share…

If you have purchased Lost Dungeons, thank you and welcome!

If you haven’t — What are you waiting for? Order now and join the
grand Adventure!

*** Game Updates ***

** Items **

- Warrior and Magician epic changes – A new version of these two epic
items is available to accommodate the new item augmentations. Both of
these epics are basically summoned items, and therefore they would lose
any augmentations when used or unsummoned. Players wishing to change
these items into “permanent” versions in order to augment them should
do the following:

Warrior Epic – Talk to Gartrog Smitehammer in East Freeport. He will
replace your Red Scabbard and Jagged Blade of War with augmentable
versions of the Jagged Blade of War, the Blade of Strategy, and the
Blade of Tactics. You will not receive the Red Scabbard back, as it
will no longer be useful to you.

Magician Epic – Talk to Ilisiv Gantrau in the Tox Forest. She will take
a summoned Orb of Mastery and replace it with a permanent augmentable
orb. The epic pet is still summoned in exactly the same way, with no
changes to the spell or use.

** Zones and Quests **

- Plane of Mischief – We have updated the factions for a few NPCs for
this zone on Stormhammer only. All of the NPCs there are meant to be
aggressive. Some of them were on the wrong faction, and were not
aggressive. They are now.

- The Deep – There were some NPCs in this zone that could see invisible
but were bugged to be non-aggressive. They will again be aggressive, so
be more cautious when using invisibility in The Deep.

- Plane of Valor – The Aerin’Dar projection was despawning after only a
few minutes. It will now remain as long as other projections.

- City of Mist – Black Reavers are immune to magic once again.

- Oxidized Steel Plate will now drop. This should allow the completion
of the Rallican’s Bracer quest

- The Ghost of Kindle has returned.

- Manastone is no longer usable in The Hole.

- The trader limit increase mentioned in the last update should be
working properly now.

** Spells **

- We have reduced the cost of the Summon Wooden, Stone and Iron
Bracelet spells.

- We have added new Skeleton models for pets, illusions, and
transformation spells.

- We have changed the underlying way that pet focus items work to allow
for future upgrades and items. All existing foci should work as they
always have. If you notice anything unusual when using a pet focus,
please /bug report the issue.

** Interface **

- Context Tips – We have added a question mark symbol to windows that
have help information available. Just click on the question mark in the
upper right of the window to see the tips.

** Miscellaneous **

- Fixed a bug that was causing NPCs to appear to have a larger melee
range than they should have in some cases.

- Sullon Zek – There was a bug that allowed players to create
characters on opposing alliances. That is no longer possible. If you
see this message:

“You currently have characters created on opposing deity alliances. You
can only have characters that are on the same alliance. Please correct
this by deleting the character that was recently created and has an
opposing alliance with the first character you created.”

You will not be able to log in until you delete any characters that are
not on the same alliance.

** UI Files **

* Changed *

SIDL.xml
EQUI_Templates.xml
EQUI_Animations.xml
EQUI.xml
dragitem27.tga
window_pieces01.tga

* New *

EQUI_AdventureRequestWnd.xml
EQUI_AdventureMerchantWnd.xml
EQUI_AdventureLeaderboardWnd.xml
EQUI_AdventureStatsWnd.xml

** Known Issues **
_
This is the list of cosmetic issues that we’re aware aren’t perfect,
but determined as acceptable to launch with, as_none should affect
peoples’ ability to enjoy the game._
_
Rather than attempt last-minute changes that often break more than they
fix, these will be addressed in an update after Lost Dungeons’ launch.
_
- Paladins and Shadowknights:_ The new INSPECT and OPEN ability buttons
will *appear* disabled for the duration of your Harm Touch or Lay Hands
timers when you use those abilities._ You may still use INSPECT and
OPEN, however._ It just won’t look like you can.
_
- When receiving an adventure from one of the Wayfarers’ Camps, for
now, the Adventure Window does not automatically close when you walk
away from the Adventure Recruiter as it should._
_
- Pet Users:_ If you tell your pet to attack an interactive object
(chest, vase, coffin, etc) inside of a dungeon, your pet will tell you
that it is attacking, but it will not actually attack._ This is a
problem with the message, not the behavior. _The pet should be telling
you that it cannot attack such a thing.

** Use Augmentations Wisely **

If you have an item with more than one slot available and you intend to
apply an Augmentation Item that can fit into any slot (i.e. Type 1), be
sure to apply it last.

For example, you have an item with three slots available and you have
filled Slot 1 with an Augmentation Item. In your bag you have an
Augmentation Item that can fit into any slot on the item (i.e. Type 1)
and one that fits into Slot 2. If you use the Type 1 Augmentation Item
first, it will fill the first open slot on your item, which would be
Slot 2 in this case. This means you will not be able to use the Slot 2-
specific Augmentation Item you had available.

So, remember, the rule is that if you have an Augmentation Item that
can be used it any slot, be sure to apply it last!

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 9, 2003
——————————

* Zones and NPCs **

- Two new raid zones have been added to the Lost Dungeons on the
Legends server. These are Guk-themed raids, one for Elemental Plane and
one for Time Plane capable raiders.

- The revamped Plane of Mischief is now available on all Live servers.

- There were some situations where the warders in Vex Thal could be up,
but the bosses needed to kill them would not be available. That
shouldn’t happen anymore.

- Shrunk the giant wolves that appeared in the lands.

- The Coirnav encounter has been changed. Be much more careful if you
have been relying on stuns to deal with this encounter.

- Corrected an issue with the Filth Gorgers that was causing them to
remain around with they were supposed to despawn.

- Soldiers of Madness in Grieg’s End will no longer be so unbelievably
numerous.

- Zoning into the Plane of Fire will no longer cause characters to
occasionally take 20k points of damage.

- The Froglok Hunter and Forager will no longer be killed by the
inhabitants of Trakanon’s Teeth, so they should be easier to find.

- When Mithaniel Marr is killed, his planar projection now spawns in
the middle of his room rather than at the point of death. This fixes a
problem that could cause the projection to appear out of reach.

- The Qeynos investigator is now taking “follow me” orders again.

** Adventures **

- Every character that successfully completes an adventure will now get
at least one point as a reward. This is also true for the
“consolation” rewards.

- Completing Hard adventures will yield more points.

- Several trap spells on interactive objects have had their severity
reduced.

- Added some new type 7 and type 8 augmentations to various adventure
merchants.

- It will be clearer now which raids are “hard” and which are “normal”.
Hard raids are intended for Time capable guilds. They are very hard.

- All raid recruiters now properly check to be sure that you have
completed two adventures in their respective themes before they will
give out the raid.

- Fixed an issue in a Mistmoore’s Catacomb raid that was preventing
players from accessing an interactive object they had earned for
killing Sfisithik.

- Removed the ability to see through Shroud of Stealth from some of the
NPCs that appear in LDoN Raids.

- There was a misconception about the behavior of goblins in some
Rujarkian Hills adventures. Goblins that are fleeing because they are
unwilling to die or are seeking help will make it clear that they are
doing so. We also corrected an issue that could cause these goblins to
“ping pong” in some cases.

- All of the “flavor” NPCs in dungeons (usually those that are lying
down, nearly dead) will display full health to make it impossible to
tell what kind of NPC they are (friend or foe) simply by looking at
their health level.

- Hostages will no longer be attacked by their captors.

- We thinned out the population in the Grand Library and a few other
Miragul’s Menagerie themed zones to bring the challenge in line.

- Rats in Mistmoore’s Catacombs are now animals, shadows are now
summoned.

** Items and Objects **

- Corrected a bug that allowed players to buy multiple lore
augmentations if they were in a bag (which also caused issues when
trying to loot corpses with those items). If you had multiple lore
items, the extra items will be removed. A refund for the points spent
on those items will be made when they are deleted.

- Broken Chunk of Coal, Cracked Ruby, and Charred Pebble are no longer
valid augmentations. If you had these augmentations bonded to an item,
you will find them on your cursor. You can take those items to Dible
Hedledrap in South Ro and he will restore your adventure points.

- Perfect Garnet of Constitution, Pristine Garnet of Constitution,
Perfect Sapphire of Insight, and Pristine Sapphire of Insight can be
turned in to Dible Heldedrap in South Ro. He will replace them with
type 8 versions of the same items.

- Changed pre-LDoN items to have a single slot of type 7 instead of 1.
Some LDoN items which had a slot type 1 were also changed to type 7.

- Fixed a bug with the Adventurer’s Stone that would sometimes cause it
to not display its bonuses.

- Interactive objects will now only appear on LDoN raids when the main
boss has been killed. This change was done to prevent an exploit, and
is a temporary change.

- We have improved the types of rewards that can be found in
interactive objects to improve the reward given for the risk taken by
opening them.

- Fixed a bug that prevented augments with no deity restrictions from
combining with deity-restricted items.

- Added a message that should make it clearer when a character is
unable to loot an interactive object because they are on an NPC’s hate
list.

- Hand-to-hand weapons are now part of the one-handed restriction on
augmentations. So augmentations that say they can be used with one-
handed items will also work with hand-to-hand items.

- Geomancer’s Crown of Reformation now fits in the head slot and the
effect is worn instead of right clicked.

- Gravestone of Dire Melodies and the Limestone Shard of Battle Cries
will now properly modify instrument skills.

- All of Royal Attendant Armor will now show up as plate armor.

- Rogue pets focused with Summoner’s Boon should no longer lose the
ability to backstab.

- Shard of Shrunken Bone was changed from Shield of Pain III to Shield
of Pain II.

- Changed many of the new Lost Dungeons “shields” to make them useable
as shields (they can be used to bash now).

- Removed augmentation slots from the following items: Primal Velium
Knight’s Sword, Divine Hammer of Consternation, Breezeboot’s Frigid
Gnasher, Primal Velium Fist Wraps, Primal Velium Battlehammer, Primal
Velium Spear, Primal Velium Claidhmore, Primal Velium Brawl Stick,
Primal Velium War Lance, Primal Velium Reinforced Bow, Primal Velium
Battle Axe, Primal Velium Warsword, Ancient Prismatic Bow, Ancient
Prismatic Lance, Ancient Prismatic Spear, Ancient Prismatic Claymore,
Ancient Prismatic Brawl Stick, Ancient Prismatic Battlehammer, Ancient
Prismatic Warsword, Ancient Prismatic Axe, Ancient Prismatic Fist
Wraps, Ancient Prismatic Staff, Ancient Prismatic Stiletto, and Ancient
Prismatic Mace.

- Changed some weapons dropped from rare NPC’s in LDoN zones to have
slot type 4 instead of 1.

- Changed Pristine Limestone of Hatred to Vengeance IV.

- The hp/mana augmentations that dropped in adventures as slot 1 items
will no longer drop. They have been replaced with similar items that
fit into slot 7.

- Made changes to various stats and effects on Plane of Time items.

- Changed the level required to use the right-click effect on Wild Lord
Armor to 45, to match all other Kunark armor.

- Corrected a bug with mounts that would sometimes leave the horse buff
up without the actual mount. Also corrected a problem that could cause
a player to be unable to summon a mount.

- Fixed the haste on Spiritbound Mystic’s Torch

- Altered the damage and delay on the Delightful Orb of Forgotten Magic
to be more appropriate for where it drops

** For the New Player **

- Find Feature added. This will create a mystical indication of the
path to take to find certain people. This feature works in the Bazaar
and in newbie zones and cities. In the Bazaar you just click on the
merchant you seek in the Bazaar window and click the Find Trader
button. For all other uses, just hit CTRL+F to open the window, select
someone on the list and click the Find button. This will locate any
Bazaar trader or any NPC with an alternate name, such as (Spell
Vendor). The exception is that it will not locate NPCs in the
Wayfarer’s Camps.

- The auto-attack key now defaults to Q (not A).

- New characters start with their weapons and armor equipped.

- New characters start with their spells scribed and memorized.

- When a caster reaches the level required for one of the first two
rings of new spells, they will get a message informing them that new
spells are available.

- New characters will begin with a stack of bandages. These bandages
cannot be sold or traded.

- When a character trains in a hotbutton-able skill that he did not
previously have skill in, a hotbutton for that skill is created on the
cursor.

- New characters will have a page of hotbuttons set for them based on
the skills given to them by their class and race.

** Interface **

- Merchants now separate items with different charges in their list.
For example, 9 dose and 10 dose potions will show up as separate items
on the merchant’s list. Items with the same amount of charges will be
stacked. NOTE: This will remove the ability to “recharge” items by
selling them to a vendor and buying them back.

- The Bazaar now supports selling different charged items. For example,
a 10 dose potion with 9 charges can be sold for 90 plat., while a 10
dose version of the same potion can be sold for 100 plat. NOTE: All
currently priced charged items will no longer have a price attached and
will need to be reset by the trader.

- Pet buffs are now visible in the pet window. A small icon will
display for each buff on the pet (up to 30 – you may need to resize the
pet window). You can hover your mouse over the icon to see the spell
name. Alt left-click or right-click and hold for spell info box (which
only contains name and icon).

- Improved the functionality of the ESC key. Windows close in the
opposite order that they were opened.

- Swarm pet damage is filtered under “pet damage” rather than “others
hits”.

- When World Containers (ovens, kilns, augmentation sealers and similar
items) are closed, No Drop items in those containers will be placed in
the character’s inventory. If it will not fit there, it will appear on
their cursor.

- The “Only show items I can use” option in the Adventure Merchant
window will be saved when you log out.

- Hotbuttons created using the Abilities and Combat skill lists are no
longer connected to the buttons in the Actions window. This means that
you can create a button on the Abilities or Combat section of the
actions window, drag that button to the hotbutton window, then change
the button on the Abilities or Combat section, and the hotbutton you
made will not change. This allows you to create hotbuttons for ALL of
your character’s skills, not just the ones that can fit in the Actions
window.

- You can now use the (`) key to “Target nearest NPC”, in addition to
F8.

- Shared bank slots will no longer accept rentable containers with no-
rent items in them.

- A new system for the leaderboard has been implemented to track
adventures by their difficulty. You can sort by normal/hard/all
difficulty. Not only will this display the stats for the leaders, but
you will also be able to see your own successes and failures at the
bottom, based on the sorting you chose for the leaderboard. So, for
example, if you filter the leaderboard by Miragul’s Wins and choose
Hard, you will not only see the leaders for Hard adventures in that
theme, you will see your own statistics for Hard Miragul’s adventures.
NOTE: Because this tracking is new, it will only be able to
differentiate hard and normal adventures from the time of this update
onward. Past adventures will be treated as if they were normal
difficulty.

- /autojoin is not saved per character, not for all characters.

- The Open and Inspect buttons are no longer “grayed-out” when Lay on
Hands or Harm Touch are used.

- Merchant inventories will refresh properly after a character
purchases the last of an item in inventory.

** Spells **

- Casting Grow on an unshrunk shaman pet will no longer shrink the pet.

- Remove Minor Curse cures 2 curse counters instead of 3-4.

- Lich and Pact of Hate now use different colored skeleton models.

- Monster Summoning will summon the correct models, not just earth
elementals.

- Frostreaver’s Blessing will no longer block the bard song Wind of
Marr. We realize there are still some stacking issues with these
spells, and we hope to resolve them soon.

** Tradeskills **

- The Blessed Steel Arrowheads recipe will return the file.

- NPC Merchants will now pay less for Steel Hunter Arrows, Steel
Arrowshafts, and Steel Fletch.

- The Muckskipper Chowder recipe no longer returns a pot on a failure
or success, since the recipe does not require a pot at all.

- The recipe for the “Lemming Fur Backpack” now requires an
Embroidering Needle instead of a Sewing Needle.

** Alternate Advancement **

- Jewelcraft Mastery works properly now.

- Frenzied Burnout will no longer last indefinitely on a charmed pet.

** UI Files **

* Changed *

EQUI.xml
EQUI_ActionsWindow.xml
EQUI_AdventureLeaderboardWnd.xml
EQUI_BazaarSearchWnd.xml
EQUI_LootWnd.xml
EQUI_OptionsWindow.xml
EQUI_PetInfoWindow.xml
EQUI_RaidWindow.xml

* New *

EQUI_FindLocationWnd.xml

* New Labels *

86-115 for the pet buff names.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
November 5, 2003
——————————

** Quests, Adventures and Encounters **

- We have added one more new LDoN raid to Stormhammer. This raid was
created with Elemental capable characters in mind.
- Changed the minimum required number of group members to request an
adventure from 4 to 3.
- We have increased the consolation prize on level 65 hard adventures
from 19 to 26 to match the increase in reward points for success
(raised from 76 to 105 with the last update).
- Verrell Cogswin can help convert red dragon scales into green dragon
scales.
- Fixed the Undead and Fire event in the Plane of Time. There was a bug
that could cause some of the minions to fail to spawn.
- Raotin Teawel will always give out the correct robe for completion of
his quest.
- Thought Destroyer has returned to the Plane of Hate.
- Check with the Town Crier of your home town for news. There is
information about the recent activities of the Wayfarers that should
prove interesting.
- We have made some improvements to the Plane of Air avatar rings. We
have added a random interval to the respawn time of the Plane of Air
avatar rings, placed apparitions at the avatar spawns so that it is
possible to tell when the event is available, and the Avatar of Smoke
will now respawn properly.
- The Mujaki event in Plane of Nightmares was completely rewritten._ It
should now be a lot more intelligent about where it sends players.
- Increased the number of items found at the end of a successful LDoN
raid.

** Skills and Alternate Advancement **

- Channeling Focus was not giving bards the proper reduction to the
chance of missing a note._ It is now fixed and gives messages to
indicate when it is has helped.
- Corrected a problem that was causing Alternate Advancement buff
duration increase abilities and duration focus effects to negatively
affect lull spells.
- We have fixed a bug that could cause pick pocketed items to not show
up on your cursor until you zone. This could also sometimes cause the
client to crash.
- Added /stoptracking command so that you no longer have to re-open the
track window and hit cancel if you want to cancel your tracking
quickly.
- Activated AAs from Planes of Power were not working if the user did
not have Shadows of Luclin registered. This has been fixed.

** Spells and Pets **

- The Aura of Pain Recourse can no longer be removed by Radiant Cure.
- When the character changes size (through illusion), other players
will no longer see the mounted player separate from their horse.
- Magician Pets will no longer attack the caster who summoned them.
- Hitting your own pet while in a PVP area or while you have the PK
flag on will no longer kill it.
- Cataclysm of Ro has had its movement rate bonus removed to fix a
stacking issue with the Selo’s line of movement rate songs.
- Cassindra’s Chant of Clarity_and Cassindra’s Chorus of Clarity now
lasts 3 ticks instead of being instant.
- Cloak of Luclin, Cloak of the Akheva and Frostreaver’s Blessing will
no longer be overwritten by Call of the Rathe.
- There are still some issues with Frostreaver’s blessing being
overwritten by some spells._ We are aware of the issue and hope to get
it resolved soon.
- Protection of the Cabbage, Protection of the Glades and Protection of
the Nine will block Temperance, Aegolism and Virtue.
- Ice Flame of E`ci now has the standard 2.5 second recast time.
- Reclaim energy should now function properly on the pet summoned by
Child of Bertoxxulous.
-Beastlord warders focused by Summoner’s boon should now look as they
should.

** Interface **

- We have added the consider color to the Target window. The art used
to display the consider color can be removed or edited via XML by
custom skins.
- We have also added a 3D target indicator._ The ring color indicates
the con color of the target._ This can be turned off in the Options
window. A new settings file in the UI folder can be edited by players
to customize the appearance of the indicator, including different
animated textures for each con color and other interesting settings.
- Added /fontface command (usage /fontface , e.g. /fontface Courier).
This will change, on the fly, the fonts used by the interface (and over
character’s heads). Fonts can also be selected in the General Options
page.
- Added /tell windows. Each time you get a “tell” from a new character,
a new chat window would open. That window will only display “tells”
from the particular character, and any message sent from the chat
window would automatically be sent as a “tell” to that character. You
can turn this option on and off in the Options window. If you have the
maximum number of chat windows open when a new tell is received, the
tell will go to the main chat window
- Temporary pets will no longer send their buffs to the pet window.
Generally they have none, and they would replace the buffs of any
standard pet.
- The buff display portion of the pet window will now fade.
- The Auto-inventory area of the Inventory window now fades with the
parent window.
- The Dump button in raid window now creates the proper, non-blank,
file.
- We have also added time-stamp to Raid Dump output file.
- Pop-up dialogs no longer close when you press ESC. This will prevent
the rez dialog from being closed accidentally.
- Lay on Hands will no longer “gray out” the Inspect and Open hot keys
in the Hotbutton window. This was fixed earlier in the Actions window,
but now it is fixed in the Hotbutton window as well.
- Alt-tabbing in and out of EQ should no longer cause mouse issues.
- Fixed a bug that sometimes left charmed pets health bar in the group
window after the owner of that pet is killed.
- Find trader can now be cancelled in bazaar.

** Items **

- The Copper Medal of Rapture now gives a bonus to Int. instead of Wis.

** For the New Player **

- Left-clicking on an NPC prints out a message indicating what type of
NPC they are and indicating that you should right-click on them. This
message can be turned off in the Options window.
- New characters will now start with a bag.
- Added a tip window that pops up when you invoke the Quantity window
that explains the use of Shift and Control when selecting items.
- All characters will gain a Sense Heading skill of 200, if it was
below 200. All new characters will start with a Sense Heading of 200.

** Miscellaneous **

- Explore mode works properly again.

** UI Files **

* Changed *
EQUI_OptionsWindow.xml
EQUI_TargetWindow.xml
EQUI_Animations.xml

* New *
Targetindicator.ini
TargetBox.tga
TargetIndicator.tga

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 18, 2003
——————————

Headlines!

Melee Enhancements Part 1
New Spell Effects Live
Casino Now Open In Shadowhaven
HEAR YE! HEAR YE! Check with your Town Crier for new editions of your
hometown paper!

*** AA REFUND ***

- Extended Notes 3 and Sionachie’s Cresendo have been refunded (More
details below). If you had these bard AAs and were close to 30 AA
points stored, make certain that you spend enough points to have 30 or
less unspent AA points before you zone. All AA points over 30 are
removed when you zone.

- Improved Reclaim Energy has been refunded to magicians due to changes
with the amount of energy received when cannibalizing their pets. If
you have this Magician AA and were close to 30 AA points stored, make
certain that you spend enough points to have 30 or less unspent AA
points before you zone. All AA points over 30 are removed when you
zone.

** Melee enhancements **

We have been building an enhancement to the melee system, and the first
part of it is now Live.

The yellow bar now represents endurance rather than stamina.

All Disciplines now require an expenditure of endurance to use. They
still have a re-use timer, and they can’t be used more often than the
timer allows.

Disciplines have now been divided into a few different timers.

We have also added a few of the new melee skills to the game. These are
the skills that do not use the new “opening” system, but can be used
without an opening present. The “reactionary” skills and the opening
system will remain on Test for further tuning.

Warriors have been given a mitigation boost. This affects all warriors
at all levels.

Monks have been given the ability to dodge blows from attackers behind
them. This affects all monks with the Dodge ability.

All existing disciplines can be purchased as tomes in either East
Commons or the Plane of Knowledge. To learn a discipline, the Tome must
be turned into your guildmaster.

Several new disciplines have been added for warriors, monks and rogues
who are above level 60.

** Play King’s Court in Shadowhaven! **

Shandeling’s Roost in Shadowhaven now houses a game of chance. To play
you will need to buy a King’s Court Token. You then take this token and
turn it in to any of the dealers. Based on what your hand turns out to
be, you will be awarded a prize. The highest hands will return a gold
ticket as the prize. This Ticket can be turned in to win prizes such as
a Guise of the Deceiver, Fungus Covered Great Staff, or Holgresh Elder
Beads. Good luck to all that play!

** Items **

- Purchased augments, that have not been bound to an item yet, can be
sold back to Dible Hedledrap in South Ro.

- Caerlyna in the Bazaar will trade your containers for tokens and will
trade tokens for containers. This will allow player characters to sell
those tokens in the Bazaar. Folks that buy the tokens can then take
them to the Caerlyna and trade them in for the appropriate container.
You can exchange most weight reducing tradeable containers for a token.

- We’ve changed the +12 Wis on the Copper Medal of Rapture to +12 Int.
Really, we have!

- We have lowered the minimum duration to 5 ticks on Affliction
Efficiency I-IV and Affliction Haste I-IV foci.

- Timeless Coral Greatsword will no longer claim to be out of charges
when it procs. If you own one of these swords, you will need to
petition a GM and ask them to replace your current Coral Greatsword
with a new one.

- Phylactery is no longer useable by all classes, only MAG NEC ENC WIZ
CLR SHA DRU.

- The Delightful Orb of Forgotten Magic now only procs for characters
level 35 and above.

- The following items that had the Invigor effect now have Serpent
Sight or Ultravision: Orb of the Crimson Bull, Abram’s Axe of the
Stoic, Tolan’s Darkwood Boots, Mrylokar’s Greaves, Singing Steel
Vambraces, Crown of Rile, 5 Dose Potion of Wolves Blood, 5 Dose Potion
of Fleeting Languor, 10 Dose Potion of Wolves Blood, 10 Dose Potion of
Fleeting Languor, Potion of Wolves Blood, Potion of Fleeting Languor,
Spiroc Wingblade, Spirit Caller’s Boots, Spirit Weaver’s Boots, Frozen
Efreeti Boots, Ring of the Crimson Bull, Rune Crafter’s Boots, Wolf
Caller’s Boots and Camii’s Bracer of Vigor.

- The effects on Abram’s Axe of the Stoic and Spiroc Wingblade are now
Worn to activate, not procs.

** Spells/Songs **

- New spell effects! Just about every spell in the game has been given
a new spell effect. If you have your spell effects turned off, you may
want to turn them back on.

- Fixed the bard AA Channeling Focus. It was allowing 100% recovery
from missed notes in most instances. We have restored it to the
5%/10%/15% values as documented in the AA window.

- Fixed a problem with short-duration pets (Rage of Zomm, cleric
hammers, wizard flaming swords and such) so that they will no longer
dissipate before engaging the target NPC.

- Reclaim Energy will now return 75 percent of the mana used to summon
the pet, 95 percent if the caster has Improved Reclaim Energy.

- Lull spells with duration less than 5 should no longer be lasting as
if they had duration 5. This will reduce the duration of some lull-type
spells to their proper duration.

- Fixed a problem that caused Protection of the Nine to block Blessing
of the Nine.

- We corrected an issue where the same druid damage over-time spell
cast on an NPC by two different druids would not stack.

- Bulwark of Vie was reducing spell damage as well as melee damage. It
now only reduces melee damage.

- Eye of Zomm will no longer cause players summoned pets to suicide if
commanded to kill the eye.

- Improved the melee damage on pets focused by Ritual Summoning.

- The magician epic pet can now Enrage when focused by Minion of
Darkness.

- Increased the offensive capabilities of most pets when focused by
Summoner’s Boon.

- We have removed the Stamina effects from many spells.

- Fixed a bug that would cause issues with pet hit points, and could
cause them to be unable to move if their hit points got too low. This
may also address other issues with pets using hit-point boosting items.

** Alternate Advancement **

- Extended Notes 3 and Sionachie’s Cresendo have been refunded. If you
had these bard AAs and were close to 30 AA points stored, make certain
that you spend enough points to have 30 or less unspent AA points
before you zone. All AA points over 30 are removed when you zone. You
may, of course, repurchase these AAs.

- Extended Notes and Sionachie’s Cresendo no longer affects harmful
area-of-effect spells.

- Jamfest has been fixed. It will now affect the bard’s group, not just
the bard.

- The Archetype AA ability Spell Casting Deftness was not reducing the
casting time for the wizard spell Harvest. It does now.

** Tradeskills **

- Merchants will not pay more for a tradeskill product than the cost of
the components needed to make it. However, they will still sell those
products for the same amount.

** Zones and Quests **

- Maelin will now respond as though you have the Quintessence, as long
as you are flagged for time. It is also now possible to receive any of
the earlier progression flags, even if you have already earned access
to the Plane of Time.

** User Interface **

- Tell windows now log the name of the person sending tells in the chat
log.

- Tell windows now blink when a tell is received, even when the window
is not minimized.

- Fixed a problem that caused users some ATI cards to be unable to see
the /find path or the targeting ring.

- We have added a new combat ability windown which allows you to make
up to eight hot keys for disciplines and other new melee abilities and
displays any current melee effects. The window can be opened by
pressing Alt+C. The keys are accessible using either the mouse or Ctrl+
1-8.

** Miscellaneous **

- Added some explanation text to the targetindicator.ini file that help
explain how to modify the targeting ring.

** UI Files **

AttackIndicator.tga
EQUI.xml
EQUI_CharacterCreate.xml
EQUI_CombatAbilityWnd.xml
EQUI_CombatSkillsSelectWnd.xml
EQUI_GroupSearchWnd.xml
EQUI_PlayerWindow.xml
EQUI_SkillsWnd.xml

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 19, 2003
——————————

** Shadowhaven Casino goes on vacation **

We’re sorry to have to say this, but the new casino has become too
popular. The huge number of players gambling at the casino is causing
issues with the servers, and has been responsible for a few zone
crashes. Unfortunately, this means that we have had to remove the
casino NPCs until after the New Year arrives.

* Other Changes *

- Cancel magic will no longer remove disciplines or melee abilities.

- Fixed a bug that was causing the party to be unable to see hit point
updates for the last person to join their group.

- Healing Will and Focused Will now stack with most other hit point
regeneration effects.

- Corrected a bug that was causing AAs to increase the duration of
combat abilities.

- We have reorganized the context menu for Disciplines to make it a bit
more logical.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 23, 2003
——————————

** Stability Issues **

The team here at the EQ Lab has isolated a memory leak which was
causing server instability after 10 to 12 hours of uptime (which we are
sure you have noticed) We hope to have this issue resolved during
tonight’s update. We would like to thank you all for your patience and
understanding during these last few trying days and wish you the best
of luck this holiday season.

Thanks for your time and thank you for being a part of Norrath.

……………………………………………………………



……………………………………………………………

——————————
January 22, 2004
——————————

We have made a few changes to remove some exploits in our continuing effort to remove any loopholes in EverQuest.
In this update we have removed the charm exploit in Plane of Tactics by changing the way that charm works. This
change should not affect those who use charm in the manner for which it was intended. We have also changed the
profit margin of many tradeskill items when sold to NPC vendors. It is our hope that these changes and your
continued community efforts will help to put a stop to those who do not wish to play fairly.

- Changed Charm spells so that NPCs spell use will now be interrupted once the charm has expired.

- We have modified the sell back value on many tradeskill items to prevent excessive profit.

- Please note that many items will now show as being usable by berserkers. This does not necessarily mean the items
will be equippable by berserkers when Gates of Discord launches.

** Gates of Discord **
www.gatesofdiscord.com
The latest expansion to EverQuest – Gates of Discord – is available for pre-order and incremental download!
Be the first in your guild to pre-order Gates and begin the incremental download now! This new expansion boasts:
-100 new Alternate Advancement abilities.
-Leadership experience to unlock many group- and raid-enhancing tools.
-20 new zones — 10 new instanced zones and 10 new traditional zones, including a huge ship city zone to gather
your party and launch expeditions. The new combat zones are for characters level 50 and over.
-New Berserker class — ravage your enemies with two-handed axes or by hurling large objects.
-Discover the newly found continent of Taelosia and discover the secrets of Norrath’s future!
-20 all-new NPC models make for hundreds of challenging encounters unlike anything seen before in EverQuest.
-New Tribute System to enhance gameplay with beneficial attributes, skills, or effects.
-Dozens of new and exciting story-driven quests and content for the hardy adventurer.
-New tradeskill recipes to produce hundreds of new items.
-Unearth arcane spells, mighty weapons, and other hidden treasures!

Pre-order yours today by pressing Pre-order at the server select screen, or at https://store.station.sony.com!

** Incremental Download for Gates of Discord **
We have begun introducing the Gates files in small bits. This is the most convenient way for you to get the files
you’ll need for the new expansion. It is a lot easier to download these files in smaller chunks than to download
them all on the day of release.
You can get the files incrementally from the EverQuest updater. The obvious way to begin downloading the files is
to click “yes” when the dialogue box pops up asking you if you’d like to incrementally download Gates. If you’ve
already told that dialogue never to appear again, you can get the files in a few easy steps:
- Run the EverQuest Updater
- Click the Advanced button
- Click the checkbox next to Gates of Discord
- Click Save
- Click Download.
This will catch you up on the downloads you have missed and will update you as we add files to the updater.
This will make your download much smaller the day Gates launches, or the day you purchase the digital version
of the expansion.

The anticipated release date — February 10th, 2004 — is subject to change. If the anticipated release date
changes, we will announce a revised release date via a patch message.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
January 30, 2004
——————————

Tonight we have a small update to fix some general bugs. We are again changing charm (in exactly the way we thought
we had last week) No this is not deja vu. You should also look for changes in that evolving zone of Nedaria’s Landing.
I wonder what is going on there?

- An update to the zone, Nedaria’s Landing. Make sure you check it out.

- Charm spell change: If an NPC is in the middle of casting a spell when charm is broken, it will interrupt the spell.

- Some general bug fixes.

Make sure you log onto the Test server to see what other changes we are cooking up. Our next Scheduled update is
planned for February 10th.

Remember Gates of Discord is coming soon. Go to www.gatesofdiscord.com or EQlive.station.sony.com for more information.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 3, 2004
——————————

LIVE CHAT with the EQ Development Team

Tonight, February 3rd 6PM PST, the EQ Dev team will be holding an EverQuest: Gates of Discord live chat. Go
to EQlive.station.sony.com for details.

One week left to Pre-order EverQuest: Gates of Discord, the next exciting expansion for EverQuest. Make sure you
check it out.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 10, 2004
——————————

Greetings Norrath,

Highlights for today’s update:

* EverQuest: Gates of Discord goes live!
* The Casino is back and waiting for you high rollers. Go to Shadowhaven to try your luck.
* Tradeskillers rejoice, the new UI is here!
* Nedaria’s landing has evolved further.

Gates of Discord Launches!
————————-

EverQuest: Gates of Discord Available Now!

Epic adventures now await you in EverQuest: Gates of Discord, the seventh expansion pack now available for EverQuest.
Discover the lost continent of Taelosia and come face-to-face with invaders from the realm of chaos. Join armies of
adventurers on their quest to unearth long-hidden artifacts of power from temple ruins, secret catacombs, dank sewers
and vast marshlands. Should you fail, Norrath, its inhabitants, and its gods may fall under control of the forces
of Discord!

Gain Entry into the Gates of Discord!
Download now direct from the Station Store
Purchase at your local retailer (retail boxed version includes special in-box and in-game item, while supplies last)

Exciting New Features!
100 new AA abilities
20 new zones with all-new NPCs
New Tribute System and Leadership Experience
Ravage your enemies with the Berserker

Purchase EverQuest: Gates of Discord now and receive great discount offers from Creative Labs and Kingston.
Special restrictions apply. (visit www.everquest.com for more details)

Return of the Casino
————————

** Play King’s Court in Shadowhaven! **

Shandeling’s Roost in Shadowhaven again houses a game of chance. To play you will need to buy a King’s Court Token.
You then take this token and turn it in to any of the dealers. Based on what your hand turns out to be, you will be
awarded a prize. The highest hands will return a gold ticket as the prize. This Ticket can be turned in to win
prizes such as a Guise of the Deceiver, Fungus Covered Great Staff, or Holgresh Elder Beads. Good luck to all that play!

Tradeskill UI now live
————————

Opening a tradeskill container will now open a new user interface. In the window you will find an area that has
all recipes that are currently available to you. This includes recipes that are at your skill level as well as
some above it. Clicking on a recipe will display what items are necessary for its completion. Clicking the “combine”
button will extract those required items from the player’s inventory, and perform the recipe combine, placing the
results on the player’s cursor. The new system is nice and neat, with no dragging and dropping unless you want to
try a combine that is way out of your league, which uses the old style of combination.

Item Changes
————————
- The name of Berserker armor has been changed to Bladesmans armor.
- The beastlord epic weapon will no longer “proc” for wielders below the 46th level.
- Many text changes in item descriptions.

General Bug Fixes
————————
- A Tormentors hoof is now flagged as a tradeskill item.
- Chaotic Stab, a rogue AA, will no longer cause full damage on frontal attacks.
- Altered some NPC factions in the Plane of Tactics arena to prevent a problem with charm.

Combat Abilities
————————
- Fixed some text on the Focus Will Discipline.
- Assassins Strike should now work correctly.
- Sneak Attack should now work correctly.
- Thief’s Vengeance is now working correctly.
- Indirection should now work as intended.

Spells
————————
- Corrected a few spell descriptions.
- Corrected some spell sound effects.
- Arachnae Venom and Fellspine should now stack with the warriors provoke abilities.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 11, 2004
——————————

-Corrected an issue with Qinimi that would not allow characters lower than 60th level to enter the zone.

-Addendum to 2/10/2004: No change was made to the Chaotic Stab ability.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 12, 2004
——————————

Tribute Update

The Tribute system as it was released has caused a greater variance in favor distribution than was intended.
In order to make the system more healthy, fair, and balanced, there will be changes made over two updates —
one today and one next week.

The following changes have been made today:

- Favor Maximum: There will be a maximum limit of 200,000 favor that a player character can have available at
any time. If a player has accumulated more than 200,000 favor at the time of this change, the character will
retain its favor, but will not be able to add to it until it falls below 200,000.

- Favor Value Adjustments to Items: Some items have had their favor value adjusted to be more appropriate. For
this update, this will not affect the favor amount that a player has gained by handing in items that have had
their favor values adjusted.

For next week’s update, we will be adjusting each character’s favor amounts based on any items that were handed in
to Tribute Masters that have had their favor values adjusted.

We hope you continue to enjoy the benefits of the Tribute system and Gates of Discord.

In other words: Play, raid and be merry, for tomorrow we nerf.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
February 18, 2004
——————————

We found a bit of code that was, occasionally, causing random zone crashes and corrected it. We are still working
on the second part of the 1017 problem and hope that many of you found some relief in the changes we made last night.
Thanks again for your patience. We’re working hard to solve the problem.

Monks once again irresistible. (Phantom abilities should no longer be resisted.)

Small change to berserker epic text.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
March 10, 2004
——————————

Headlines
————————
Combines work again!
Melee Part II!
A new story has been added to your storybook!

The grammar police have invaded EQ and they have made many minor spell, item and quest text fixes that are too
numerous to list here.

We’d like to thank all of the players that took time to provide feedback regarding the melee changes. We’d also
like to send a special thanks to all of the players that helped us test the additions on the Test and Beta servers.
All of the input we received helped to shape the improvements you’ve seen in the melee classes.

Please continue to give your feedback on the melee system or anything else that you feel requires attention.
It does make a difference.

Over the last several months there have been several new additions to EverQuest aimed at increasing the desirability
and relative power of pure melee classes.

- Discipline timers were revamped, allowing greater freedom and frequency of use.
- Endurance bar was added as a limited resource to power melee abilities and disciplines.
- Warriors received an innate 5 percent increase in their ability to absorb damage.
- Warriors received the Incite line of abilities, giving them a new tool for aggro management.
- Monks received the Phantom Call line of abilities, giving them a new tool for pulling.
- Several new disciplines were introduced for all three classes.

The endurance system and the separation of the discipline timers have provided us with new tools to add interesting
and powerful abilities in the future for melee classes. You can count on seeing new disciplines and abilities as the
game progresses and as situations arise that require new abilities to effectively balance class power. We will
continue to evaluate the melee system for both balance and enjoyment.

We will also continue to review and make changes to each individual class as needed. Class balance is an important
part of any multiplayer game and requires constant attention.

Thanks for helping make EverQuest a great game.

Items
————————
We have replaced the spell-like effects on items which produced the following effects: Attack, HP Regen, Mana Regen,
Haste and Damage Shield with actual statistics. The effects on the item have not changed they are just set up in a
new way that we hope will allow for more item functionality in the future.

Several Gates smithed weapons have had their damage and delay adjusted to be more in line with the difficulty in
crafting them.

The Copper Hammer of Striking will no longer proc for wielders below level 50.

The Wailing Coral Staff is now two handed blunt.

Bolas are now one-handed projectile rather than ammo.

Bola ranges have been adjusted slightly.

All bolas that can proc will now do so.

All items that had the “Cleave” series of effects removed, have had them returned.

The drop rate for the following Epic Quest items has been increased slightly:

- Essence of a Vampire
- Decrepit Hide
- Staff of Elemental Mastery (earth)

Expedition zones
————————-
You will now have to wait 5 minutes before you are able to accept another expedition zone.

Tradeskills
————————-
In order to correct many of the issues with the new tradeskill interface it was necessary to remove all learned and
favorite recipes. However the system should now work better overall.

The sell prices for Saltwater Tuna and Saltwater crab, as well as the price for any item made from them, have been
reduced.

Rainbow Trout should now be tradeable.

If you are not a gnome, you should no longer be able to tinker with a deluxe toolkit kit. If you are a gnome,
please tinker away.

You should now be able to properly search for recipes.

The trivial level for brewing Fish Wine has been adjusted.

Berserkers
————————-
Some berserker abilities have had their endurance cost changed.
The duration of Confusing Strike has been reduced.
Berserkers should no longer be told that they can bash at level 6.
The berserker guildmaster in the Plane of Knowledge has been taught throwing and parry and is ready to train
berserkers in their use.

Spells
————————-
Some Gates of Discord spells should now drop a little more often.
Several heal spells for Gates of Discord have been modified slightly.
The shadow knight Ancient Spell: Bite of Chaos should now work as intended.

NPC’s
————————-
Hierophant Granix should now give the correct text in Cabilis.
Trimdet Trueheart in Abysmal Sea is less of a snob and should now speak with you correctly.
If you tell Brevik Kalaner in Abysmal what items you [need back], he will return to you any items you’ve just given him.

Tribute
————————-
A few items have had their tribute value adjusted.
Gift of the Enchanters should now work correctly.
You should no longer be able to donate containers with items inside for favor.
Persistent Boon should now give the proper effect.

Alternate Advancement
————————-
Dire Charm will no longer reset after being resisted as the ability was successfully initiated.
Dire Charm should now reset when used on an NPC that is too high in level.

Miscellaneous
————————-
Corrected a faction issue with the wizard epic.

The monk “Phantom” line of abilities should no longer be resisted in the level 65 “hard” LDoN Adventures.

The rogue’s “Assassin’s Strike” skill line ability will be re-introduced with the next update.

The Shining Bloodstone will now be restricted to 2-handed weapons. Any who have placed this augmentation in a
1-handed weapon will find the augmentation on their cursor when they log in. If you find that you have no practical
use for the 2-handed augmentation, please petition and a suitable 1-handed replacement will be made available to you.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
March 16, 2004
——————————

*Highlights*

EverQuest 5th Anniversary
Return of the Casino (Again)
Check with the Town Criers for the latest edition of the Norrath newspaper!

EverQuest Celebrates Five Years. Join us for the 5th Anniversary in-game celebrations for EverQuest. Over the
course of the next few weeks you will be able to join in a massive scavenger hunt, battle fabled NPCs with upgraded
loot, experience enormous firework displays and defend your city against armies of skeletons.

*It’s Back! (Again)*

The Casino is back and ready for you to try your luck. You can check it out in Shadowhaven. Good luck!

*Spells*

Added a new magician spell, Elemental Draw, which is available in the East Commonlands.

Changed the following shaman healing spells.
-Daluda’s Mending – previously Plague of Daluda
-Breath of Trushar
-Quiescence

……………………………………………………………

——————————
March 23, 2004
——————————

Headlines
DirectX 9 is now REQUIRED to play on all SOE EverQuest servers and Venril Sathir!
Stormhammer received a new adventure zone.
Another story for you to peruse in your storybook.
Screenshots in .JPG? What will they think of next!
More Grammar changes (no not Grandma, Grammar)

DirectX 9
-We have added more detail to the gamma correction slider, which means you may need to adjust your gamma settings
which are located under video options
-All zones will temporarily have the same sky while we refine DirectX 9 functionality.
-Corpses should now be easier to target.
-We have added a new command, /rewind, which should free your character if they become stuck in geometry.
-There are now independent window resolutions for full screen and windowed mode.

Stormhammer
If you are a Legends subscriber you can visit the Lost Pyramid of Galuuk Korr. This midlevel adventure zone will
allow you to explore a monument from the lost elvish city of Takish Hiz!

Now you must find what was left beneath the sands. Good luck.

Screenshots
-Screenshots will now save to a “Screenshot” folder in your EQ directory
-You can now change the format your screenshots are saved in by adding the “ScreenshotType=” line in your eqclient.ini
file, which is in your EverQuest directory. To save in jpg format you would change or add the line to read
“ScreenshotType=jpg”. Supported formats are bmp, jpg, tga, dds and png. Screenshots will continue to save in bmp
format unless this line is added.

Items
-More items have had endurance added to them.
-Some Fabled items have been tweaked a bit.
-Added recommended levels to some fabled items.
-You will now need to be of at least the 50th level to complete the beastlord epic.

NPC
-Guards in Everfrost Peaks will once again help those in trouble.
-Soulbinders should now show in the Find window.
-Fabled NPC’s will now appropriately reflect their difficulty.

Spells
-Elemental Draw will no longer Crit on your pets.

Miscellaneous
-Uqua should be a bit more playable now.
-Ikkinz raids have been upgraded slightly.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
March 25, 2004
——————————

Headlines

-Refining some DX9 functionality.

-Some adjustments have been made to pets.

-Some general bug fixes.

-Added a new rogue discipline line, Assassins Strike. The tomes can be found in the East Commonlands and the
Plane of Knowledge.

DirectX 9
-The center of collision for all players
-We have made improvements to position processing which should alleviate some of the problems related to getting
stuck in geometry.
-Improved collision and movement when near overhangs.
-The auto-duck mechanism is now an user-enabled option. It can be set in the General tab of the options window.
This feature forces your character to duck automatically to get into small places. If set to off, you will need
to manually duck to enter those places. It is “on” by default.
-Warping of very small NPCs (e.g., giant rats in Qeynos) has been resolved.
-Rain now has visible weather.

Pets
60+ player pets have been improved in a number of ways. Most notably, the effects of pet foci will be more
dramatic as a player progresses with more powerful equipment. There have also been a number of inconsistencies
between different tiers of pet foci that have been fixed. All of the existing foci should never show a power
decrease in any aspect when upgrading from a lower tier foci to a higher tier foci. The most dramatic changes
in pet stats are in the following aspects:

Level – Most tiers of Foci will add one level to the pet.

Max HP – Most tiers of foci will add max hit points to the pet, some tiers are more dramatic than others and follow
a similar rate of progression to player characters as they gain equipment equivalent to the pet focus items.

Mitigation (AC, Agility) — Most tiers of foci will add mitigation to the pet. Some tiers are more dramatic than
others and follow a similar rate of progression to player characters as they gain equipment equivalent to the pet
focus items.

Damage Output – Generally the pets did not receive a significant change in their damage output, although there are
certain pets that have had their max hit and offense increased.

Overall, the player pets have received a significant boost. There are instances where you will see no change in a
specific aspect of a specific pet. For example, the Rathe’’s Son pet summoned with Minion of Eternity has not received
an improvement in max hit points, but it has received a significant mitigation improvement.

These changes affect the pets summoned by the following spells:

Ward of Xegony
Child of Ro
Servant of Marr
Rathe’s Son
Legacy of Zek
Saryrn’s Companion
Child of Bertoxxulous
Spirit of Sorsha
Spirit of Arag

The most profound changes were made to the magician pets as they were most in need of improvement to maintain class
balance. Beastlord and necromancer pets also received upgrades, but not of the same magnitude.

– The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 13, 2004
——————————

The Graveyard zone, Shadowrest, is now live!

We have introduced the new graveyard zone, Shadowrest, to the live servers. The zone will allow adventurers whose
corpse has decayed, after 7 days, to retrieve it. They will merely have to greet the appropriate NPC in one of the
following zones to activate their transport to Shadowrest;

East Commonlands
The Plane of Knowledge
Toxxulia Forest
Qeynos Hills
The Feerrott
Butcherblock Mountains
The Field of Bone
Shadeweavers Thicket
Misty Thicket

We hope you enjoy this new addition to EverQuest!

The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 14, 2004
——————————

Headlines!
- You can now set hot keys to cycle through targets!

Collision and Targeting
- We have improved Collision.
- We have improved targeting.
- Auto-rewind has been disabled. Auto-rewind has been disabled. Auto-rewind has been disabled.
- Short races should be able to manage steps and slopes more easily, so gnomes and halflings will again be under foot.
- Arrows should no longer make NPCs look like porcupines. Please note that we have nothing against porcupines and
consider them a fine animal.

You will now have the option to bind cycle through PC and NPC targets to a hot key of your choice. You can hit your
select nearest target key at any time, during cycling, to reset the cycle.

Quests
Some changes have been made to the “Breakdown in Communication” quest. Drops should be more plentiful but may come
from different NPCs.

Hide and Invisibility
- There are now fewer mobs that can see through invisibility and detect rogues in Ferubi and Barindu. Go rogues!
- Smith Rondo should ignore players that are invisible or hidden.

Lost Information from previous updates
- 60+ focused mage pets are now summoned with a full set of phantom plate equipped.
- Guildmasters and Merchants in Knowledge are now findable.
- The Succor point in Ferubi has been moved to the Qinimi zoneline.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 21, 2004
——————————

Headlines!
- Boat Gnomes are now available all the time. (and I thought gnomes were only good as appetizers)
- A new edition of the newspaper is available in your home town. Come and get it!

Boat Gnomes
The boat gnomes and other alternate means of travel are now available. During this period of gnome servitude, the
boats will be in drydock and receiving some much needed repairs

……………………………………………………………

——————————
April 28, 2004
——————————

Headlines!

- A new storybook has arrived! Make sure you read it to find out what Tondal is up to now.
- A new adventure zone is live on Stormhammer!
- A new adventure zone has moved from Stormhammer to Live!
- What are the “HOT SPOTS”?
- Plane of Knowledge open to everyone!

New Adventure Zone goes to Stormhammer
- We have added a new adventure zone which should be a challenge for 2 groups of about 50th level.
A party of adventurers is missing and was last seen working with the undead. Will you brave the catacombs to find them?

New Adventure Zone moves to Live
- The adventure zone currently on Stormhammer will move to live servers. You can visit the Lost Pyramid of Galuuk Korr.
This midlevel adventure zone will allow you to explore a monument from the lost elvish city of Takish Hiz! Now you
must find what was left beneath the sands. Good luck.

Hot Spots
Try out the new Hot Spot zones which give a boost to Experience while adventuring in them, in a similar manner to
Paludal Caverns. The current Hot Spots are:

- The Castle of Mistmoore (20th to 30th level)
- The Lair of the Splitpaw (35th to 45th level)
- Dulak’s Harbor (40th to 45th level)
- The Tower of Frozen Shadow (30th to 35th level)
- The Gulf of Gunthak (35th to 40th level)
- Hate’s Fury (55th to 60th level)
- The Crypt of Nadox (50th to 55th level)
- The Torgiran Mines (45th to 50th level)

These Hot Spot zones are generally aimed at characters level 20 to 51. The Hot Spot zones will shift from time to
time, so watch for messages giving clues as to where the new ones may be.

Plane of Knowledge
All EQ characters can now access the Plane of Knowledge whether they have purchased Planes of Power or not!

General
- We have decreased load times when zoning.

Gates Sewers and Vxed
- Rare NPCs in the Gates sewers and Vxed will not spawn at the creation of the expedition zone. They will now
spawn after the zone has been occupied for some time.

Items
- Skill percent-mods now work for Ammo slot items.
- Grand Tunic of the Oracle and the Grand Robe of the Oracle have had a type 7 augmentation slot added to them.
- Lungi of the Forbidden will display a robe graphic once again. Monks and Beastlords will be able to swap the
robe in for a leather looking BP with the same stats by visiting Garath the Trader in East Wastes. You will be able
to swap the items back and forth with Garath for your desired look. (Lungi? Lungi? What is a Lungi?)

Spells
- Characters in illusion form can again be targeted.
- Bull Rush is now a magical resist. Please do not use in a china shop.
- Balance of the Nihil has had its Mana and Slow percentage increased.

Tracking
- More NPC’s in Qinimi now leave tracks for trackers to find.

Firiona Vie
- The Shuriken of Eternity and Ton Po’s Mystical Pouch are now no-drop.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 5, 2004
——————————

Happy Cinco De Mayo!

EverQuest 2 Beta Sign Ups are now open!

Make sure you sign up for the exciting EverQuest 2 beta! Join the folks who have already added their name to the
rapidly growing list for this amazing beta opportunity.

Go to www.everquest2.com and click on the beta link to get your chance at a beta slot! I hope to see you in the beta!

Sign up now, tomorrow may be too late.

Headlines!
- You now have the ability to remove your own surname!
- All characters will regen HP faster when sitting!
- /rewind is back and ready for action!

Surnames
You can now use the /surname command to remove your own surname and add a new one. Please remember to read the
naming policy as listed on EQlive.station.sony.com as it applies to both first names and surnames. You will still
need to ask for CS assistance if you wish to have a name with double capitals or special characters. Please note
that this command can only be used to remove or change your surname once per week.

HP Regen
- All characters should now regenerate HP faster when sitting. The longer you sit, the faster you regenerate!
- You will not receive increased regen while under the effects of a DOT or while feigned.
- You can now bandage yourself up to 70% of your HP. Folks with the appropriate AA abilities can bandage above 70%.
- You can now bandage while sitting.

/rewind
/rewind is back and should help if you find yourself stuck. This is not an automatic rewind, you will have to
execute the command. We are continuing to work on other collision issues and hope to no longer need /rewind in the
near future. This command is only able to be used once every 30 seconds, and in order to make use of it, your character
will need to be stationary for at least 30 seconds.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 12, 2004
——————————

Headlines!
Gates of Discord content retuned!

Gates of Discord
- Zone experience modifiers were increased in all zones from Tipt/Vxed and beyond.
- Natimbi, Qinimi, Barindu, Riwwi, and Ferubi should be tuned more appropriately for their intended level ranges.
- NPCs will no longer hit for max damage as often. Knights in particular should find it easier to tank the NPCs
they previously had difficulty with.
- Ikkinz — Guilds no longer have to flag every member in order to complete the Ikkinz trials. Only one person needs
to complete all events/raids to start the seventh Ikkinz trial. At that point, all players who complete the seventh
trial will get full credit for the zone.
- NPC innates have been adjusted to behave a little more reasonably.
- Zone travel has been made easier. Animal aggression was lowered by changing their faction and See Invis percentages
were reduced on several NPCs.
- Spell drops have been increased.
- Increased the rate of cash drops.
- The mini bosses in Qvic now have a more appropriate respawn rate. Their item drop rate has been increased to
compensate for this.
- Breakdown in Communication quest now has improved rewards!

Collision
More improvements to the collision system should make it a lot more difficult to get stuck.

Misc.
The Eye of Zomm will once again open closed doors.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
May 27, 2004
——————————

Omens of War has a new expected live date of August 31, 2004. We appreciate your pre-order and if you wish to
leave it in place, you do not need to do anything. We will not charge your credit card until the day the expansion
actually goes live.

If you wish to cancel your pre-order you may follow the steps below. You may cancel your pre-order at any time prior
to the live date.

Directions to Cancel Pre-Order
1. Visit Station Store https://store.station.sony.com/index.jsp
2. Go to Billing Info and sign in
3. View Current pre-orders
4. Click Cancel button; you will receive a cancellation email
5. Return to Station Store and re-purchase this product using the most up to date information.

Thank you!

Headlines!
Exclusive in-game Shield in July 2004 issue of PC Gamer
New Tutorial now live!
CS Assist allows use of Knowledge Base in-game

Exclusive Shield from PC Gamer
Attention EverQuest Players! Exclusive in-game EQ Shield in the July 2004 issue of PC Gamer!
You can now claim this special shield by picking up the July issue of PC Gamer. Go to the box on page 33 and use
the TOP code to redeem your special shield. To claim this prize, simply log into EverQuest, click on accounts,
click the special button and then enter the shield code in the space provided.

Tutorial
- Does your significant other find EQ too hard to learn? Our new Tutorial is Live and ready to teach them to play.
Creating a new character will give you the option to go through the new tutorial. You can choose to leave the tutorial
at anytime and can return until your character reaches level 5. The tutorial will walk you through gameplay with easy
to follow instructions in text and voice.
- Hybrids will now receive mana at level 1 as they now receive a spell in the tutorial.

CS Assist
A new CS tool is available for use and should provide you with a better interface when petitioning. You can also
access our self help option through the knowledge base. You can bring up the new window by pressing the ‘P’ key,
typing /petition, or clicking the “Customer Service” button from the help window.

Cabalis Quests
Iksar Warriors and Necromancers have some quests to finish!
Iksar Beastlords have a new quest.

UI Changes
- There’s a new button in the Options->Display tab to toggle between full screen and windowed mode.
- Presto Change-O! There’s a new button on the bazaar window to hide all traders. Clicking a trader in the search
window will make them appear (limited to the last trader you clicked)
- New text filters have been added for Pet Crits, Pet Rampage/Flurry, System Messages, Focus Effects, Exp Messages,
and Who list.
- The Guild Management window should be better organized.
- There’s a new /outputfile command to allow creation of text-file dumps of your Guild, Raid, Inventory and spell books.

Improved Collisions
- Most collision issues should now be resolved.
- Collision system improvements have made elevators much safer.
- Getting out of water should be a little easier for short races. We wouldn’t want all those Halflings to drown, now
would we?
- Rogues should be able to more easily exit water while sneaking, although I think it would be hard to sneak with wet
trousers.

Misc.
- You now have the ability to “AutoBank” in the Bank Window.
- Casting a spell while sitting will stand you up.
- Camping while standing will sit you down automatically.
- NPC’s will not begin regenerating immediately if fleeing or combat ends.
- Improved the Iqthinxa Karnkvi event in Qvic

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 2, 2004
——————————

Collision fixes collide with servers!

Collision
- When you are summoned by NPCs or players smaller than you, the collision system will now scan a limited area near
the destination to find a place to put you so that you will not be stuck in the terrain.

- A problem related to collision data being out of sync on the client and server has been corrected and should solve
the problems many of you have been seeing with NPCs being pushed into walls.

- The sunken NPC and character problem has been much improved. You will still find the occasional NPC at a spawn point
that is sunk or elevated slightly, but the NPC should move normally once engaged.

Cabilis Quests
- The Battle plans from Dalnir should be a little easier to obtain.
- The loyal follower in Dreadlands should no longer be a merchant with an empty inventory.
- The traitor necromancers seek should be a little easier to find.
- Wyzith’s belongings should now combine correctly.

– The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 16, 2004
——————————

Headlines!

-Collision sees more improvements.
-A portal to Gunthak has been added to the Plane of Knowledge.
-/guidehelp is now available!
-Gates of Discord sees more changes.

Collision Updates
Many remaining collision issues have been fixed.
-Floating NPCs in the Plane of Disease should be more down to earth.
-NPC warping should be reduced.
-The Emerald Jungle should no longer have NPCs below the world
-You should once again collide with the dock in Natimbi.
-The entrance to Najena should be easier to navigate.

Gunthak Portal
-We have added a tome to the Plane of Knowledge to allow for faster travel to and from Gunthak. Enjoy. *

Gates of Discord
-Increased the drop rate of quest items, for the Breakdown in Communication quest, in the sewers and mountain passes
and Ikkinz. *
-Increased the number of items that drop from the Qinimi and Barindu events for the Breakdown in Communication quest. *
-Increased the drop rate of Breakdown in Communication quest items off the Yxtta bosses as well as making it possible
to get them off other NPCs in the zone.
-The Ikkinz Chamber of Might and Tipt boss mobs will now behave a little smarter when facing a strong defense. Beware!
-Some tuning changes have been made to the Ikkinz single group trials and Tipt.
-Changed the NPCs that guard Txevu so they are a longer re-spawn allowing you to get stragglers thru the zone much
easier once you kill them.
-Pathing in Txevu should be better. *
-The bonus reward at the end of Inktu`ta will spawn in a chest instead of being handed directly to the player that
triggers the dialogue.
-Gates NPCs that dropped spells will now drop a token, which can be turned in for a class appropriate spell. *

The Plane of Time
-We have made changes to the scripting for the Plane of Time, which will allow the server to shut down unused instances
of the zone. This will remove the problem of waiting for an instance that another group has finished to shut down,
before you can start your attempt. *

The Plane of Hate
You can now access the Plane of Hate by talking to Relm M’Loch in the Plane of Tranquility and handing her a Fuligan
Soulstone. *

Items
———————–
-The Tainted Axe of Hatred has had its damage increased.
-Many Gates items have had their weight reduced. *
-The Muramite Death Shroud is now equipable by beastlords and has a wind instrument modifier. *
-The Onyx Ring of Prayer now has a stringed instrument modifier. *
-The drop rate has been increased for the following items in the Plane of Hate *
The Shattered Emerald of Corruption
Decrepit Hide
Staff of Elemental Mastery: Earth
Essence of Vampire
Eye of Innoruuk
-The Diamond Tipped War Javelin should now look more javelin like. *

Berserkers
-Berserker snare now has a set duration. *
-Berserkers should no longer get stuck during their epic quest.
-The following effects now lower hate instantly rather than over time: *
Diversive Strike
Distracting Strike
Confusing Strike

Guidehelp
-The “/guidehelp” command is now available. The /guidehelp command is for quest/event feedback, wedding requests
and questions regarding quests/events. Please be aware that all Customer Service issues must go through /petition
for resolution. There may only be 1 request in the guidehelp queue at a time for each player.

Raid Management
-Raid leaders now have the ability to add notes to the raid window. There is now a tabbed window in the Raid window,
clicking on the Notes tab will show all the raid members in a single list, with notes next to their name. The Raid
leader can click on a player, and change that player’s note in the edit box below the list. The note will show on
all raid members’ raid windows. *

-Added an MOTD to Raid Window. On the Notes tab there is a window for an MOTD at the bottom. The Raid leader can
edit this MOTD, and the new text will show on all Raid members’ Raid windows. *
-The escape key will now close your Raid Window.
-Raid Leaders can now remove members from the raid, even across zones. *

Tradeskills
-There have been several upgrades to Gates Tradeskilled items. *
-Gates smithed weapons have been adjusted. *
-Gates fletched arrows have had their damage increased and are now magical. *
-Tradeskill drinks from Gates of Discord have had their duration enhanced. *

Stopcasting
We have added a /stopcast command — This command will not work when riding a horse. *

Undead Pets
Pets no longer go away after their master has feigned death for more than 2 minutes. *

Lay on Hands and Harm Touch
Lay on Hands and Harm Touch will no longer affect corpses. *

Corpse Dragging
We have increased the range of the /corpse command *

Spells
Many damage shields have had their damage and duration increased. *
Increased the regeneration rate on the following spells:
-Regrowth of the Dar Khura
-Regrowth of the Grove
-Regrowth
-Replenishment
-Blessing of Replenishment

Modified the heal rate for the following spells: *
-Supernal Elixir
-Quiescence
-Holy Elixir
-Breath of Trushar
-Supernal Cleansing

Lowered the mana cost on the following spells: *
-Black Steel
-Ancient: Chaos Vortex
-Sun Vortex

Increased the duration and mana cost on the following spells. *
-Falcon Eye
-Eagle Eye
-Hawk Eye

Bards
Bards should no longer use instrument animations when wielding items other than instruments. (No more stabbing
yourselves in the head with your Epic!)

Character Creation
The character creation process now has Voice Over to guide you through new character creation.

Mouselook
Mouselook is much smoother and variable via a slider in the options window. If you use mouselook, make certain
you adjust the new settings.

Tutorial
All characters should start with the tutorial bank items.

Filters
-The Focus effect should now filter haste messages. *
-The Damage Shield filter should now work correctly.

– The EverQuest Team

* Denotes an item that was requested by the EverQuest community.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
June 30, 2004
——————————

Headlines

Download EQ Trilogy and play for 30 days free!

EverQuest: Platinum offers EQ and all 7 expansions in one box.

The Guide Program is looking for volunteers.

EQ Trilogy.
Have friends interested in EQ? Have them try the new EQ Trilogy download. You can now download EQ Trilogy and try out
an EQ account for 30 days free. See www.everquest.com for more on this exciting offer.

EverQuest: Platinum
EverQuest: Platinum is the most comprehensive collection of EverQuest expansions yet! It includes Classic EverQuest
and all seven expansion packs! Go to www.everquest.com for details on the complete EQ collection.

The Guide Program is looking for volunteers
A new era dawns for the EverQuest Guide Program! Magic and fun shall be spread throughout the world like you have
never seen before. The EverQuest Guide Program has a new focus creating and participating in dynamic content such
as quests, events, and other role-playing activities. Are you prepared to join us?
Visit https://guide.everquest.com/guideapp/ for your application today!

……………………………………………………………



……………………………………………………………

——————————
July 14, 2004
——————————

Headlines!

Veeshan’s Peak has been re-worked. Enjoy the new challenge.
A new Adventure Zone appears on Stormhammer.
You can now remove augments without losing them.

Veeshan’s Peak!
With this revamp we have Updated the level and NPC list for the zone:
Please note that this zone is now an elemental level zone! The entry
quest to Veeshan’’s Peak has been changed. The original key quest has
not been modified. However, the new entry quest uses the old key and
offers an alternate quest to do instead of the original key quest.

- Items in the zone are now of elemental planes quality.
- Faction now matters: Dragons in Veeshan’s Peak will now speak to
players if you have the correct faction and can understand them.
- New quests and lore: The dragons in Veeshan’s Peak will now give
players the option to acquire items through questing for them.
- The zone is now an exp zone as well: Hunting in the areas before the
dragons yields experience and loot.

New Adventure Zone for Stormhammer
Stormhammer gains a new adventure zone. This is a 2 group adventure
zone for characters of level 65.

Can you help the Eldritch Collective find and rescue Professor Bartleby
Beckelbracker? Search the Desert of Ro for the whereabouts of Bartleby
and his assistant Bomo and try to save them from the steel clutches of
their enemies.

Augment Removal *
- You can now purchase special “distillers” that will remove
augmentations without destroying them. These distillers are sold by a
merchant in Butcherblock. The item inspect window for an augmentation
will tell you which distiller is required to remove it.
- The existing solvents can still be used to destroy an augmentation if
you don’t want to keep it. You no longer need a different solvent for
each augmentation slot. The interface will allow you to select which
augmentation you wish to delete.
- For those with custom UI’s, you will need to update your
EQ_Container.xml file in order to use the new augment window.

Pets *
- Zoning pets are in. Persistent pet data includes: Items, Spell
Effects, hit points, mana, name, height, and mana cost to summon them.
All PC summoned pets should zone with you in all instances except for
when you die. Pets will also follow the same rules as no rent items if
you log with a pet.
- Pets can be shrunk again. Please wash them in only Cold water to
prevent inadvertently reducing their size.

Tribute Changes *
- Some items have had their favor value lowered.
- Players will now “Pre-pay” for tribute benefits. When benefits are
activated, the player will immediately be charged for those benefits
from their Favor pool. After that, the player will be charged every 10
minutes for the next 10 minutes of benefit. If benefits are deactivated
before the timer is depleted, no refund is given for the time
remaining.
- Players now have the ability to activate/deactivate the tribute
benefits they’ve selected (as a whole) whenever they like using a
button on the Tribute Benefit Window. However, every time the player
activates his benefits, he will be “Pre-pay” (see above). The ability
to change selected benefits (downgrade) away from the Tribute Master
has been removed.
- When visiting a Tribute Master, the player’s benefits will
deactivate. Players may re-organize their selected benefit load, but
will not be able to “preview” the benefits (seeing the effect on their
character when the benefit is selected). Benefit descriptions should
give the player a good indication of what the benefit will do when
activated.
- The EQ Label that shows the Tribute Benefit Timer will now show green
when benefits are active and gray when they are not.

Item Changes
- Manastones will no longer work in Forgotten Halls. It was not
intended for the item to be used there and some naughty folks were
taking advantage of the zone.
- Malcohm Thimbleton, in the Plane of Knowledge will now swap out some
Robe Graphic items for Tunic Graphics. *
- The Staff of Revealed Secrets now has a 2hb weapon model instead of
the little stick it had before. Enjoy your bigger stick.

UI Changes
- It is now possible to display your mana as a numeric value on your
inventory screen. *
- By mousing over your buff icons, you will now be able to see the
buffs remaining duration. *

Berserkers
- Berserkers now have innate crits beginning at level 12.
- Tainted Axe of Hatred now comes in stacks of 20.

Additional Notes
- You now have the ability to sell back LDoN items and augments to the
adventure merchants for a percentage of their original cost. *
- We have increased the number of NPC debuff slots from 30 to 50.
Necromancers rejoice. *
- The Doppleganger AA’s re-use timer has been reduced to 30 minutes. *
- Sprint and Planeswalk have had their movement rate increased. *
- Beware! Many named mobs in Gates will now summon.
- The Hide all traders option, for the Bazaar, will no longer need to
be reset each time you enter the zone. *
- /stopspellcast will no longer give spells recast delays.
- Leadership: Group/Raid mark npc should now update for people that are
added to the group or raid.
- Main assist will no longer clear if the main assist zones.
- Bards should once again play the stringed instrument animation when
playing a stringed instrument song.
- Hynid fleshrippers, tide feasters, and shore stonemites in Natimbi no
longer hit so hard.

……………………………………………………………

——————————
July 15, 2004
——————————

- Issues for shaman and druids with the Healing Adept AA have been
corrected.

- Finishing Blow will correctly be capped by level.

- Kick Mastery, Vicious Smash and Strengthened Strike no longer
increase the damage on all melee attacks. They now only apply to their
intended attacks.

- You will again have to hide to use your rogue Sneak Attack abilities.

- Item recast timers should display correctly.

- Planar Durability will now add the correct amount of hit points.

- You now will be able to see mana displayed numerically on the default
UI. To see the mana value, you will need to view the mana bar on your
inventory screen.

- A casting time has been added to the Demi Lich Skullcap.

- Some clickable items from the new Veeshan’s Peak have been modified.

- Berserkers who had purchased the AA, Fury of Ages, are being refunded
the purchase points in order to fix a data error. You will be able to
re-purchase the AA for the same cost.

Clarification
- Malcohm Thimbleton, in the Plane of Knowledge will now swap out the
following Robe Graphic items for Tunic Graphic items:
- Guardian Robe
- Shade Silk Robe
- Shainai’s Nightie
- Bile Stained Robes
- Cured Shade Silk Robe
- Robe of the Azure Sky

……………………………………………………………

——————————
August 11, 2004
——————————

Headlines!
_____________________

New PVP System goes live *
Raid Leaders can set up and change groups from the Raid Window *
Special Skies are back!
New Hot Zones
EQ will now be more friendly in Windowed mode

All New PVP System for PVP Servers *
_____________________

The Watch List:
- Safe Zones: We’’re still looking into a better solution for the
problem of safe zones. Expect some kind of change in the future.
- Point System: There are still concerns of potential exploits with the
point system at this time. Therefore the selection of PvP items
available on the merchants will be limited to consumable items for now.
We’ll monitor the accumulation of points after this update. If all goes
well, we will add a selection of equipment to the merchants in the near
future.
- Sullon Tokens: As a secondary concern with the point system, we are
delaying the addition of the turn-in quest for Sullon Zek tokens. If
there’s a potential problem with the point system that eventually
requires us to make adjustments to the way points are awarded, we don’t
want players to end up with less than full credit for these tokens.
Once the point system has had any potential issues ironed out we will
add a quest to turn in your tokens for PvP points.

PvP Changes
- Melee attacks have a 50% increased range. This does not affect thrown
weapons or archery.
- All safe zones have been removed save Shadowrest and the Bazaar.
- The maximum damage any one spell can do is now capped at 40% of the
target’s total hit points, down from 75%.
- Archery damage has been increased to 80% of its base damage in PvP,
up from 66%.
- Being stunned while on a horse will now cause the horse to disappear.
This only applies to stuns caused by other players.
- Lowered player melee mitigation, effectively lowering Armor Class by
20%. This will increase the damage potential of melee weapons in PvP.
Originally the targets full armor class was considered.
- Player spells now have a separate duration field for PvP. Individual spells will continue to be tuned during beta.
- Player spells now have a PvP specific resist mod. Spell lines with
resist mods differing from their normal adjusts initially include:
Movement Rate
Root
Enthrall
Mana Drain
Stuns
Direct Damage
Damage over Time
Pet procs/innates
- Added higher level snare spells for rangers/druids with increased
resists mods. This should allow them to land snare spells with similar
frequency to other snare spells. These spells are available on the PvP
merchants for 1 point each.
- Necro and Mage pets have had their PvP resists increased to closer
match the existing Beastlord pet resists.
- Lowered the duration of most snare, Enthrall, and Root spells and
abilities.
- Berserker snare is no longer unresistable.
- Added a set of pumice stones to the PvP merchants that will cast
various forms of dispel magic with a 1.5 second cast, 12 second cast
time.
- Arena deaths will now place you at your bind point, and not in
shadowrest.
- PvP Resurrection effects now last 5 minutes + 1 minute/negative
vitality point. The Max duration is now 15 minutes instead of 25.
- Made further changes to prevent hill ghosting. Please test this and
give feedback.
- Ranged weapons are no longer restricted by the Z axis, allowing
greater freedom of use on varied terrain.
- Snare will now properly slow mounts. The mount will still be faster
then normal running while snared, but will considerably decrease their
movement rate.
- Spells now have a minimum chance of landing of 5%, up from 2%.
- Water will no longer cause you to be immune to people outside of
water and vice versa.
- Zoning with low health will no longer set your hit points equal to
the amount of +HP gear you are wearing.
- Players killed in PvP combat will now spawn in Shadowrest with full
equipment. A naked corpse will remain in the location they died for 3
hours. Note that this effectively removes item loot from Rallos Zek.
With the addition of no drop augments it became rather trivial to
effectively remove item loot from the server anyway, and we felt the
benefits of the new death system outweigh the benefits of an item loot
system.
- Players who are killed in PvP combat will respawn with special
resurrection effects on them. The duration of these effects is variable
dependant on how frequently they die.
- Summon Corpse Potions are now usable by any class/race.
- A system to score PvP kills has been implemented. For more
information see below.

Scoring System

The new scoring system will award points to any player who kills
another player. If the player is grouped the points will be split
between the players in the group. The points awarded will be based on
three things:
1. Level of the killer
2. Scoring Modifier
a. Level Difference
b. Infamy Difference
c. Vitality score
3. Time since the victim was last killed by the same player.
1. Level of the killer
Each kill has a base point cost determined by the level of the killer. All subsequent
modifiers apply to this base number.
2. Scoring modifier
The scoring modifier is based on three things. Each of these factors results in a score
that is then applied in whole to the point value of
the kill.

a. Level Difference
For each level the killer is above or below the victim, the scoring
modifier increase by one point. If you kill some one who is higher
level than you, you’ll gain more points then you will for a lower level
character. You will also subtract points from your modifier for killing
a player lower level than you.

Higher level characters are more powerful, and should be worth more
points. A victim must be at least level 20 to awards points.

b. Infamy Difference
Each time you kill another player, points are added to your infamy
pool. At certain thresholds a player will gain an infamy level. When a
player is killed, the infamy levels are compared and the killer gains a
scoring modifier point for each infamy level his victim is above him.
He can also lose scoring modifier points for killing someone who is of
lower infamy. Infamy will gradually deteriorate while the player is
online.

Players who regularly PvP are generally of higher skill level then
those that do not. This encourages players to kill other players who
are of more equivalent skill.

c. Vitality
When a player is killed their vitality is set to –10. For each 5
minutes they are alive, they will gain back two points of vitality.
This vitality total is added directly to the scoring modifier.

A player who dies very frequently is worth less points then one who
stays alive longer.

d. Group bonus
Groups of 4 or more will receive a bonus % of points for each kill.
4/10%, 5/15%, 6/20%.
Example:
Frizznik kills Rytan. Frizznik is level 60, while Rytan is level 62 for
a level difference of 2. Frizznik has an infamy level of 5, while Rytan
has an infamy level of 2, which results in infamy difference of –3.
Rytan has not recently been killed, so his vitality is 0. Level
Difference + Infamy Difference + Vitality = Scoring Point Modifier or 2
+ (-3) + 0.
Each scoring modifier point adds or subtracts 5% to the base score.
Normally Frizznik would gain 100 points for killing Rytan, but because
of the scoring point modifier he will gain 95 points instead.
3. Time since the killer has killed the same victim
Players that repeatedly kill the same player will see a steep decrease
in the amount of points a player is worth. They will gain half the
points for the kill they normally would for each time they kill that
player in a 24 hour period. After the score has dropped below 1 point,
they will begin to lose points for killing the same player.

Leader Board

The leader board tracks the players with the most total PvP. A number
of other useful statistics will be available in the leader board.

Point Rewards

Players will be able to redeem their points for equipment via a Lost
Dungeons of Norrath style adventure merchant interface. These rewards
will span from level 20 on up to 65 and include some pieces that are of
elemental quality and possibly beyond.

A player’s point total is capped based on their level. They cannot gain
more points once they hit that cap, although they can gain more infamy.
There will be a number of consumable PvP items that will be focused on
PvP combat, and will only function against other players.

Windowed Mode *
_____________________
The EverQuest process is now more friendly. Alt+tab’ing to other
windows should be much more responsive.You can also choose to adjust
your maximum Frames Per Second(FPS) in the Options Window under display
settings. The valid range for the slider is 10 to 100. The default is
100 which means EverQuest will not throttle your FPS. Lowering your
setting will cap your FPS at that value and free up the CPU for other
tasks.

Raid Window Additions
_____________________
- The raid window contains a new row of buttons which the raid leader
can use to organize the raid members into groups.
- Lock/Unlock: The raid must be locked before the raid leader may use
any of the new buttons.
- RemLeader: Removes the ‘Group Leader’ flag from the selected player
from the ‘Players Not in a Group’ list. (Only 12 players may be Group
Leaders, so this may be necessary to allow creation of a new group with
a new leader).
- NoGroup: Removes the selected player from their current group and put
them into the ‘Players Not in a Group’ list.
- 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10,11,12: Moves the selected player into the
numbered group.

Hot Zones have changed! *
_____________________

Hunt for greater XP rewards in the new Hot Spots. Make your way to the
following zones.

60-65 Plane of Torment
55-60 Chardok
50-55 Grieg’s End
45-50 Nurga
40-45 City of Mist
35-40 Kaesora
30-35 Dalnir
25-30 Hollowshade Moor
20-25 Runnyeye

Kill a few goblins for me. Oh, and that Grieg guy.

AA Changes
_____________________
- The cleric AA Touch of the Divine has had its healing power
increased. The original ability has been refunded, so players who wish
to retain the ability will need to purchase it again. The portion of
the AA that will remove detrimental effects, when it goes off, will not
be going in with this update.
- The necromancer AA Swarm of Decay has been refunded.
- The shaman AA Call of the Ancients has had its description changed to
reflect the fact that the summoned ward casts healing spells, not
endurance regen spells. The ability has been refunded because of this
confusion.
- The rogue ability Seized Opportunity has had its chance to work
significantly increased.
- The druid ability Viscid Roots was increasing the chance for roots to
break, not decreasing it. This has been corrected.
- The paladin ability Hastened Piety now affects the reuse time for
both Hand of Piety and its upgrade, Pious Supplication. Previously, it
wasn’t affecting Pious Supplication.
- When an AA is an upgrade of another AA and both are triggered
abilities, players can make a hotkey and use either one, but will only
get the upgraded effect if they use the hotkey for the upgraded
ability.
- The Mass Group Buff AA will now reset if you duck to cancel the
spell.
- The double attack AA now works with secondary hand attacks.

Consent Changes *
_____________________

There are some new consent commands available for groups and raids.

- /consent group — flags your current corpses so they can be dragged
by all of your current group members
- /consent raid — flags your current corpses so they can be dragged by
anyone in your raid (including people who join the raid later)
- /consent guild — flags your current corpses so they can be dragged
by anyone in your guild
- /deny group — removes the flag
- /deny raid — removes the flag
- /deny guild — removes the flag

Tacvi Changes
_____________________
- Tacvi will no longer give lockout timers. Instead, when you beat an
encounter there, you will gain a timer for that specific event. Then,
when you come back to the zone, if that timer hasn’t expired yet that
particular event won’t be up, but other events in the zone will be if
it has been long enough since the last time they were defeated.
- Loot in Tacvi has been given a thorough audit. Many changes were made
including changes to the statistics of the items, changing item names,
changing where the items drop, and over a dozen new items were added to
the zone.
- The Tacvi zone timer was increased from 6 hours to 12 hours.

Misc.
_____________________
- Diamond Dust will now drop more frequently in permafrost and can now
also be found in SolusekB *
- Names will now scale with character they’re associated with. So a
giant will have a much larger name than a Halfling will while retaining
its much smaller brain.
- Names for larger characters will be visible from a greater distance
than the names for smaller characters are. They will also scale up
slightly as you increase your distance from a character, making them
more readable from a greater distance.
- Tinting should now work properly again on Robes, let the Fluorescent
Pink tinting begin!
- We have added Tooltips for your status bars.*
- We have made some changes to the fonts EQ uses so that they are more
clear and visible.
- Pets will no longer attacks NPCs after their owner has COH’d
- The Fiery Defenders particles should no longer blink
- If your Minor Illusion fails, you will be able to use another
illusion on yourself without zoning.
- Instant cast combat abilities can once again be used when you have a
discipline up.
- Augments now fit into multiple slot types.
- Zoning pets will now save their taunt toggle settings.
- Spell damage done to yourself will no longer display to others.
- Pets will no longer poof when you are Call of Hero’d.
- Weapon Augments will now proc properly.

*denotes a community requested change

……………………………………………………………

——————————
September 14, 2004
——————————

Headlines
___________________
Omens of War is live!
New Teleportation Spells to Barindu.
Just me and my shadooooow!
Reflective Water?
Register now for the New Orleans Fan Faire.

Omens of War
___________________
Explore the war torn lands of Kuua and reap the benefits of new AAs,
spells and items including the new, powerful, Epic 2.0. Lush new areas,
filled with beautiful creatures and vibrant, living landscapes await
you at every turn. We hope you enjoy all that EverQuest: Omens of War
brings to the game.

Travel to the Omens Zones
___________________
The Priests of Discord in Norrath believe they have been granted a
gift. A unique knowledge has been bestowed upon them which they believe
was granted as a reward for preaching the way of Discord. That gift,
they claim, is the knowledge of a way to a world that is enveloped by
Discord itself — an ethereal poison that wreaks havoc and strife upon
all it touches.

Speak to a Priest of Discord to learn how to enter the World of Kuua.

The Task System
___________________
Only have a short time to play or are you waiting for a group or raid?
Immerse yourself in a Task. You can find Task Masters all over Norrath.
They can be found in most home cities as well as in places like the
East Commonlands, the Butcherblock Mountains, Toxxulia Forest and the
Swamp of No Hope. For the more daring individuals, the most challenging
tasks can be found by speaking with Task Masters in the Dreadlands and
the Overthere.

You can open the task window by hitting Alt+Q and start enjoying this
new game-play style and enhancement to the EverQuest experience.

Be mindful of turning in task items in stacks, as with all quests in
EQ, please seperate the items before turning them in for a reward.

Epic Weapons 2.0
___________________
Will you be the first of your class to earn these powerful new items?

Guild Tribute
___________________
Omens of War expansion brings a new Guild Tribute system. This system
will allow guild members to donate items/cash for Tribute points, and
allow officers to select benefits that the entire guild will receive,
deducting the cost from the guild’’s tribute pool.

Guild Tribute is an extension of the tribute system introduced in Gates
of Discord and purchasers of either expansion, will be able to reap the
new benefits.

Retail Claim Item
___________________
Those of you who purchased the retail version of EverQuest: Omens of
War will need to use the /claim command in-game to receive your in-game
items. Enjoy!

Select your title
___________________
You can hit Shift+T to bring up the new Title selection UI which will
allow you to choose from the titles you have earned, through AAs,
levels or accomplishments, to be shown with your character name in-
game.

Voice Macros
___________________
Using Ctrl+V will bring up the new Voice Macro UI. There you will see a
list of available voice macros as well as the options of Play, Tell,
Group and Raid. Selecting a macro and play will play the macro for you
only. Selecting a macro and using one of the other options will send
the voice macro to either a tell (using the person you have targeted as
the recipient), group or raid.

To create your own voice macros, make a sound file using the same name
as one of the existing voice macros, which can be found in your
EverQuest>Voice>Default directory and place it in your EverQuest>Voice>
User directory.

You can create hot keys of your favorite Voice Macros by selecting the
macro you would like and clicking and holding on the Tell, Raid or
Group button until the icon appears on your cursor.

We hope you enjoy this new way to immerse yourself into the EverQuest
experience.

New Spell Slot
___________________
For the first time in EQ, you can open up a new spell slot by learning
the Mnemonic Retention AA ability. 9 Spell slots! Wow, Why I remember
in the early days of EQ, we only had 8 spell slots and we liked it. We
cast spells all day, going uphill both ways. You whippersnappers have
it easy =)

More Buff Slots
___________________
If you find that you need more room for beneficial buffs on your
character, activate the Mystical Attuning AA and open up more room in
your buff slot window.

Improved Customization for Graphics
___________________
-There are now 3 sets of options (Spell, Environment, and Actor). All 3
sets have similar options that affect each type of particle. These
options allow for more customization when setting up your display and
filters.

-An “advanced” button has been added under the display tab in the
options window. This will allow you to toggle some of the new settings,
for our new customizable graphics and effects. You will most likely
need to expand the options window to see the new Advanced button.

- Shadows; Toggles the new dynamic shadows.
- Water Swap*: Switches between old style water, and new reflective
water the next time you zone.
- 2.X Pixel Shaders: Toggles the use of pixel shaders 2.0.
- 1.X Pixel Shaders: Toggles the use of pixel shaders 1.0.
- Vertex Shaders: Toggles the use of vertex shaders.
- Sky Reflection Type*: Set to Static to use a preset reflection or
Dynamic to have the sky reflected on the water.
- Dynamic Update Interval: Control the CPU costs of the dynamic
reflection by adjusting how often to update the reflection texture
- Dynamic Sky Reflection Size*: Allows you to control how large the
reflection texture is.
(The * indicates a setting that will take effect next time you zone).

- You can now see real time shadows within the world of Norrath. Use
the shadows option in options>Display>advanced to turn them off and on.
Now, even when soloing, you will never be alone. Those of you with
older video cards may have some performance issues when attempting to
use shadows. If your machine does not meet the recommended system
specifications, we suggest that you play with shadows off.

- Enjoy sunsets and moonrises viewed above EverQuest’s new reflective
water which is available for everyone, wherever there is static water,
e.g. Oceans, seas and lakes. You can toggle the new water shaders on
and off using the Water Swap button, under options>display>advanced.

Zoning Screen
___________________
When zoning, you will now see the loading splash screen. You have not
crashed, do not be alarmed.

New Improved Particles
___________________
-You will now be affected by the environment around you, be sure to
check out these effects especially under water, in frigid weather, dry
climates and upon death.

Spells
___________________
- Clerics Symbol and Aegolism spell lines no longer require reagents.
- Necromancer pets will no longer require peridots.
- The beastlord spell, Tureptan Spirit, now has a healing component.
- New transportation spells are available in the Abysmal Sea. Check
with your transportation spell contact for more information.
- Bard PBAoE spells will no longer damage targets that are moving,
however any other spell effects from the PBAoE spell will still be
applied to the targets as usual.
- Beneficial spells can now be used in the EverQuest tutorial.

Skill Cap Changes
___________________
- Piercing now caps at 250 at level 60 for warriors, rangers and
beastlords.
- 1h Blunt and 2h Blunt now cap at 250 at level 60 for beastlords

Items
___________________
- The Timespinner pet will no longer cast spells.
- The Dagger of Death has had its AC value reduced.
- Some of the new Omens of War items will now display an “Attunable”
attribute, which means that they can be traded freely until they are
equipped or augmented. Attunable augments will become no-drop flagged
when added to an augment slot, attunable items will become no-drop when
equipped. You will not be able to auto-equip an attunable item that has
not been attuned to your character. Please be mindful of the new
Attunable flag before equipping or augmenting new items.

Alternate Advancement Abilities
___________________
- Berserkers have received some new AAs. This should bring their AA
selection up to par with comparable melee classes.
- Added the ability for shadow knights to train the Gates of Discord
ability Improved Theft of Life and the Planes of Power ability
Suspended Minion.
- The healing wards that priests can summon using their Gates of
Discord AAs are now immune to most spells.
- Lowered the reuse time on the Magician ability Host of the Elements
to 15 minutes.
- Added the ability to train Quick Damage to Magicians as a Luclin
Class ability.
- Increased the critical hit chance for the Wizard Gates of Discord AA
Frenzied Devastation.

Fan Faire
___________________
We are proud to announce the Halloween, New Orleans Fan Faire! The
event dates are October 28-30, 2004, and space is going fast! The last
day to guarantee your spot by pre-registering is October 11th. For more
information, please go to http://everquest.station.sony.com/fanfaire/
See you in New Orleans!

UI Changes
___________________
The following XML files are new or have been modified:

- EQUI_Animations.xml
- EQUI_BuffWindow.xml
- EQUI_CastSpellWnd.xml
- EQUI_DynamicZoneWnd.xml
- EQUI_GuildManagementWnd.xml
- EQUI_GuildTributeMasterWnd.xml
- EQUI_OptionsWindow.xml
- EQUI_TaskSelectWnd.xml
- EQUI_TaskWnd.xml
- EQUI_TitleWnd.xml
- EQUI_TributeBenefitWnd.xml
- EQUI_VoiceMacroWnd.xml
- EQUI.xml
- EQUI_AAWindow.xml
- EQUI_AdvancedDisplayOptionsWnd.xml

……………………………………………………………

——————————
September 23, 2004
——————————

Monk Epic
- Speaking to certain monk epic mobs will no longer reset the monk’s
progression.
- Monks that turned in their letters will now be able to continue the
quest from where they currently are.
- Monks should have an easier time locating the lost Disciple.

Guild Tribute
- Players with Gates, but not Omens, should now be able to open the
Guild Tribute Master to both opt-in and donate for Guild Tribute
Benefits.
- Suspended pets will no longer vanish when their owner turns
invisible.
- Skies will now show correctly for Windows 98/ME users.
- Warriors will be reimbursed for their Press the Attack AA. They can
buy the ability with its new range if they wish.
- Salvage will no longer return items that would be returned normally.

– The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 13, 2004
——————————

- Summoned pets no longer vanish when their owner turns invisible
- Froglok animations are now fixed, seriously, no really we mean it
this time.
- Continue the Adventure! Read the first in the new series of EQ
Novels.

Warrior Epic
______________________
- Modified the way Decaying Lord Galuk Drek is spawned in Veksar. He
should now be more approachable and less of a bottleneck for those
warriors at this step.
- Lowered the respawn time of the Dragorn Champion in Wall of Slaughter
significantly. We have also lowered his aggro and help radius.

Bard Epic
______________________
- Corrected an issue in the Dragons Necropolis that caused more NPCs to
be present than was planned for.
- The Kithicor Forest encounter should now reset properly.

Ranger Epic
______________________
- Rangers triggering the Senvial, Grinbik and Uisima events for their
Epic quest will need to have the trigger item on their person.
- It should no longer be possible for a ranger with Senvial’s Blessing
to get the reward for the Senvial event.

Druid Epic
______________________
- Corrected an issue with the Coven spawn in South Karana.
- The Blackened Dryad event in Kithicor should now respawn correctly
after a failed attempt.
- Only the druid who initiates the Goblin Hide and Seek event will be
allowed to the loot the bag upon completion.
- More than one Druid can now summon and talk to the Compelled Spirit.
- We have increased the drop rate of the carved Prexus totem.

Magician Epic
______________________
- The Path for finding the air essence should last a bit longer.
- Magicians will now receive a message when the air essence is not
available.

Gates of Discord
______________________
There’s a new NPC in Natimbi that will make traveling to Qvic much
easier. Speak with her for a small teleport.

Tradeskills
______________________
- Alchemists can now create Amber Resin.
- The Feran Glove and Boot recipes will now combine and return their
intended items.
- The recipe for the 56th level Necromancer spell, Servant of Bones,
should now combine correctly.
- The Dagger Blade Mold, used in Gates smithing recipes, has been
renamed to a Knife Blade Mold.

Items
______________________
- Seething Fists of Slaughter- Previously this item had no equipped
slots. This now has primary and secondary equippable slots
- Fangs of the Serpent- Previously this item had no equipped slots.
This now has primary and secondary equippable slots.
- Bone Plated Sledge – This item now has 36% haste instead of +36 atk.
- Boots of Shifting Time – Previously these boots had a worn leather
graphic. They are now a worn plate graphic instead.
- Zulaqua’s Cloak – Added 30 AC to this item
- Crystal Dagger – This item now has a +12% backstab mod.
- Tome of New Beginnings – Berserkers now can equip this item.
- Lambent Stone of Focus – This item is now a type 7 and type 8
augmentation.
- Crystal Mail Sleeves – This item now has berserkers as usable
classes. We have removed Beastlords from this items usable classes.

AAs
______________________
Altered Spell Casting Reinforcement and Spell Casting Reinforcement
Mastery so they will no longer increase the duration of the following
spells.
- Flame of Redemption
- Hawk Strike
- Fateseer’s Boon
- Protection of the Eye
- Savage Wildcaller’s Blessing
- Flames of the Valiant
- Falcon Strike
- Prophet’s Gift of the Ruchu
- Aegis of Abstraction
- Might of the Wild Spirits
Altered Healing Adept, Advanced Healing Adept, and Healing Adept
Mastery so they will no longer increase the healing of the following
spells.
- Harmonic Balance
- Divine Balance

Misc
______________________
- Added a new option to turn off the loading screen when zoning. You
will still see the progress bar.
- Added a new shadow command to allow you to turn off the shadows in
your text bar. The command is /shadow
- Changed the Dynamic Zone window to show player status in the member
list. Online players are yellow, Link Dead players are red, Offline
players are blue.
- Hide / Sneak will now remain active across zone lines.
- All NPCs in Omens of War expedition zones are now KOS. Beware!
- Summoned pets will no longer vanish when their owner uses
invisibility! Rejoice!
- Vallon Zek should no longer assist Tallon Zek.

The Rogues Hour!
______________________
RA Salvatore presents a brand new series of EverQuest fantasy novels.
Explore the ever-expanding world of Norrath in the first book,
EverQuest: The Rogue’s Hour, available in stores soon.

– The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
October 25, 2004
——————————

Headlines!

Items for Anguish!
New Storybook entry.

Omens of War
________________
Due to a database error, itemization of the Anguish zone was lost. We
have re-itemized the zone and wish you luck in uncovering its riches.

Tradeskills
________________
- Fire Beetle Eyes now stack.
- The Smithing Chisel is no longer flagged Lore.
- Lightning Core is now stackable.
- Changed the name of the Gnomish Vanishing Device to Half Capacity
Gnomish Vanishing Device.
- Golanda Nuts now stack.
- The Beauty of a Simple Stone should now have text.
- The Sandblasted Ringmail Bracelet and Large Sandblasted Steel Girth
should now fit the appropriate-sized races.
- Caerlyna should no longer be dispensing no-drop bag tokens.
- The cast time on the 5 and 10 dose Greater Elixir’s of Concentration
should now have the same cast time as the single-dose version.

Berserkers
________________
Warcry and Hastened Warcry should now work as intended.

– The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 15, 2004
——————————

*** Update Headlines ***
___________________________

* Backflagging
* Gates AA point refunding
* New Hot Spots
* Mistmoore

Backflagging *
___________________________

As you know, when a guild gains or loses members, they often find
themselves dedicating a large amount of time re-playing content that
they have long since completed in order to gain access to zones for
newer members. During our Community Summit this last summer, and in
many subsequent discussions, we have heard the recurring desire to find
a way to ease the frustrations associated with this backflagging.

While the issue is not as simple as removing flags altogether (we feel
flags are necessary for the zones they are currently attached to), we
have looked into ways that we can reduce the frustrations of
backflagging and feel that we have arrived at a fair and equitable
solution, which is detailed below.

- A new implementation of the 85/15 rule has been introduced into
Planes of Power zones including the Plane of Time. This should resolve
the outstanding problems that occur from time to time with the current
85/15 implementation.

- The new 85/15 has also been introduced for the locked zones in Gates
of Discord.

- An alternate means of flagging guild mates for locked content in
Planes of Power and Gates of Discord has been implemented that will
allow you to flag raid members for the zone you are in by completing
raid content within that zone.

The implementation varies slightly from zone to zone to fit the story
and nature of the zone, but in general will involve killing a raid
target within that zone, looting an item, and completing a single group
quest to change that item into a zone flag. This only applies to zones
that don’t already have a single group task or system to gain access.

AA Changes
___________________________

- Reduced the cost of many Gates AAs. Players will receive a refund
equal to the difference on AAs that now have a lower cost. *

- Changed the monk AA Crippling Strike to an activated ability that
does an eagle strike attack as well as a snare.

- Changed the monk AA Stunning Kick to an activated ability that does a
round kick attack as well as a stun.

- Changed the monk AA Eye Gouge to an activated ability that does a
tiger claw attack as well as reduces the targets offensive ability.

- Due to major changes in how these work, AA points for Crippling
Strike, Stunning Kick, and Eye Gouge have been refunded.

- Reduced the reuse time of the Ranger AAs Frost Arrow and Flame Arrow
to 3 minutes. *

- Hobble of Spirits will now stack with the Beastlord’s proc buffs. *

- Fixed problem with the Beastlord AA Bestial Alignment where if you
had maxed buffs this AA would not reset if it did not take.

- Duration enhancement focuses and AAs should now increase the duration
of pet buffs.

- If your stored AA’s go above 30, they will no longer be set to 30
when you zone. However, you should still not be able to gain more than
30 unless you get a refund, get the AA from a GM, or get an AA from a
script. *

- Fixed an issue with Half Elf Paladins of Tunare and the Origin AA. *

- If your character was created before EQ started storing starting
location data, when you log into the game you will now be prompted to
choose your home city from a list of valid starting locations for your
character. You will only need to do this once and once this has been
set, it cannot be changed. This will correct the problems with the
Origin AA not returning some characters to their expected home city.

Zone and NPC Changes
___________________________

- Hot Spots have been moved (level ranges are approximate): *
Shadeweaver’’s Thicket 1-30
Kurn’s Tower 10-25
Unrest 15-30
Crystal Caverns 25-35
Solusek’s Eye 25-45
Katta Castellum 30-60
Lower Guk 35-55
Nagafen’s Lair 40-55
Umbral Plains 50-60

- Respawn time for the bosses in Tacvi has been increased from 3 to 5
days.

- Some Tacvi loot has been upgraded. Bosses now drop more items per
kill and some all new items have been added to the zone. *

- An alternate entrance into Tacvi has been added in Txevu that will
allow guilds to bypass the Zun’Muram after they have defeated him at
least once. Guilds that have previously defeated the Zun’Muram will
need to do so at least once more before they can use the new entrance. *

- Gilipus of Ak`Anon has joined the Beta Neutral Faction. You will now
be able to complete his quest without having to raise Gem Choppers
Faction.

- The 3 Tormentors in the Jelvan event now share hatelist when idle or
aggro. Anyone that is on one Tormentor’s hatelist, but not on the other
2 Tormentor’s hatelist will be added. This should make it difficult (if
not impossible) to avoid AOEs.

- Modified the Warden Hanvar event, all guards should appear in their
appointed places.

- Fixed a bug in Anguish that could make Warden Hanvar unkillable.

- Clicking on the door to Anguish while having the Seal: Mastery of All
on your person will now prompt red text indicating your flag has been
granted.

- The respawn of Globes of Discordant Energy are now tracked on the
event timer for Anguish. The method for obtaining the Globes has not
changed.

- The pile of stones that was used as a secondary zone between Dranik
and Bloodfields has been removed. There is now an actual zoneline
there.

- Plane of Justice – previously, you could not click the red teleports
to leave the Seventh Hammer’s room unless the Seventh Hammer was dead
(or not up). This has been changed so you can leave the room as long as
it is not aggro. If you click on a portal while he is aggro, you should
get a message and remain in the room.

- Grennet Stormhand in North Qeynos is no longer a task master since he
is part of a quest. His task master job has been taken over by Jorren
Boxmover.

- Increased the maximum duration for all Labyrinth Trials from 1 hour
to 2 hours. When an event is successfully completed, the instance will
shut down in 30 minutes. If it is failed, the instance will shut down
in 5 minutes.

- Changed the reclusive Girplan event in Bloodfields so that each NPC
in the sequence stays up for 15 minutes instead of 3 minutes before
depopping.

- Elemental NPCs are once again Charmable in Bastion of Thunder.

Epic Alterations
___________________________

- Updated some text to clarify what is needed for the bard epic 2.0. *

- Part of the rogue epic that could be skipped has been repaired as
this was not intended to be possible.

- The zonewide shout that occurs when killing base pop NPCs in the
special instance of Vxed for the paladin epic has now been removed.

- Added another check to the monk epic to make sure that the monk
looting the item also has the Mark of Justice needed to access the 7th
Hammer’s area.

- More details regarding the combine for the Beastlord Epic 2.0 have
been added to the text. *

- Fixed the hand in to Uisima for the Ranger Epic 1.5.

- Added a hint to the Druid Epic 2. *

- In the Hider Event in Frontier Mountains for the Druid Epic 1.5, the
goblins should teleport a bit less frequently. *

- Additional lore has been added to the rogue epic 2.0. *

- Moved the Dark Huntress from Mistmoore to the Tower of Frozen Shadow.

- Changed a few of Lirprin’s dialogues to hint at where the last few
steps are that players are missing. *

- Arly Golyeck in Paludal caverns will now accept bribes from half-
elves, or those that are in half-elven illusion while also wearing a
Burnoose of the Halfbreed.

Tradeskill Changes
___________________________

- The Tradeskill window will now allow up to 500 favorites (up from
100). *

- The drop rate of spiderling silk has been increased, as there are
many new combines that require this item as a component. *

- The Rune of Zephyr should now drop off of the appropriate level of
NPC’s. *

- Several Tradeskill recipes have had their missing ingredients added
to the game. These items will now drop off of appropriate NPC’s. *

- Increased the drop rate of Tae Ew Scales. *

- Increased the drop rate of Putrescent Blood. *

- Made several quest-related combines “Learnable”. *

- Fixed a few grammatical issues with the “Forge of Icewell Arms” book.

- Fixed an issue with one of the Abysmal Sea tradeskill books (The
Beauty of a Simple Stone). It should now be able to be read.

- Fixed the recipe for the Imbued Northman Kite Shield (Rallos).

- Fixed the research recipe for Malosini, it should now combine
properly.

- Fixed the recipe for Tuna Rice Surprise, it will now return the Wok
on success.

- Fixed the Large Sandblasted Steel Girth, it is now usable by the
appropriate races.

- Fixed the Sandblasted Ringmail Bracelet, it is now usable by the
appropriate races.

- Fixed the multiple-recipes for Vegetable Oil, they will now return
the correct yields.

- Fixed the disparity in between the cast-times on the various “Greater
Elixir of Concentration” potions.

- Added the Blood Treated Kaniz Hide to the game.

- Added a recipe for players to create a package of vegetables. *

- Added a “Fully Charged Gnomish Vanishing Device” to the game. *

- Added LDoN Foraged items to the Interactive Objects in all LDoN zones
(this includes the foraged alchemy components). *

- Removed the lore tag from the Smithing Chisel. *

- Taught Barbarians how to make Large Leather Gorgets and Pants. *

- Evaluated the PoP Smithing disparity between plate and chain. *
1. One block of ore will now yield two sheets of metal. *
2. Removed the Chain Jointing requirement from the combine. It now
requires one Superb Leather Padding instead. *

Item, Spell, Discipline and Skill Changes
___________________________

- Auto range attack implemented, no longer will it be necessary to
range attack manually – /autofire is a toggle command that will fire
your ranged weapon until you run out of ammunition, turn on autoattack
to switch to melee combat, or use the /autofire command again. *

- /melody ability implemented for bards – To use /melody, type /melody
. The numbers are the same numbers you would use for the /cast command.
The melody will repeat the songs in the specified order until a note is
missed due to an interruption. *

- Modified Mirrored Mask, so it is no longer no rent and poof on death,
however the click effect only works inside Anguish.

- Increased the chance on the Cleave effects to affect DPS as they were
originally intended.

- Fixed a bug with the Frenzy of Conquest benefit.

- No-rent containers no longer poof on login if they contain items.
They instead change into an unenchanted container with the same number
of slots, and a chat message notifies the player. *

- Changed the Mark of Justice to take the player’s group instead of
just the player when attempting to engage The 7th Hammer. *

- Cryston, Staff of the Riftnow has the focus of Quickening of the
Ikaav.

- Dragorn Head Statue Piece and Dragorn Torso Statue Piece are now very
large and can fit in bags.

- Clear Rock and A Large Rock are now very large and can fit in bags.

- Polished Stone of Renewal can now be used by berserkers. *

- Berserker: Hastened War Cry has been fixed.

- Bards will stop playing songs when feign death effects hit them (some
NPC encounters do this).

- Players are no longer able to have Form of the Great Bear and a mount
on at the same time.

- Holyforge will now increase your chance to slay undead, and if you
have the Slay Undead AA you will have an even greater chance of a slay
with Holyforge. *

- The spell Nature’s Blight was not increasing the damage as stated and
should be working as intended now. *

- Fixed a bug with haste items and haste augments. Their effects were
stacking when they shouldn’t have. It will now only take the greatest
haste effect from the item including augments.

- When combining the aegis of chaotic worship with the soul temper and
a flask of water, you will receive the temper and the aegis of chaotic
worship back if you don’t have the correct flags instead of just the
aegis back.

- The Monk’s feign death success rate has been improved. It was
previously capped at 95% at 100 skill and now it ramps up the success
rate for higher skill levels. *

- Fixed several inconsistencies with pets affected by focus items.

- Increased the mana regen gained by Elemental Simulacrum.

- Touch of the Devourer was changed to allow partial damage when it is
resisted. This is an increase in the overall damage of the spell.

- New items are available on the PvP point merchants. *

- Might of the Wild Spirits and Savage Wildcaller’s Blessing should now
stack better.

- The effect on the Wristband of Secrets no longer works on other
players.

- Increased the focus % of the following effects:
Hastening of the Ikaav
Quickening of the Ikaav
Alacrity of the Ikaav

- Increased the potency of Pure Spirit.

- Nature’s Balance should now only remove beneficial spells from the
target.

- Removed the scaling focus mods from the following spells:
Force of Ikkibi
Order of Trushar
Sylvan Anger
Taelosian Geomancy
Burning Night
Anger of Taelosia
Sylvan Kindle
Clear Fire

- The the class-specific quest chest armors from Omens of War now have
a .8 second cast time.

- The pre-nerf LDoN armor sets can now be sold back to the merchants,
like other LDoN items. They are the versions with two type 2 slots and
one type 3 slot (instead of one each of types 1, 2, and 3). These items
are those with the following in the item name:
Royal Attendant * of Sand
Incorporeal * of the Specter
Mucus-Drenched *
Immortal’s Bloodied *

Miscellaneous
___________________________

- Multiple procs on a pet are now working properly. *

- A resource leak in the graphics engine was corrected and we have seen
a measurable improvement in client stability as a result.

- The sky system now influences the ambient lighting.

- Animated traps such as the ones in soldunga/b are now detected by the
collision system and will cause a small amount of damage.

- You can once again target things on the other side of a water surface
and other passable surfaces.

- Added code to check and validate specialization skills. If the values
are not legal, the player will be informed why they are not legal and
they are reset.

- Added popup confirmation dialog when you attempt to give an augmented
item to an NPC. *

- Added optional parameters to /book command — /book open, /book
close. *

- Fixed bug where a player who had more than 2 million plat in his
inventory was unable to purchase anything from a vendor or trader.

- /yell messages are no longer displayed if the yelling player is in
your ignore list. *

- Some models that were scaled dramatically could cause the collision
system to fail, resulting in warps to ceiling and other strange side
effects. For example the vases in dranikcatacombsa at 1000,-1011, 0
would always cause players to be pinned to the ceiling due to this bug.

- Players standing on the lip of an edge should now slide down off them
more smoothly.

- There have been some optimizations to the collision system. You
should see improved performance in zones with very large stationary
objects (potimea, bloodfields, etc).

- Fixed a number of small bugs in the zoom camera behavior. These fixes
include removing the possibility of having the first mousewheel click
causing the camera to bounce back into first person, a bug that could
cause the camera to get stuck “one click” out of first person, as well
as smoothing out the camera motion a bit.

- Scrolling to third person and tabbing to another window should no
longer cause the screen to bounce back and forth.

- Summoning mounts in certain places should no longer cause players to
fall through geometry.

- Getting out of water should be much easier to do. *

- Mounts are no longer dismissed when zoning. *

- Spell scribe timers (putting a new spell into the spell book) now
take only 1 second.

- Players should no longer experience 20k falls when standing on cliff
edges while suffering from low frame rate.

- The bounding radius for small races was too tall, preventing them
from accessing some areas. For example, gnomes couldn’t enter the small
huts in Steamfont. This was a global problem that is now fixed; that is
just one example.

- Weather effects are now working properly when the Wake of Karana
spell is used. Additionally, sounds related to starting

- /who commands now display both class title and base class name for
players over level 50, e.g. “Bedazzler (Enchanter)” *

- Fixed a bug that caused a lot of writing to the dbg.txt file during a
raid.

Zone Revamps – Mistmoore (Legends)
___________________________

In Mistmoore’s Catacombs, the servants of the Trueborn, a sect of
vampires with Mayong Mistmoore’s blood flowing through their veins,
grew tired of their masters throwing them into the fray against the
Norrathian intruders. They came to desire more power for themselves.

It was not long before the first words of dissension crept through the
catacombs on the will of whispers. The Trueborn servants congregated in
dark, musty halls away from the eyes of their masters and over time
their numbers grew along with their ambitions. Their time had come and
soon they would rise up to claim their rightful place in Mistmoore
Castle, gaining accolades from Lord Mayong Mistmoore himself for their
brilliance and bravery — or so they supposed.

Over several months, the Trueborn traitors recruited an army to their
cause. On a black night as the moon was swallowed by a thick veil over
Faydwer, they struck, killing their masters and leading their army
toward Mistmoore Castle. They slaughtered all in their path and many
masters of the Scions sect, the Trueborn’s rival blood-children of
Mayong, were destroyed that night.

The fierce wave of the lesser Trueborn rushed into the cellars of
Mistmoore Castle without detection. Unbeknownst to all but the
servants, Norrath’s adventurers had uncovered winding caves beneath the
surface that bypassed the castle’s defenses. In a matter of hours, the
castle was overrun and the servants of the Trueborn declared themselves
the true Children of Mistmoore.

Since taking control of the castle, many Children have busied
themselves repairing the damage from the battle while others continue
to seek the magical ore that was uncovered in the catacombs.

They all prepare, waiting for the day their master returns to grant
them glory.

Zone Revamps – Splitpaw (Legends)
___________________________

Farsoth Mal, son of the Ishva Mal, leader of the Verishe Mal tribe, sat
by his father’s side watching him rule his minions in Splitpaw Lair.
His father may have conquered this lair some years ago, but Farsoth
believed they should rule far more than just one underground kingdom.
He grew to despise his father for his lack of ambition and many hours
were spent in bitter arguments between the two. The Ishva Mal grew
tired and angry at the ceaseless challenges to his authority, gaining
as much contempt for his son as his son had for him.

During a particularly heated argument of growls and grisly barks, the
Ishva Mal reminded his willful son that his power was absolute and that
he shared his throne with no one. With one quick motion, the Ishva Mal
brandished his spear and sliced off his son’s paw, determined that he
would finally win the respect he deserved from his son. But the Ishva
Mal’s cruel methods would prove to be his downfall.

The Ishva Mal grew to be a greater tyrant each day, so much so that the
Verishe Mal mages and warriors secretly formed the Council of Nine to
challenge his rule. Farsoth saw the plans the Verishe Mal had in store
for his father, but did nothing to stop them and instead chose to use
them to his advantage.

Farsoth learned much from the council’s mages and became obsessed with
the summoning arts they practiced. His fascination eventually led to a
plan that would secure the throne . . . for him.

Through all he’d learned from the Verishe Mal mages, he believed he
could summon a powerful entity from the Plane of Fire itself. Farsoth
thought with such power at his side, nothing could stop him from ruling
the Splitpaw Lair and any lands he desired.

He prepared for weeks, researching and gathering the reagents he
required and finally he set to work to summon a terrible beast to bring
an end to his father’s rule.

Farsoth was distracted by his own anger, forgetting vital components as
he wove the spell and the unthinkable happened. Flames shot out of the
portal that Farsoth opened and, at the same time, rocks rained down
upon the inhabitants of the lair. Then, the portal shifted its focus
and water flooded into the corridors, extinguishing the flames and
washing away the rocks. The portal shimmered once more and waves of all
types of elementals poured into Splitpaw.

Farsoth certainly attained part of his goal. His father was killed, but
so to were most of the gnolls he wished to lead to greatness.

Now he is a prisoner to the swarms of enraged elementals that have made
Splitpaw Lair their new home.

* Denotes a change requested by the community.

- The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

——————————
December 17, 2004
——————————

We apologize for the recent issues with our attempt to ease
backflagging. Our coders and designers have worked tirelessly through
the night to come up with tonight’s update which should resolve the
backflagging solution issues. We have also identified a few other
issues and added corrections for them as well.

- Backflagging issues have been resolved.
- Raids can again enter Anguish.
- Huntress / High Priestess titles should now display correctly based
upon gender.
- An itemization issue in South Karana and Splitpaw has been corrected.
- The debuff in the Muramite Trial of Efficiency will not cast as
often.
- The mirrors in the Tower of Frozen Shadow should once again function
properly.
- The Monk AA Hastened Purification of the Body has been corrected to
be 10% of the newly reduced reuse time for Purify Body.
- Added the spell Tranquility of the Glade to the ranger’s repertoire,
which rangers can recieve by turning in a rune.
- The berserker ability Crippling Strike should now have a fixed
duration

– The EverQuest Team

……………………………………………………………

------------------------------
January 26, 2005
------------------------------

Mistmoore and SplitPaw revamps live for all servers
New and improved Lavastorm!

Item Changes
________________________ 

- Many Epic 2.0 effects have been modified. Please see the EQforums at 
Eqforums.station.sony.com for details.
- These items are now primary and secondary slot usable:
Totem of Shattered Hope 
Wand of Twisted Fate 
Infernal Staff of Fiery Fate 
Bazu Claw Hammer

- Increased the drop rates on some items from Planes of Power zones 
that were too rare.
- The ending effect (casts when the rune wears off) of the Enchanter 
1.5 and 2.0 epics has been changed so that it won't cause initial aggro 
on surrounding NPCs. It will only lower the enchanter's hate on NPCs in 
the area of effect that are already aggro on him/her.
- Mace of Grim Tidings is now No-Drop 
- Added a Globe of Discordant Energy drop to Anguish.
- Fixed the combine for the cleric epic 1.5, AA points should now be 
rewarded. People who missed their AAs can hail Tavon to receive their 
AAs, if they have spoken to Natvil already.
- Revised the various Anguish armor sets. Some pieces now have effects 
added. 
- Earring of Eternal Flame - This item now has the focus effect of 
Flame of the Lightbringer 
- Anuek Dagger of Eye Gouging - This item now has a +12% mod to 
backstab. 
- Upgraded the +damage augments from Tacvi

Spell, Discipline & AA Changes
________________________

- The skills windows will now show the modified skill of the player, 
including buffs/item mods, etc.
- Added a negative resist modifier to Crippling Strike, Stunning Kick, 
and Eye Gouge.
- Modified Hastened Purification of the Body to reduce the base time.
- The spell, Elemental Simulacrum Recourse, should no longer be removed 
when the recipient is hit in melee.
- Hide will work while levitated again.
- Tiny companion will again switch target to the pet correctly.
- An exploit with Lifeburn has been corrected.
- /stopsong, /cast, and anything starting a song other than /melody now 
clears the /melody buffer as intended.
- Bard Chants should once again generate the correct amount of hate.
- Fixed problem with the Ranger AA Guardian of the Forest where if you 
had maxed buffs this AA would not reset if it did not take.
- High level shaman pet should now automatically dual wield.
- Modified the effect slots for Hobble of Spirits so that it will stack 
with other contact innates.

Code Changes
________________________

- Players will now receive a message when they are too close for ranged 
weapons to be used when /autofire is being used.
- Ranged weapons are no longer subject to additional z-distance limit 
checks.
- Server side collision fixes have corrected various problems in 
certain areas in new zones such as the ramp entering Abysmal that was 
causing warping problems for NPCs.

Event Changes
________________________

- Players can now select a type of LDoN Adventure (Rescue, etc.) when 
requesting one from the Recruiter.
- Lowered combat regeneration of the Dragorn and Bazu forms in the 
Trial of Adaptation.
- Modified the spawn timer on the Tyrant of Nightmare in the Plane of 
Nightmare and the Decaying Lightcrawler in the Plane of Disease. Both 
should make more frequent appearances.
- Lowered spell resists significantly in all MPG Raid and Single Group 
trials.
- Fixed some oddness that happened sometimes when Memblurring Hanvar.
- The non-loot dropping version of Arch Magus Vangl will be easier than 
the loot dropping version.

Miscellaneous
________________________
- Changed the level 70 bard /who title from Performer to Harold, er, 
Herald.

-- The EverQuest Team

.....................................................................

------------------------------
February 15, 2005 
------------------------------

** Welcome to Dragons of Norrath! ** 

A series of events has transpired across the world of Norrath and the 
familiar faces of Firiona Vie and her nemesis Lanys T'Vyl return to 
find themselves at the forefront of the events. Unbeknownst to them, a 
dark influence has seeped into the world of Norrath causing new 
tensions to arise and conflicts to intensify as the dawn of a new age 
emerges. The Age of War is upon the people of Norrath and heroes return 
in this ultimate, unending battle between good and evil. 

Prepare for EverQuest: Dragons of Norrath and return to the lands 
between Halas and Lavastorm as you seek out the Nest, the ancestral 
birthplace of all dragons, long sealed away and hidden from the eyes of 
Norrath. But beware, if the Nest is exposed too early during the Brood 
Dawn, all dragons and their eggs will be cursed for eternity and death 
will storm down on all Norrathian's not in their service. 

Featuring new lands with enhanced graphics, bold new storylines, and 
updated creatures including goblins, drakes, dragons and the ominous 
Frost Giant! EverQuest: Dragons of Norrath is the next great expansion 
pack for the fantasy saga that is EverQuest. Make ready with new 
features such as the interactive world map, use your potion belt to 
access magical items quickly, and swap between weapon sets using the 
bandolier. Plus, with the all new guild hall you can easily get your 
guild ready to encounter anything that comes your way! EverQuest: 
Dragons of Norrath is bursting with new adventures and intense battles 
for players of all levels. 


** Features ** 

* Bandolier * 

To open the Bandolier window use the 'B' key. 

The bandolier will provide you with a quick and easy way to wield your 
weapons in different predefined combinations. When a weapon set is 
activated, the bandolier switches the currently equipped weapons with 
as many of the weapon set items it can find in your inventory. To add a 
bandolier, first click on the slot that you want to fill. Then click 
the add button. You can name each set. The weapon set that will be 
saved as the weapons you currently have in your inventory (primary, 
secondary, range, and ammo slots). You can make hotbuttons out of the 
weapon sets for easy, quick swapping. 

* Potion Belt * 

To open the potion belt window use 'shift P'. 

The Potion Belt allows for quick use of inventory items, such as 
potions or magical devices. To add a potion belt enabled item to the 
potion belt, simply put the item on your cursor and click in one of the 
belt slots. Then simply right click on the item to use it. Please note 
that not all clickable items are usable from the potion belt. 

* The Barter Zone * 

The entrance to the Barter Zone is in the western section of the Plane 
of Knowledge. The default in-game map has the location marked on it 
(this may not be true if have a custom map). To setup your character as 
buyer, use the /buyer command to bring up the Buyer Barter Window. When 
you'd like to sell an item quickly without heading to the bazaar, use 
the /barter command to bring up the Barter Window. Please refer to the 
context tips or the manual for more information. 

* The Guild Lobby and the Guild Hall* 

The entrance to the Guild lobby is also in the western section of the 
Plane of Knowledge. The Guild Hall entrance is at the back of the Guild 
lobby accessible by active guild members. 

Guild Lobby: 

- Looking for Guild and Looking for Guild Member tool: You can use the 
looking for guild tool or the looking for a guild member tool by 
clicking on the note boards. In the Guild Lobby use your map to find 
the note boards. 

- Corpse Summoning: Speak to a Disciple of Luclin. This Disciple can 
sell you a level appropriate soulstone. Take the soulstone to a nearby 
Priest or Priestess and they'll summon all of your existing corpses in 
Norrath directly to your feet (except those corpses that are in 
Shadowrest). Be sure you loot your corpses quickly because they won't 
be there long! 

Guild Hall: 

- Guild Portal: The guild portal is activated by speaking to the gnome 
in the Guild Hall. You will need to purchase a focus stone from him and 
then hand it back in order to focus the portal on a specific location. 
Once the portal is focused, step on the crystal platform to bring up a 
yes/no dialog box. Clicking yes should teleport you away. 

- Mana/Health regen pool: Walking into the back right room in the Guild 
Hall will cause you to regenerate health, mana, and endurance at twice 
your normal rate. You should see a text message when you enter the area 
of the pool as well as a particle effect on your character. 

- Buff Timers: Buff timers are paused while in the Guild Hall. 

- Guild Tradeskill Objects: Various tradeskill tools are located in the 
Guild Hall for easy access by guild members. 

* Missions * 

Mission givers for Dark Reign and Norrath's Keepers can now be found in 
Lavastorm. These mission givers offer quests for groups of 3 to 6 
players that take you into the Dragons of Norrath. Only a few missions 
are available at first, but as you gain faction and earn their trust, 
more missions will open up. Missions make use of a new shared task 
system that shares space with the Task window (Alt-Q). You can manage 
the players in your shared task from the new Shared Task tab in the 
Task window. 

Successful completion of a mission will reward you with crystals that 
can be redeemed at mission vendors in the two camps. Each side has 
their own crystals that they award and their mission vendors will not 
accept crystals from the opposing side. You can create stacks of 
crystals for trading to other players by clicking on the crystals 
display in the inventory window. The reclaim tab under the crystals 
display will add any crystals you have in your inventory. You can only 
spend crystals that are listed in the display, so be sure to reclaim 
before visiting a vendor. 

** Live Patch Information ** 

The EQ Mail System! 

EQ players now have the ability to send persistent messages to players 
who are not logged in! To use this new feature, take a look at the new 
icon that has been added to the window selector. This icon will change 
color when you have unread messages. It also blinks for a short period 
of time when new mail arrives. To open the mail window, click on the 
icon or use CTRL-M. Here are a few other helpful hints. 

Sending Messages - To send a message, press the "Compose" button. Enter 
the character name of the recipient in the "To" field, a subject and 
the message itself. Press the "Send" button and mail icon of the 
recipient will start blinking! Please be aware that you can currently 
only email one recipient at a time. 

Receiving Messages- If you are online, new mail is delivered to you 
immediately without delay. When you open the mail window, the number of 
unread messages is put between square brackets close to the "Inbox" 
list title. In the mail window, your messages usually appear sorted by 
date. You can click on the column header to change the sort type and 
order. You can also resize the width of a column with the mouse, just 
click and drag a column header separator. 

Viewing Messages - To view the body of a message, select it in the 
list. The message text window displays the message fields in a 
different color, followed by the text of the message. 

Managing Messages- When a message is selected you can reply to the 
sender or forward the message to another player by pressing the 
corresponding button. An appropriate default subject will be inserted 
for you and a copy of the original message is added to the mail 
composition window. 

Deleting Messages - You can also delete messages, in which case they 
will be placed in your "Deleted Items" folder. To select multiple 
messages for deletion you can use SHIFT-click and CTRL-click. The 
"Deleted Items" list is where your deleted messages go. The total 
number of messages in that list appears in the title. Two additional 
actions are available to you when managing your deleted messages: you 
can restore deleted messages using the "Undelete" button, and you can 
permanently delete all the messages by click on the "Empty Trash" 
button. 

NOTE: You can send a message to yourself. You can also send a message 
from the command line using the "[mailto" command. Syntax: [mailto If 
the subject contains whitespace, you must enclose it in double 
quotation marks. Example: [mailto LadyCandy "You are so sweet!" Dear 
LadyCandy, etc. etc. 

- The "M" key now opens the map. 

- Fixed the following Omens augmentation combines: 

Aug Inlay Titanite of Quickness 
Aug Inlay Brilliant Titanite of Quickness 
Aug Inlay Radiant Titanite of Quickness 
Aug Inlay Titanite of Pure Quickness 
Aug Inlay Brilliant Titanite of Pure Quickness 
Aug Inlay Radiant Titanite of Pure Quickness 
Aug Inlay Tourmaline of Quickness 
Aug Inlay Brilliant Tourmaline of Quickness 
Aug Inlay Radiant Tourmaline of Quickness 
Aug Inlay Tourmaline of Pure Quickness 
Aug Inlay Brilliant Tourmaline of Pure Quickness 
Aug Inlay Radiant Tourmaline of Pure Quickness 

- Modified the Hammer of the Dragonborn so that it has an instant 
casting time, but a 10 second recast. 

- Dagger of Evil Summons now has a 120 second recast time. 

- Increased the range on Blood Pact. 

- Pristine Purifying Sapphire is now no-drop. 

- Assistant Researcher's Symbol now has the focus Quickening of the 
Anuek. The Hit Points, mana and end have been adjusted to 285. Added +
20 attack, 2 hit point regeneration, 2 mana regeneration. Added +3 to 
combat effects, strikethrough, and accuracy. 

- The following Anguish armor pieces have been upgraded: 

Gladiator's Plate Sleeves of War 
Faithbringer's Armguards of Conviction 
Dawnseeker's Sleeves of the Defender 
Bladewhisper Chain Sleeves of Journey 
Duskbringer's Plate Armguards of the Hateful 
Everspring Sleeves of the Tangled Briars 
Fiercehand Sleeves of the Focused 
Farseeker's Plate Armbands of Harmony 
Whispering Armguard of Shadows 
Ritualchanter's Armguards of the Ancestors 
Blightbringer's Armband of the Grave 
Academic's Sleeves of the Arcanists 
Glyphwielder's Sleeves of the Summoner 
Mindreaver's Armguards of Coercion 
Savagesoul Sleeves of the Wild 
Wrathbringer's Chain Sleeves of the Vindicator 

- The low level quests in the new Lavastorm had their requirements 
lowered. They were previously set to high for their intended level. 

- Lowered the agro range on NPC's in Lavastorm. 

- Certain NPC's in Lavastorm will no longer assist each other. 

- The Goblin runner in Lavastorm should no longer run past the zone 
line into Nektulos Forest. 

- The Goblin Messenger in Frontier Mountains should get stuck in the 
geometry and disappear much less often now. 

- Moved the spawn location of Valorian Guardian Florik in Halls of 
Honor A to an easier to get to location. He was previously spawning in 
a location that was harder than the intended level of the quest. 

- Shifted the focus on the Bladewhisper Chain Wristband to the 
Bladewhisper Chain Boots. 

- The focus on the Paladin Epic 1.5 is no longer restricted to only 
group heals. 

- The Wand of Wintergrip can no longer be equipped in the secondary 
slot. 

- The click effect on the Beastlord and Magician epic's has had its 
duration increased to 20 minutes. 

- Kraylor Nalsiv in Plane of Knowledge no longer requires you to hand 
him your epic to receive your title. He now responds to dialogues 
instead of item turn-ins. 

- The Mirrored Mask from Anguish now has a half second cast time and an 
80 second recast. Reflective skin also now has an 18 second duration. 
This should make the mask easier to use when used correctly. 

- Fixed a bug with the Zun Muram in Txevu. Previously he was not 
dropping his signet for the alternative access to Tacvi 100% of the 
time, due to a bug. This has now been corrected. 

- Karsor the Mad returns. 


-- The EverQuest Team 

.....................................................................

------------------------------
March 3, 2005 
------------------------------

*** Bazaar & Barter Zone *** 
--------------------------------- 

We have made the Bazaar zone free for everyone. 

In addition to this, we have consolidated the Barter zone and the Bazaar 
zone into one hybrid zone, which uses the existing Bazaar zone. You will 
now be able to activate both the /buyer commands and the /trader commands 
in the Bazaar zone. In addition to this change, we have made a few other 
changes for your convenience. 

- Removed the zone line from the Bazaar to the Barter zone. 
- Added a zone-line from the Bazaar to the Plane of Knowledge. 
- The Barter zone entrance in the Plane of Knowledge will now teleport 
you to the Bazaar zone. 
- Barter search on Firiona should not filter the NODROP items that aren't 
NODROP on Firiona. 
- Right-clicking on a merchant-name in the UI will now create a find-path 
to the merchant. 
- Right-click in the Bazaar / Barter search now closes your current find 
path, and if the timer has expired, generates a new find path to the 
Buyer / Trader indicated on the line which was right-clicked. 
- The map has been updated with more information, specifically which areas 
of the zone allow you to be a /buyer and which allow you to be a /trader. 

The Barter zone is still active, so those of you who are camped out in the 
zone will be able to log in just fine, though you will want to migrate to 
the Bazaar in order to set up your buyer. Please make sure that you are not 
weighed down with coin and items before leaving the zone, or you may find 
yourself unable to move. 

*** Spell & Skill Changes *** 
--------------------------------- 

- Moved the contact abilities on spells Spirit of the Leopard and Spirit of 
the Panther to avoid a stacking conflict with the berserker epic effect. 
- Monk Return Kick and Double Riposte AAs can now be triggered on the same attack. 
- Combat abilities will now always hit creatures that require magical weapons. 
- The Berserker ability Rage of Volley has been modified so that it will hit 
magic required NPCs regardless of the axe that's equipped. 
- Increased the charges on the items summoned by Molten Orb and Lava Orb from 
3 to 10, and increased the mana cost on the spells that summon them. 
- Summoned Lava Orbs, Molten Orbs, Shadow Orbs, and Soul Orbs are now no drop 
on the Firiona Vie server. 
- The recourse effect of the shadow knight epic 1.5 and 2.0 effects should now go 
to the short duration buff box. 
- The monk 1.5 and 2.0 effects will now heal for approximately as many hit points 
as the buff adds to your maximum hit points. 

*** Item changes *** 
--------------------------------- 
- The following items have been made No-Drop: 


Potted Dark Lady 
Ancient Tooth of Archanalia 
Scrap of Dark Cloth 
Deformed Dragon Embryo 
Silvery Dragon Scale Fragments 
Golden Dragon Scale Fragments 
Metallic Dragon Shell Fragments 
Ruined Dragon egg 
Desiccated Drake Corpse 
Shattered Draconic Symbol 
Dark Dragon Scale 
Cracked Lavaspinner Egg 
Fragments of Zebeker's Bone Chips 
Black Wing Drake Talons 
Egg of a Saved Clutch 
Frothing Drake Blood 
Mottled Goblin Meat 
Lavaspinner's Silk 

- The crystals used as points for Norrath's Keepers and Dark Reign are once 
again tradeable on all servers. 
- Hammer of Delusions effect has been changed to Euphoria. 
- Shadow Orb can now be in a stack of 5. 
- Chests in Skyfire for the Veeshan's Peak access quests should now be available 
for 30 minutes after being dropped by the defeated NPC. 
- Harbinger Spire Blueprints now drop more often. 
- Stone of Marking will no longer be used if a player can not bind in that area. 

*** Quests, Missions & Events *** 
--------------------------------- 
- Added a quest to Corrigan Hawthorne in the Bazaar to award PvP points for 
legacy Sullon Zek insignias. 
- Decreased difficulty of the Megalodon encounter in Lake Rathe. 
- NPCs will now offer you missions based on your average group level rather than 
the level of the player requesting the mission. 
- Added a fix for the problem of a player in the process of zoning when the 
mission is completed not being given the reward; when finished zoning he will 
then receive the reward. 
- We've changed the way that corpse lock works when an NPC is killed by someone 
in a shared task. You should no longer see corpses locked to a shared task when 
you are killing NPCs not related to a shared task. 

*** Tradeskills *** 
--------------------------------- 
- The trivial values of many tradeskill recipes have been modified, please make 
sure to check your recipe lists. 
- The Dragons of Norrath Tradeskill Quest NPC's will now accurately recognize 
your ability to wear the armor they're helping you craft. 

*** Email *** 
--------------------------------- 
- We will now be using the mail system to send players notifications. The first 
use of this is with the messages you get when you reach certain levels. 
- Mail composition window gives focus to the first empty field (To, Subject, Msg, 
in that order). 
- The delete action now reselects the position of the first item in the deleted 
selection. Same for undelete. 
- Players may now map a key to toggle the display of the mail window. 

*** Guild Hall *** 
--------------------------------- 
- You can now assign guild banker status even if the guild member is not online. 
- The merchant music will stop when you close the guild bank window now. 
- Guild bank lists are now sortable (note that the permissions field sorts by 
permission type from most public to least public and vice versa, not alphabetically) 
- If you logged out in the guild hall, it will no longer send you to last your 
adventure/expedition zone in point. 

*** Miscellaneous *** 
--------------------------------- 
- Guild masters will once again allow to you get started with your training in 
Research, Alchemy, Poison Making, and Tinkering. 
- Hastening of the Aneuk had a typo in the name. Anuek has been changed to Aneuk. 
- The boats in East Cabilis should look like boats again. 
- The Bandolier and Potion Belt window shortcuts/binding will now save properly. 
- The map window will properly tint the map area again on the map tab. 
- We've made significant changes to the fog and rain settings in all original 
EverQuest zones. Visibility should be greatly improved in many of these zones 
and rain will generally be more infrequent. Seasonal changes from rain to snow 
have also been incorporated into these zones as appropriate. In addition, we've 
increased the visibility in all zones when it is raining or snowing. 
- Added a new command, /tasktimers, which will display a list of shared tasks 
and how long you must wait before you can undertake that shared task again. This 
will be incorporated into the task window in the near future but we wanted to make 
the functionality available to players as soon as possible. 
- Fixed the bug where players would appear with someone else's pet after zoning. 
- Fixed an issue where a Link Dead player is killed, the killer will no longer be 
able to loot an item. 
- Zek players will now be able to begin the process of selecting a new server to 
have all characters on their account moved to. 

Those Zek players who have already executed the /movelog command will be moved to 
the server they chose, unless that server was Solusek Ro or Kane Bayle. Zek players 
who chose either of these servers will need to execute the command again, choosing 
a new server. 

If you have changed your mind as to which server you would like to move to, the 
/movelog UI (after Thursdays update) will have a disregard button. Using the 
disregard button will cancel any pending movelog requests and allow you to execute 
a new movelog request. 

We will begin processing the movelog requests on Friday night (March 4th) and 
will continue nightly for a period of 30 days. Any accounts that have executed 
the movelog request will need to make certain they have no corpses in the world. 
If you have a shared bank already in use on your destination server, you will need 
to empty either shared bank out as only one will be available after the movelog 
is complete. 

-- The EverQuest Team 

.....................................................................

------------------------------
March 16, 2005 
------------------------------

EverQuest's 6th Anniversary 
-------------------------------------- 
To help celebrate the 6th Anniversary of EverQuest, a fresh scavenger hunt has been 
added. Check in Firiona Vie, Overthere, or Dreadlands for more on this quest. Finish 
this challenging hunt and you will receive a potion that doubles your experience for 
30 minutes and comes with 10 charges. 

Your old friends, the Fabled NPCs have returned to Norrath and bring the fabled versions 
of their items with them. Look for new Fabled NPCs in your favorite Kunark zones. 


General 
-------------------------------------- 
- Increased the spell rune drop rates for Greater Muramite Runes and Glowing 
Muramite Runes in Muramite Proving Grounds and Riftseeker's Sanctum. 
- Reduced the number of mobs that will summon in Veksar. 
- Volkara in the Volkara's bite mission has been made a little more challenging. 
- The fight against Vishimtar has been made more challenging. 
- The Citrine Spell Stone has been renamed to Citrine Spell Bauble. 
- Level 20, 40 and 60 Tradeskill Pattern Book Quests for Wood Elves, Kelethin Half-Elves, 
Dwarves, High Elves and Gnomes have been altered slightly to make them a bit friendlier 
to complete. 
- The encounter with Grinbik in Bloodfields for the Ranger epic has been made a bit 
less confusing. 
- "A shady Highpass citizen" in Highpass will look kindly on you and spread the word 
on your increased friendship if you complete his tasks. 
- Several missions have been tuned to bring their completion time on par with the 
other DoN missions: 
Diving for Lavarocks 
Dragon Eggs 
Diseased Pumas 
- When the task "Keeping the Goblins Out" has been finished you should now get the 
completion text. 

Items 
-------------------------------------- 
- The Icefloe Hammer is no longer a 1 handed piercing weapon, it is now 1 handed 
blunt and the bonus to backstab has been removed. 
- The Lance of Engulfing Flame now has a proc instead of a worn spell. 
- The Robe of Transcendent Thought has been changed to Drape of Transcendent Thought. 
- Various Anguish class leg pieces have been altered. 
- Academic's Pants of the Arcanists now has the focus effect "Frost of Anguish". 
- The mana preservation focus on several Tacvi chest pieces has been increased slightly. 


-- The EverQuest Team 

.....................................................................

------------------------------
March 17, 2005 
------------------------------

*** Missions ***
---------------------------------- 

- Added the ability to see invisible to some of the NPCs in The Nest instances. 
- Set some of the boss NPCs in Dragons of Norrath missions to summon. Being kited 
was making them sad. 
- Removed a bug in the Rivals mission in The Nest that allowed groups to complete 
the mission more than once without speaking to the quest-giver again. 

*** Tradeskills ***
----------------------------------
- Added some missing Troll cultural items to vendors in Neriak. 
- Added a book to outline the creation of the new cultural sewing kits. 
- All of the new cultural sewing kits can now be traded in to Caerlyna in the Bazaar 
for tokens. 
- Meeka Diggs in Rivervale no longer sells Iron Thread and should now sell the three 
sizes of Mercurium Thread. 
- Changed the text on Culturally Inspired Armor - part 3 to accurately reflect the 
pelts used for Half Elven cultural tailored armors. 
- There was a new "Chunk of Ice" created for the Dragons of Norrath expansion. This 
new "Chunk of Ice" has been removed and replaced with the old "Chunk of Ice" on the 
forage tables for all Dragons of Norrath zones. They should also now drop off some 
of the colder dervishes. All of the new Dragons of Norrath drink recipes that used 
"Chunk of Ice" (Curdled Cream, Iced Coffee, Iced Tea and Iced Mountain Tea) now use 
the old "Chunk of Ice".
- Fixed a bug with the recipe for creating Barbarian cultural leather swatches. The 
recipes were mistakenly using the "Norrathian Needle" instead of the "Northman Needle".
- Fixed a bug in the recipe for creating the Dragons of Norrath cultural armor patterns 
that could allow a player to recover their ruined book with a successful salvage. Sorry, 
that was unintentional. 
- Removed the Erudite Sewing Kit from vendors. The new kit is created by players and 
should replace the old kit. 
- Fixed the Feir'Dal Fletching Kit. Really, we did. 
- Fixed the Surefall Fletching Kit. (This was actually fixed with the last update). 
- Fixed the Reinforced Jeweler's Kit. (This was actually fixed with the last update). 
- Changed the Dragons of Norrath cultural recipes that used "Quill" to now use "A Quill" 
(used in research recipes). "A Quill" is also now sold on the appropriate vendors. (This 
was actually changed with the last update). 

*** Ranger Epic ***
----------------------------------
- Modified the encounter with Grinbik in Bloodfields for the Ranger epic slightly. Previously 
he could respond with the phrase "I wish to speak with the one that freed me." when he was 
not actually free (for example, if the Marshal was still alive). Now he will not give that 
response until he has actually been freed. Hopefully this will remove some confusion from 
the event. 
- A Ranger at the proper stage of the quest will now only trigger the Herrian Warfrost 
encounter if he or she goes down the corridor near where he hangs out and is at the proper 
stage of the quest with the necessary item on them. (This change actually went in with our 
last update). 

*** Fabled Item Changes ***
----------------------------------
- The Fabled Mrylokar's Bracer has been made lore. 
- Several Fabled NPC's have had their difficulty modified. 
- The Fabled Glowing Kunzar Amulet will now be equippable in the neck slot. 
- The Fabled Incarnadine Breastplate has had Iksar added to the race-usability list. 
- Several Fabled Items have been returned to their previously tradable status on the 
Firiona Vie server. 
- The following items have had their stats modified: 

Fabled Jaundiced Bone Greaves
Fabled Insignia Protector
Bracelet of the Corrupter
Wristband of Spectral Corruption
Bracer of Corrupted Souls
Bracer of the Debauched 

- The following items have had recommended levels added to them: 

Fabled Necklace of Superiority
Fabled Rod of Mourning

.....................................................................

------------------------------
April 12, 2005 
------------------------------

*** Headlines *** 
------------------------------------ 
- A new button has been added to character select: Return Home. If a character 
has not been played in the past 6 hours, this button is enabled and pressing it 
will log the character into the game in their starting city. 
- If a character is logged out for more than an hour, full health, mana, and endurance 
will be granted upon logging in. This is still a bit under development. You may not be 
quite at 100% but very close. 
- Re-envisioning has begun! 
- Over 600 Spell modifications. 
- New zone art for the character select screen and character creation. Crossing the 
bridge while in Explore mode will allow you to enter the world. Note that all characters 
are in the same area now. There are no longer class specific areas. 
- New Hot Spots!* 
The Warrens 
Netherbian Lair 
Echo Caverns 
The Scarlet Desert 
The Tower of Frozen Shadow 
The Hole 
The Grey 
Howling Stones 
The Halls of Betrayal (Chardok B) 
- There are 2 new keyboard shortcuts in the Command section in the Options menu, Open 
Inventory Bags and Close Inventory Bags. Setting these, then using them will open/close 
all your general inventory slot bags (bag1-bag8). 
- Added a teleportation stone to Arena in Plane of Knowledge.* 


*** Re-envisioning Specifics *** 
------------------------------------ 
- Many modifications have been made to the cast times, recast times, mana costs, and 
damage potential of many single target direct damage spells. The largest changes have 
been in level 1-50 spells, but many 50+ spells have been adjusted as well. These changes 
have caused the damage-per-second potential and/or the damage-per-mana values of these 
spells to be increased and should benefit the classes who use these spells in nearly 
all cases. Note that this also includes special purpose spells such as undead and 
summoned direct damage spells. Please check the in game descriptions for specific 
changes.* 
- The 750 cap on mana increase spells has been removed.* 
- The hard-coded level 52 NPC cap on Fear spells has been removed. We will be adding 
new fear spells in the near future which will allow players to fear higher level NPCs.* 
- Assassin’s Feint will now work on NPCs level 60 and higher.* 
- Spells with poison counters no longer have innate agro added. The spells themselves 
still generate aggro based on their other properities, but you will see a reduction 
in the amount of aggro generated in many cases.* 
- NPC’s innate 20% resistance against rain spells has been removed.* 
- You will now receive messages in your chat window when you are healed by any 
heal-over-time spell. This includes both short term HOT spells as well as long term 
regen spells. You will receive the message if the spell actually gave you health back, 
so will not receive messages when at full health. These messages can be turned off 
through a new filter in the options window.* 
- Ranger, Beastlord, and Paladin heals have been upgraded. See the spell descriptions 
in game for details.* 
- The AC cap and percentage return on AC over the cap for monks has been increased.* 
- Increased the knock back effect on the Warrior AA Press the Attack. 
- Theft of Thought will no longer return only partial mana from NPCs over level 52. 
In addition, the spell was changed so that it will only return as much mana as the NPC 
has if that is less than the amount that the spell is trying to steal. So it will 
steal 400 mana from an NPC that has 1000 mana, but it will only steal 100 mana from 
a NPC that has 100 mana.* 


*** Spells, Skills & AAs *** 
------------------------------------ 
- Increased the effectiveness and decreased the casting time of the Ranger AA 
Auspice of the Hunter.* 
- Increased the amount of damage absorbed by the Bard AA Shield of Notes.* 
- Increased the damage done while using the Bard AA Dance of Blades.* 
- Added a negative resistance mod to the Shaman AA Virulent Paralysis so it is 
more likely to land on NPCs now.* 
- Modified the proc chance on spell Lightning Channeling and Storm Channeling. 
Both of these spells now have an increased proc chance. 
- Sound of Divinity and Sound of Might will now use their own separate shared spell 
timer. 
- The spell enhanced learning can no longer have its duration increased by Alternate 
advancement skills and/or focus effects. 
- Flames of the Valiant and Flames of Redemption should now proc more often and be 
resisted much less often. 
- Protection of the Wild should no longer be overwritten by Strength of the Hunter.* 
- Spirit of the Panther and Spirit of the Leopard have been modified. NPCs were 
able to trigger the effects of these spells at a much higher rate then players. 
The rate of NPCs triggering these effects has been lowered to match PCs. Additionally, 
the base damage of the effect has been lowered, and the spell will now only land on 
PCs and pets that are a part of your group. 
- Removed the focus effect limiters from Persuasive Gaze, the focus effect found on 
the enchanter epic 1.5. It now works on any detrimental spells up to level 70 the 
same way the focus effect on the enchanter epic 2.0 does.* 
- Fixed a problem with focus effects that reduce hate. It was not using the highest 
effect if more than one focus effect was worn. 
- Dragon Fang and Leopard Claw will now generate less hate. 


*** Items *** 
------------------------------------ 
- Items that have a combat or clickable spell effect that was changed due to the spell 
changes in this patch have either had their proc rate adjusted to compensate or use a 
new spell to maintain their damage potential. 
- The Anguish chest pieces now have additional worn mods and a new spell focus effect. 
- The Anguish wrist pieces now have additional worn mods. 
- Mirrored Mask will no longer conflict with other recast timer based items such as the 
Soul Orb. 
- Hammer of Rancorous Thoughts is now a 39/25 weapon with a 225pt proc. 
- Dragonkiller is now a 34 (+2 magic)/21 weapon. 
- Mace of Grim Tidings is a 32/22 weapon. 
- Broken Mandible of the Broodqueen is now a 12/18 weapon and has a +5% mod to backstab. 
- Fang of Kessdona now has +12% mod to backstab. 
- Crescent Palemoon now has the focus Aneuk Glare. It also has +15 avoid, +4 spell 
rune and +4 regen. 
- Aegis of the Amber Moon now has +3 shielding, +4 dot rune, +6 regen. 
- Bladewhisper Chain Gloves of Journeys now has Cleave V as the worn effect. 
- Bladewhisper Chain Legguards of Journeys now has the focus of Alacrity of the Ikaav. 
- Summoned: Burning Shank should proc more often. 
- Eye of Yar`Lir is now called “Oculus of Yar`Lir”. 
- Bracelet of the Corrupter now has +2 mana regen. 
- Wristband of Spectral Corruption now has +2 mana regen and +20 attack. 
- Bracer of Corrupted Souls now has +2 mana regen and +20 attack. 
- Bracer of the Debauched now has +2 mana regen and +20 attack. 


*** Missions, Quests & Events *** 
------------------------------------ 
- Added the following new Dragons of Norrath missions 
House of the Autumn Rose (Norrath's Keepers Only) 
Plunder the Hoard (Dark Reign Only) 
A Goblin's Escort 
Halfling's Treasure Map 
Signal Fires 
Sudden Tremors 
These will show up on the usual mission givers once you have enough faction. 
- Modified the shards awarded for many of the Dragons of Norrath missions to better 
reflect how long they are taking to complete. 
- Changed the adventure “The Gilded Scroll” to fix some situations that could cause 
players to be unable to finish the mission. Now the Noble Kirin Scholar will not 
spawn before the real scroll is found. We also fixed a problem that could, in very 
rare cases, cause the real scroll not to be placed on an NPC. 
- The corrupted drake adds in the Vishimtar encounter will now respawn correctly 
after a failure. 
- Made a change to Burning Woods that should reduce the number of NPCs that get 
stuck under the world . This should make the hornets easier to find. 
- Increased the drop rate for the Collector's Fire Hornet Wing and Collector's Iksar 
Witch Doll. 
- We've extended the 6th anniversary scavenger hunt so that it will be available 
through Sunday, the 17th. 
- Changes were made to all Muramite Proving Ground trials. The major changes are: 
Adaptation is slightly easier, the trial of Ingenuity was significantly changed, 
and NPC resists in all single group trials were lowered. 
- Corrected a problem that was causing some NPCs in the Muramite Proving Grounds to 
show up in the wrong part of the zone. 
- In the Citadel of Anguish it's no longer possible to fight Arch Mage Vangl without 
completing the Keldovan, Jelvan, and Hanvar events first. 
- The Warden Hanvar encounter has been made more challenging; you may wish to bring 
some extra allies with you. 
- Beware, if you are too close to a wall the swarm adds in the Mata Muram encounter 
will spawn directly on top of you. 
- Increased the drop rate for the Tongue of the Zun’muram off Zun’Murum Tkarish Zyk 
in Txevu. 
- Changed the quest that gives alternative access to Txevu. When you hail the golem 
at the end of Inktu`ta it will check your items and flags and do the following: 
If you do not yet have a Qvic flag, the golem will give you the Splinter of the High 
Temple. 
If you do have a Qvic flag, the golem will give you whichever High Temple pieces you 
are missing. 
If you already have a Txevu flag, the Cipher of Txevu item, or all three fragments of 
the High Temple, the golem will ignore you. 
Likewise, when you complete the Qvic backflag, if you have the Splinter of the High 
Temple from completing Inktu`ta you will automatically receive whichever High Temple 
pieces you are missing. 
This change allows the combination of Inktu`ta and the Qvic backflag quest to count 
for Txevu access and the two can be completed in any order. This change is not retroactive. 
- A bug was fixed so that Alkron Wyrmsong will no longer give bards a cloth cap when 
an error is made during the quest for Epic 2.0 


*** NPCs *** 
------------------------------------ 
- Modified King Xorbb in Beholder. He will now drop Slime Crystal Staff 100% of the time. 
- Players can no longer attempt to give stacks of items to NPCs. The NPC would treat the 
stack as one item and you would lose the rest. There is now a check to help with people 
putting in a stack of items and losing them. 
- Items given to an NPC by a PC will no longer count as a Task item when looted. 
- NPC pathing code has been reviewed and some changes have been made which should 
prevent NPCs from becoming stuck and eventually becoming invisible. Please let us know 
if you see this happen any more. 
- The Cube Fragments in the Gates of Discord Sewer trials will no longer get stuck in 
the geometry. 
- The Soulbinder at the Firiona Vie outpost is now able to bind you to that area. 

*** Tradeskills *** 
------------------------------------ 
We have changed the chance to gain a skill up when using tradeskills. Previously there 
was a large increase in the average number of combines needed for a skill increase for 
skill values of 160 through 190. This made sense when 200 was the skill cap. We have 
changed the algorithm to remove the harsh spike in combines required for skill ups 
from 160 to 190, making it a more reasonable to increase all the way up to 300. For 
more details please see the post here: 
http://eqforums.station.sony.com/eq/board/message?board.id=Trade&message.id=5800 
- Alabaster Beak and Ivory Stormrider Canine are now marked as usable in tradeskills. 
- Dragons of Norrath brewing items now drop off NPCs. They were only available through 
foraging before. 
- Added the race name to the Unfired Cookie Cutters. New item names are: Unfired 
Barbarian Cookie Cutter, Unfired Gnome Cookie Cutter, Unfired Troll Cookie Cutter 
and Unfired Animal Cookie Cutter. 
- Added the recipes for four cookie cutters for Luclin beasties. The sketches and 
molds should be easily found on vendors. 
- Added the appropriate effects to Dragons of Norrath potions. 
- The recipe for dough made from Rock Hopper Egg now uses Rockhopper Egg. It turns 
out that there were two items with similar names, but the one used in the recipe 
doesn't drop in game. 
- Removed the recipe for chain jointing that was used in Planes of Power armor. This 
recipe was removed because the jointing is no longer used in any recipes. 
- You will now only need to collect half the number of items for the level 65+ Vah 
Shir racial armor pattern book quest. 


*** Server stability *** 
------------------------------------ 
- We believe we have corrected the problem with the excessive server lag that has 
been happening in most raid zones. A guild from one of our live servers was willing 
to come over to our test server and verify the raid in pofire was working properly 
without causing the zone to lag out. They were able to complete many of the stages
of the raid successfully and even multiple times without issue. There was one instance 
of a mob warping after getting in a bad location, but we have made vast improvements 
from its current state. We have also improved our logging code to better detect similar 
problems should they occur again in the future. Please let us know if you experience 
any problems related to this. 
- The memory leak problems that have recently been affecting the world servers has had 
much progress. Several memory leaks related to the previous update have been corrected, 
and server stability has improved measurably as a result. We will continue to monitor 
the servers closely for memory leak issues. 
- A zone crash in Chardokb related to the Korucust encounter has been fixed. 
- A zone crash related to guild tribute being toggled while a player was being charmed 
or feared has been fixed. 


*** Chat filtering *** 
------------------------------------ 
- Pet responses to commands (except for /pet leader) are no longer broadcast, but go 
only to the owner of the pet.* 
- Pet responses to commands can now have a selected color and be redirected to any chat 
window.* 
- Pet spell-casting messages can now have a selected color, be redirected to any chat 
window, and be filtered to not show at all.* 
- Assassinate, Deadly Strike, Slay Undead, and Finishing Blow messages will now be 
displayed in the Melee Critical message color and redirect/filter as other crits.* 


*** Mail System *** 
------------------------------------ 
- You now have quick access to all of your character mailboxes on the current server 
from any of your characters. 


*** Title Suffixes *** 
------------------------------------ 
- The title system now supports title suffixes. The first use of this new feature are 
the server titles. 


*** Guild Hall (Guilds) *** 
------------------------------------ 
- Added a guild tribute master to the guild hall. 
- The guild bank no longer accepts NORENT items. 
- Fixed a bug that allowed players with out the proper flags to remove items from the 
Guild bank. 
- Using any Eye of Zomm type spells in a guild hall will no longer take the client to 
server select. 


*** Bazaar/Barter *** 
------------------------------------ 
- Added and Augment pool and Augment Solvent Merchant in the Bazaar. 
- Added new search criteria to the Bazaar search: min level, max level. Any items 
which match all other search criteria, yet have a rec or req level outside the boundaries 
set in the new fields will not be returned by the search. 
- The barter UI code has been improved. There were some issues related to keeping the 
client properly synchronized with the server which have been fixed. It now more 
accurately tracks changes in inventory when multiple players are interacting with a 
buyer. Also, if a buyer has a LORE item, any buy-lines that require the LORE item will 
now automatically disable because the buyer would not be able to complete the 
transaction (because it would result in two lore items on the buyer). Previously 
this was causing a client-server sync issue that would result in a player being 
disconnected. 
- Barter Search Window: Right-clicking on the item sought by Buyers found in a search 
will display that item. You now have to right click on the Buyer's name to get the 
search path. 


*** UI *** 
------------------------------------ 
- Fixed an issue causing custom UIs to show bad data in unused buff slots. 
- The Task display now properly displays tasks with a large number of elements. 
- On character select, if you want to go back into the tutorial, just click the 
tutorial button below the list of characters. It is no longer a toggle button. 


*** Miscellaneous *** 
------------------------------------ 
- Increased the maximum level range spread for LDoN adventures from 7 to 10 so 
you can now group with someone 10 levels above or below you. 
- Critical heals now produce a message similar to other spells that crit. 
- Fixed corpse looting bugs for corpses that have been summoned or moved out of 
dynamic zones. 
- Closing multiple bags while using the bank no longer causes the client to crash. 
- The raid locking system had various bugs which are now fixed. Please let us know 
if you encounter any problems with the raid tool. 


* Denotes a community request. 


-- The EverQuest Team

.....................................................................

------------------------------
April 20, 2005 
------------------------------

*** Events *** 
---------------------------------- 

* The Girplan Guardian encounter in the wizard epic had its difficulty lowered 
to bring it more in line with other epic 1.5 fights. 
* Rumors have been spread that the Ring of Scale have started to investigate the 
new vampires of Mistmoore(RoS faction quest is in). 
* Eryke Stremstin for the monk epic in the bazaar should no longer fall under 
the world. 

*** Items *** 
---------------------------------- 

* Changed the name of the Basilisk Tooth to be Great Reptile Tooth. 
* Changed the name of Racnar Hide to Great Reptile Hide. 
* Great Reptile Teeth can now drop off crocs in Plane of Earth and Plane of Nightmare. 
* Great Reptile Hides can now drop off raptors in Cazic Thule. 
* Pile of Gravel can now drop off Gargoyles in Plane of Nightmare and the Hole. 
* Tribute values on certain Kunark chest and legpieces has been decreased . 
* Horn of Doomcalling now has +2 mana regen. 
* Supple Crimson Choker now has a +2 mana regen. 
* Clawhammer is now a 70 damage, 32 delay weapon. 
* Many items with over 160hp in DoN raids and small events were incorrectly marked 
with type 4/7 augmentation slots. These now have type 8 augmentation slots. 
* Shed Ikaav Skin drop rate/locations adjusted to include Ikaavs in the Ruined City 
of Dranik. 
* Mindreaver's Shoes of Coercion now has the focus of Alacrity of the Aneuk. 
* Earring of Dragonkin is now called "Earring of Wurmkin". 
* Mask of Forbidden Rites is now flagged all/all. 

*** Item Spells *** 
---------------------------------- 

* Deafening Strike now increases the duration of Fellstrike Discipline. 
* Ture's Anger now increases the duration of Blind Rage Discipline. 

*** Spells *** 
---------------------------------- 

* Lowered the duration of many fear spells cast by NPCs. 
* Reduced the number of NPCs who cast fear throughout the game. 
* Changed all PC pets over level 52 so they are once again immune to fear. 
* Several spells were not set to the correct proc values in the previous update 
to compensate for the change in pet base proc rates. The following spells have had 
their proc rates adjusted to be the same as they were before the previous patch: 

Might of the Wild Spirits 
Savage Wildcaller's Blessing 
Hobble of Spirits 
Primal Fusion 
Elemental Conjunction 

* Corrected the hate generated by the enchanter spell Howl of Tashan and the monk 
ability Dragon Fang. 

*** Miscellaneous *** 
---------------------------------- 

* Added level up text for all levels between 11 and 70. 
* A bug affecting skilling up in combat skills at all levels and tradeskills at low 
levels has been fixed. Skilling up at these levels should be back to normal. 

-- The EverQuest Team 

.....................................................................

------------------------------
May 11, 2005 
------------------------------

*** Headlines *** 

-Many quests in city zones that give XP as a reward now give significantly more. 
-Four new missions are available that take you back to Qeynos, Unrest, Befallen, 
and Hate's Fury. 
-Veteran's Rewards will be available on May 13th. You can find out more details about 
these rewards here. 
-The required levels on many spells level 50 and below have been changed so that all 
casting classes will now receive at least 1 new spell every level. 
-Great new functionality has been added to the mail system. Some of the major features 
are listed below, but also check the bottom of the patch message for details. 
-Multiple recipients, including a dynamically generated guild mailing list. 
-EverQuest mail forwarding. You can now have your EverQuest mail forwarded to the e-mail 
address registered with the station account of the character you are playing. NOTE: you 
cannot reply to the forwarded mail. 
-New Address Book. You can now setup mailing lists on your client and store your friend's 
addresses in your address book. 

*** Spells & Skills *** 

-Players who only have the first two ranks of the Spell Casting Fury AAs will now do double 
damage on a successful spell crit, the same as if they had the third rank. 
-Players who only have the first two ranks of the Ingenuity AA will now do double damage 
on a successful spell crit, the same as if they had the third rank. 
-DoT spells for nearly all classes have been adjusted to scale better as players gain 
levels. Additionally, most of these spells have had their casting time significantly 
reduced. A number of additional changes have been made. Please see in game descriptions 
for updated information. 
-Pet heals are now generally more efficient, have shorter cast times, and will remove 
poison and curse effects in addition to disease effects. 
-Frost Guard now has a 1 hour duration. 
-Rangers now gain the ability to triple attack starting at level 60. 
-Berserker's Frenzy skill now has a minimum damage cap starting at level 51. 
-The return on AC over the cap has been increased for monks, paladin, and shadowknights 
of level 50 and higher. 
-Based on player feedback, we have removed the notification to the caster that occurred 
whenever a heal-over-time spell made an exceptional heal and added new functionality to 
let the caster know when their spell has worn off. 
-All caster, priest, and hybrid classes now learn Meditation at level 1. 
-All priest and hybrid classes now learn Channeling at level 1. 
-All detrimental spells that have a duration will now notify their caster when they wear 
off. 
-All hybrid classes now learn Abjuration, Alteration, Conjuration, Divination, and 
Evocation at level 1. 
-All buffs that last at least 24 seconds and do not go to the short buff window will 
now notify their caster when they wear off. 
-Share Wolf Form will no longer have its buff timer decremented in the Guild Hall. 
-Shield of Notes and Dance of Blades will now properly reset if they fail to take hold. 
-Lich Sting and Reaper Strike now grant a buff to the group as well as the Shadow Knight 
triggering the effect. The benefit for the Shadow Knight will be significantly larger 
then the benefit to the rest of the group. 
-Kessadona's Flash of Insight is now known as Kessadona's Roar and has been changed to be a 
direct damage cold based spell. 

*** Items *** 

-Seal: Mastery of All is now no-drop on the Firiona Vie server. 
-A Gem-Etched Key was dropping off of common crocodiles in Plane of Earth. This erroneous 
drop has been removed. 
-The Rod of Shaded Wrath has been slightly upgraded. 
-Many items with over 165 hps were given type 8 slots instead of type 7 slots. 
-The Tainted Heartstone and Charm of Exotic Speech will now properly give full stats when 
all uncommon languages are mastered. 
-All flowers of functionality are now inventory clickable. 
-All armor and weaponry on the Dragons of Norrath vendors now have an additional type 
9 augmentation slot. 
-New type 9 augments can now be found on the Dragons of Norrath vendors. 
-Some additional weapons on the Dragons of Norrath vendors are now rogue usable. 
-Blightbringer's Pants of the Grave now has the focus effect Venom of Anguish. 
-Improved the damage/delay ratio of some of the weapons on the Dragons of Norrath vendors. 
-Beaded Hoop of Demise now has +10 combat effects and +5 strikethrough. 
-Chains of Anguish now has the focus effect Avariciousness of the Ikaav. 
-Shroud of the Surging Storm now has the focus effect Avariciousness of the Ikaav. 
-Ring of Deterrence now has the focus effect Avariciousness of the Ikaav. 

*** Quests & Events *** 

-When Brevik Kalaner combines the high temple pieces to form the Cipher of Txevu, the 
player will now also receive Qvic access if they do not already have it. 
-When zoning into Kod`taz, if a player has the Inktu`ta high temple piece as well as Qvic 
access, they will now receive any other high temple pieces they may be missing. 
-Removed the large particle effects from King Gelaqua's room in Riftseekers. This should 
help with reported visual lag issues in that area. 
-Fixed a spawn issue in Firiona Vie involving Hero Goxnok and a Drachnid spy. 
-Guttertusk the Cruel has been spotted wandering the city of Dranik. 
-Raids in Gates of Discord dynamic zones now require a minimum of 12 people to start. 
-Corrected a problem that was causing the Kunark dragons to not drop their spells or, in 
the case of Trakanon, his teeth. 
-Vyril Nightfire in Mistmoore is seeking adventurers to help destroy the new inhabitants 
of the castle. 

*** Tradeskills *** 

-Added a new alchemy recipe to create Essence of Froglok. It can be made in much the same 
way as the other essences. 

*** Missions *** 

-We have made improvements to how mission rewards are given in situations where the mission 
was completed while a member was zoning, charmed, feared, or dead. 
-Your mission token or any item you receive at the completion of your mission will now 
automatically go into an open slot in your inventory. You will not see it on your cursor 
anymore. If your inventory is full then the token or item will be attached to your cursor 
the next time you zone. 
-Savil Tranquilsong has made an important breakthrough in his work uncovering the history 
of Unrest and is looking for adventurers around levels 55 to 70 to assist him. Seek him 
out in the Butcherblock Mountains if you are interested in helping. 
-Rumors have been circulating of increased activity around Hate's Fury and a growing discontent 
among the merchants of the Broken Skull Clan. A merchant in the Crypt of Nadox is looking 
to hire a few hearty souls around levels 55 to 70 to help keep the Clan in check. 
-Guard Freklin in Qeynos Hills has gotten himself into hot water after being caught sleeping 
on the job and is now stuck on gnoll watch. He is looking for adventurers around levels 15 
to 35 to help him get back into the good graces of the guard. 
-The ancient necromancer Marnek Jaull has returned to the dark halls of Befallen and 
kidnapped the daughter of a paladin of Prexus for use in his evil rituals. Derin Mausrel, 
uncle of the kidnapped girl, has traveled to West Commons in search of adventurers around 
levels 30 to 40 to help him rescue his niece and destroy the necromancer once and for all. 

*** User Interface *** 

-There is a completely new interface for the chat filter. 
-The Bandolier "auto swap" will now maintain its state through relog. 
-There is a new Merchant Interface window. Items are now displayed in more intuitive list. 

*** Miscellaneous *** 

-Added Label EQType 134 - Currently Casting spell. Added it to Casting window. 
-Bug fix for entering the game by walking through the arch in explorer mode of character 
selection. If you were logged out in an instanced zone, you will not see multiple of each 
character if that zone was not up. 
-For servers that have movelog command enabled, players will now see what servers have 
their current name in use already. - We have changed the text description of certain flags 
on the item inspection window. NO DROP is now NO TRADE and NO RENT is now TEMPORARY. 
-Names above players/NPCs should now be visible at twice the distance they were before. 

*** E-Mail Features *** 

Audio and text notifications of new mail. 

Mail Window 
-New Options and Address Book buttons. 
-The Options button brings up the options window (with the Mail tab selected). 
-The Address Book button brings up the address book window. 
-New "Reply All" button. 
-New "TO" field visible in the view pane (where you read your email). It shows all recipients, 
except those that are BCC. 

Mail Composition Window 
-New "From" field that shows you who you are when sending an email.(Useful now that you can 
quickly switch between the mailboxes of your different characters on the current server). 
-You can now send to multiple recipients at once, by separating them with comas. You can also 
use an address book entry name. 
-When pressing "Reply All" from the Mail Window, the lists found to match exactly (both name 
and addresses) with an entry in your address book are compacted to the name only, other 
entries are written in full. 
-The Sync button is there to synchronize your TO field with your address book. This is mainly 
useful when replying to all: it helps you add new entries to your address book or update old 
ones. In the latter case, you will be notified of the differences: name differs by case, 
addresses removed, addresses added. The note field is preserved during the update. 

Address Book Window 
-New window to edit your address book. 
-Fields for name, addresses and note. 
-Checkbox to make the entry name private, which means that during address expansion, the addresses 
will be written as if you had selected them individually, not in the mailing list format. 
-Automatic update of the "Guild" entry. [Transient (not saved) and read-only.] If you leave the 
guild, the entry disappears. If someone is added/removed from the guild, your address book is updated. 

New Options Tab for the Mail System 
-Address book filename, configurable per character. 
-If you select an existing address book file, it loads it. 
-If you select a new filename, it creates it with the current in-memory address book state. 
-The address book can be edited by hand, or copied between installations. 

Mail Forwarding Option. 
-When turned on, incoming email is forwarded to the email address you registered in your Station 
Account. 

Revised Command-Line Syntax for Sending Mail 
-More than one recipient is now allowed. Use the comma to separate them. 
-If you need a space, for an example if you are sending to a mailing list that contains a space 
in its name, then you need to enclose the whole list of recipients between double-quotes. 
-To make a recipient BCC, precede it with a -. 
-Addresses written in the command-line are expanded according to the address book rules. 

-- The EverQuest Team

.....................................................................

------------------------------
May 18, 2005 
------------------------------

*** Spells *** 

- With the last patch, we made a change to the way that intoxication effects work so 
you are no longer completely immune to them if you have maximum alcohol tolerance. 
Instead, you now mitigate the effects based on your alcohol tolerance skill. Due to 
this change, intoxication effects have been reduced or removed from a number of detrimental 
NPC spells where they would now cause the encounters to be more difficult than intended. 
- Storm Guard and Frost Shield now have 60 minute durations. 
- Increased the range on Kessdona's Roar. 

*** Missions *** 

- Skrepiz Plaguebringer will now only appear when you have completed all previous requirements 
in the Rise of Marnek mission. 
- If you are on the mission to Unrest, Nisha Lightbrook will now respond to your first hail 
instead of requiring two hails for a response. 
- You will no longer be able to loot the notes for the Hate's Fury mission out of order. 

*** Items *** 

- Gloves of Wicked Ambition now have +5 to stun resist, +6 to dot shield, and +2 to mana regen. 
- Mirrored Mask now has a type 8 augmentation slot, by request. Now players can bind a focus 
augment to the item if they wish. 
- Gem of the Spring Wind from the good DoN camp is now named "Shard of the Spring Wind" and is 
now a type 7 and 8 augmentation. 

*** Alternate Abilities *** 

- Raised the cap on AA's so that those people who were maxed out can receive all of their 
Vet rewards. 
- The shape changing effects of the Jester of Bristlebane will now disappear after 10 minutes. 

*** Code *** 

Windows 98/ME: 
- Users with these operating systems should no longer experience the bug where there UI 
renders but the 3D scene does not when they first enter the game. 

-- The EverQuest Team 

.....................................................................

------------------------------
June 29, 2005 
------------------------------

A large patch was implemented today. Grab a coffee for this one. 

================================== 

*** Headlines *** 

- Plane of Time Instancing! - Plane of Time has been fully instanced. Every raid that enters 
the zone will now get its own instance of the zone. 
- New Tutorial! - A new tutorial is now available, featuring new art, new models, new quests, 
and a new player experience that will take you from level 1 to level 10. 
- New Newbie Armor Quests! - New armor quests pick up where the tutorial leaves off, taking 
players from 11 to 20. 
- You can now invite players to your group across zones. We have enabled the ability to use 
the /invite command with a players name to allow you to invite someone that is not in your 
current zone. 
- "Auto Consent Group", "Auto Consent Raid", and "Auto Consent Guild" buttons have been 
added to the options window; when checked, your group/raid/guild will automatically be given 
consent to move any new corpses you drop. 



*** Items *** 

- Ogre Femur Club is now monk and beastlord usable. 
- The tier1 and tier2 quested breastplates in Omens of War now have click effects that are 
usable from inventory. 
- The Rod of Mystical Transvergance and Summoned: Modulating Rod now both have a 5 minute 
item recast timer. This will give both items a visible indicator for the recast time of 
the rods when used in the UI. 
- The suffusive weaponry from the Trial of Ingenuity is now attunable. 
- The Longbow of Chaos now has a type 4 augmentation slot. 
- Haggard Trusik Shawl now has +15 int instead of +15 wis. 
- Plaguebreeze now has +4 regen, +20 attack, +1 shielding, and +5 avoidance. 
- The Dragonshade Mask now has the worn effect of Cleave V and the activatable effect of 
Assassin?s Blood. The recast time on the activatable effect has been changed to two minutes. 
- The Obsidian Battle Sword has a new graphic. 
- The Blade of Vesagran is now a one-handed slasher. Please petition if you have an 
augmentation that will not fit in your blade now that it has changed to a slasher. 


*** Tasks, Missions, and Quests *** 

- Increased the amount of time that a mission zone can be empty of players before it 
shuts down from 15 to 30 minutes. This should help groups who completely wipe out get 
back to the zone before it shuts down and resets. 
- If you are on the mission to Unrest, Nisha Lightbrook will now respond to your first 
hail instead of requiring two hails for a response. 
- Sleeping on the job: Gnoll Archers will now call for reinforcements if you have killed 
them before completing the previous elements in the task. 
- Sleeping on the job: Holinix, Djerr, Grarrax, 
- Fixed an error that was causing some tasks that had elements in Grimling Forest to be 
impossible to complete. 


*** Events *** 

- The Specter of Rage in Uqua will now accept the Orb of Rage again. 
- It should no longer be possible to get double-loot and double-lockout on the MPG 
Trial of Endurance. 
- The Vishimtar encounter has been retuned. Beware the cursed black dragon! 
- After Vishimtar's demise, Creeping Doom will fade and skeletons will cease spawning 
on player death. 
- Standing directly under Rikkukin when he fires off a directional attack is now a bad 
idea. 
- Lockout timers for Anguish bosses are now 4.5 days long instead of 4.9166666 (repeating, 
of course). 


*** Skills, Spells 

- Added new spells in the Spirit of the Panther line for Shaman at levels 50 and 57. 
- Added new spells in the Ward of Righteousness line for Clerics at levels 50 and 57. 
- Added new level 50+ fear spells for Clerics, Necromancers, Enchanters, Shadowknights, 
Bards, and Druids. 
- Added new melee guard Disciplines for Shadowknights and Paladins, both at level 56. 
- Added a new Point Blank Enthrall spell for Enchanters at level 68. 
- Added new spells in the Spirit of the Panther line for Shaman at levels 50 and 57. 
- Added new spells in the Ward of Righteousness line for Clerics at levels 50 and 57. 
- You'll have to convince Karsor the Mad to part with the above new spells. 
- Storm Guard and Frost Shield now have 60 minute durations. 
- Modified the Frenzied Burnout AA so that it now has a 15 minute reuse and will better 
stack with other strength and attack enhancing effects. 
- The mana regeneration portion of the Enchanter spell Breeze now scales from 5 at level 
14 to 6 at level 20. 
- Fixed a stacking problem with Shadowknight and Ranger Self buffs that were being 
overwritten by the druid Hand of Ro line. 
- Increased the innate AC bonuses granted to level 66+ pets by focus effects. 
- Increased the melee damage bonuses provided by pet focus effects on level 66-70 pets. 
- Lowered the endurance cost on many Berserker Axe abilities and the battle cry line. 
- Refunded and removed Spell Casting Subtlety from Shadowknights. 
- Shock of Lightning was recently changed into a new spell, Icicle Shock. In answer to 
concerns from several players at the loss of Shock of Lightning, the spell has been returned 
to it's previous form. 
- Guard of Blood Recourse has been changed to a instant heal for 600 HP instead of 400 
for 2 ticks. 
- Alternate Ability timers for newly acquired activatable AAs will properly initialize 
to allow for immediate use. 
- Veteran rewards on accounts that have no expansions now work properly. 
- Leadership assist ranges now have the same distance rules as the /assist command. 
- When rogues using Shroud of Stealth /con an NPC that can see invis but not shroud of 
stealth, they will now get a message telling them the NPC cannot see them but can see 
normal invis players. 
- Players will now receive 1 skill point in any new skills available when the reach a new level. 
- Spell hate for spells with a fixed amount of hate now include hate-focus effects. 
Previously, spells with fixed amount of hate assigned to them would disregard hate focus effects. 
- Fixed the issue with Wrath of the Wild that caused it to last until a rune expired. 


*** Tradeskills *** 

- Added a minimum chance to gain a skill up on many of the Dragons of Norrath cultural 
tradeskill recipes and many of the Omens of War augmentation recipes. This will make it 
easier to gain an increase in skill when doing these recipes in most cases where the 
character has a high skill. 
- Some Velium weapons can now be converted into small Velium bars by smiths. You will 
need to use the Velium Smithy Hammer in order to break down these weapons. 
- Speckled Pine Fruit can now be foraged. 
- Palm Leaf can now be foraged. 
- Added a recipe to create Rainwater Dressing. 
- Added a recipe to create Spiced Heartfruit Greens. 
- Midnight Stones and Sandstone Pearls can now be crushed in a Mixing Bowl, not a Mortar 
and Pestle. 
- Increased the stack size of Dragons of Norrath cultural Patterns and Molds to 200 (400 
for wrist patterns and molds). 
- Caerlyna will now exchange Ice Cream Churns for tokens. 
- Added information to bag tokens that will tell the player some of the information about 
the bag they represent. 


*** NPCs *** 

- There is a new potion vendor in the Plane of Knowledge. He sells some nice new potions 
as well as some of the ingredients that alchemists will need to make those potions. 
- The Taskmistress Krisz encounter can now be triggered. Speak to the NPCs in Riwwi for more 
information. 
- Several NPCs in the Abysmal Sea are now more willing to chat. They no longer require proof 
of dedication to their cause. 
- New merchants have moved into Lavastorm. 
- Some of the Ferans in Riftseekers will drop Softened Feran Hides more often now. 
- Some of the Ferans in Riftseekers will drop Quality Feran Hides more often now. 


*** Veteran rewards *** 

- The Veteran Reward buffs are now immune to being dispelled. 
- The Veteran Reward buffs will no longer freeze their timers in the guild hall. 


*** Optimizations *** 

- File caching has been enabled which should yield performance improvements, especially 
on lower end systems when dealing with the UI (opening/closing windows, loading a UI, ...). 


*** Exodus and Related Issues *** 

- The exodus bug where a player could possibly die during the small amount of time after 
the spell is cast but before they actually zone, should now be fixed. We did the best we 
could trying to reproduce the situations that have been described to us and they have been 
fixed in our test cases. Please let us know if you continue to experience an issue like this. 
- Spells such as Exodus, have a chance to fail which happens for each person that gets hit 
by the spell. This means each person has a chance to not get ported. If you fail to get 
ported, you now receive a message notifying you of the failure. 
- Teleport bind(AA) will no longer leave the caster behind. If the spell is successfully 
cast, then everyone will be ported. Previously the caster had a 2% chance to not port. 


*** Features Enabled for All *** 

- The raid window is now available to all players. 
- The LFGroup windows are now available to all players. 
- Line-art mapping is now available for all zones. 


*** UI *** 

- The Potion Belt will now remain visible after zoning (if it was visible before zoning). 
- The advanced display options window has been enhanced substantially. Please note that the 
Advanced Lighting option is for video cards that support 1.1 Pixel Shaders and above. Also 
note that the advanced lighting is still being tested with some of our known player hardware 
configurations. If you experience any issues with it on, please turn it off. Not all hardware 
combination have been verified to be fully functional. For those that can use it, check out 
how cool the lighting looks in some of the old zones like the commonlands with the NPCs and 
their spherical light influences. It looks great. 
- The help window has been merged with the petition window. 


*** Misc *** 

- You will no longer get experience back from a corpse whose rez timer has expired when 
using the Veteran AA Expedient Recovery. 
- The level restriction for entering the tutorial has been changed to allow level 10 and 
under. 
- Fixed an old issue with particles. If you had your client running for 10 or so hours, 
some particle emitters would start to show huge particles. 


*** Chat Channels *** 

- There are now system owned, persistent chat channels and players will auto join some of 
these channels. Players level 20 and under auto join the "NewPlayers" channel, over level 20 
auto join "General" and a class specific channel, and there are continent based channels as well. 
Auto joining channels can be disabled under the options window. 


*** Pet Commands *** 

- The "/pet follow" command works properly again. 
- The "/pet report" command works properly again. 


.....................................................................


------------------------------
July 13, 2005 
------------------------------


*** Headlines *** 

Trouble grows in Norrath! Dark Elves have been seen traveling the lands wreaking havoc 
as they pass. Cities are calling out to their citizens for help gathering supplies 
in preparation for possible war. Something big is happening in Norrath now as the Age of War 
continues. 


*** Events *** 

- Players should no longer be KOS to Killvak or the troll raiders in Barrenzin's mission 
"Trollish Bloodlust" 


*** Spells *** 

- Increased the damage, mana, and cast time of the Necromancer and Shadowknight spell 
Siphon Life to better fit the progression of the other spells of the same type. 
- Fixed a problem that caused Shadowknights to proc the wrong effects from Spirit of the Puma 
and Spirit of the Jaquar. 
- When a rogue /consider's an NPC that can see through normal forms of invisibility, and 
the rogue is hidden from the NPC due to their Shroud of Stealth, the player will continue 
to receive the "indifferent" consider message but will also receive the following message: 
"Your Shroud of Stealth keeps you hidden from watchful eyes." 
- We have fixed the gating issue when on a mount and you are in the same zone you are bound 
and your vertical location of your bind point is much lower than you are currently. You will 
no longer fall to your death. Yeah for falling! 
- When casting bind, your current heading will now be saved. 
- Dark Sieve and Dark Sieve Recourse now have 200 range. 


*** Pet Focus *** 

- Increased the innate AC bonuses granted to level 66+ pets by focus effects. 
- Increased the melee damage bonuses provided by pet focus effects on level 66-70 pets. 


*** Items *** 

- The new potions will now be level restricted as they were previously intended to be. 
- Some type 9 augmentations are now usable in the charm slot. 
- Plaguebreeze will now drop more frequently. 
- Removed Patorav?s Amulet from the "bonus" table on Overlord Mata Muram. 
- Mask of the Heretic now has 12 AC. 
- Blightbringer?s Cap of the Grave now modifies the Specialization: Conjuration by 12%. 
- Any type 9 augment that fit in a visible slot now is also a type 12 augment. 
- Jelvan has learned the technology of the printing press and will now distribute his 
writings more often. 


*** Auto Consent *** 

- Auto-consent raid, group, or guild will now auto-consent all future and existing corpses. 
If you turn off auto-consent then consent for your group, raid, or guild will be removed from 
all existing corpses. Please note that in order for a group member or raid member to be able 
to drag one of your existing corpses, they had to be in your group or raid at the time your 
corpse was created. This is the functionality that has always been in place. 


*** Tasks and Missions *** 

- The entrance to Everfrost is now a little easier to explore. 
- The issue preventing some groups from entering the Unrest mission has been fixed. 


*** Graphics *** 

- /viewport should work with Advanced Lighting on now. 
- We have fixed a common Reset Device error. 
- Fixed an issue with rendering trees and other alpha'ed textures when running on 
older hardware. 
- We have fixed a common crash with our DLL. 


*** Particles *** 

- We have made some fixes to the particle rendering. Some people were seeing square textures. 


*** UI *** 

- You can now use the "Enter World" button at character select if you are camped in tutorialb. 
- Merchants' items should now be sort correctly using the Quantity column. 


*** Tradeskills *** 

- Changed one of Chef Chowderly's recipes. Pan Seared Orange Tuna will now use a Non-Stick Frying Pan 
in the recipe instead of a Large Stewing Pot.

.....................................................................

------------------------------
August 11, 2005 
------------------------------

EverQuest - Live Update - 08/11/05 

*** Headlines *** 

Gukta is no more. The Trolls have retaken their ancestral home and torn down the remembrances 
of the Frogloks. The Guktans, suffering more than just defeat, have retreated into the 
Rathe Mountains. They have built a tent city to accommodate their needs, but there is 
something obviously wrong. Many of their friends and family were touched by the curse 
laid upon the battlefield by the Warlord Ykesha. These poor souls have been corrupted. 
They have been torn from the breast of Mithaniel Marr and grasped by the clutching claws 
of Innoruuk and turned to evil. Yet they are cousins and brothers to the remaining Guktans 
and so they live together, trying to make the best of their fate. 


*** Items *** 

- Ancient Mist Root Stone, Refracted Dusk Amethyst, Ancient Life Root Stone, and Refracted 
Dawn Amethyst are now usable in the hands and wrist slots. 
- All potions that were recently introduced now have a required level instead of a 
recommended level. 
- Lightning Singed Mantle now has 38 AC. 


*** Missions *** 

- Changed the required count for the kill and loot elements on the Dragons of Norrath 
mission "Diseased Pumas". This change was to fix a discrepancy between the number of 
items required for task completion compared to the number of kills and items looted that 
the task said you needed.


.....................................................................


------------------------------
September 7, 2005
------------------------------

*** Headlines *** 
Eyes on Nektulos - From the saddle of her unholy steed, Lanys T`Vyl, the child 
of Innoruuk, surveyed the trolls' as they marched with all of their belongings 
and wares from Neriak, the dark elf city they called home for a time, to the 
city of Grobb in the Innothule Swamp. The frogloks had finally lost their foothold 
in Grobb and now the smelling, foul race of trolls had their home back. 

She kicked her steed into motion and made haste through Nektulos Forest making a 
cursory survey of the lands and then turned to Neriak where dark fates would soon 
unfurl by her ebony hand. 


*** Spells *** 
- Increased the duration on Divine Avatar. 
- Reduced the casting time on several swarm pet AAs. 
- Modified Intensity of the Resolute so it won't be overwritten by other, lesser 
abilities. 
- Using Cyclone Blade or Whirlwind Blade will no longer cause AE Taunt to be used 
up as well. 
- Telekara is now slightly harder to resist, giving it an equal resist chance to 
other spells in the same line. 
- Nature's Blight and Season's Fury now have 200 spell casting range. 
- Rhythmic Reflexes and Superior Rhythmic Reflexes had their double attack values 
switched. This has now been corrected. 
- Nature's Blight and Season's Fury will now not focus level 1 spells, including 
the Shadowknight ability Harmtouch. 


*** Items *** 
- The dark side of the froglok?s can now wear the armor their culture made. 
- Modified the stats of numerous pieces of the cultural armor and the corresponding 
symbols. 
- After much chafing, and a few cracked ribs, the froglok have decided that gnome 
cultural armor is no longer wearable. 
- Blessed Reviver's Charm should now calculate its stats correctly if a non-wis 
caster is added to the group or raid. 
- All spell scrolls should now be stackable. Please note that if you try to scribe 
more than one spell scroll at one time by using a stack of spell scrolls, that you 
will receive an error message. You must use only one spell scroll to scribe a spell. 
- Ancient Mist Root Stone, Refracted Dusk Amethyst, Ancient Life Root Stone, and 
Refracted Dawn Amethyst are now usable in the hands and wrist slots.

.....................................................................

------------------------------
September 13, 2005
------------------------------

Welcome to EverQuest: Depths of Darkhollow! 

As Lanys T'Vyl and Firiona Vie crossed blades in Nektulos Forest, a failed curse 
exploded that shook the lands from sky to stone. When all settled, for a time there 
was no sound. Firiona, Lanys, their armies, all the beasts and creatures had vanished 
from the grove where the curse was bound. But down at the end of the forest river 
where it ducked under loose stone, a way into darkness was revealed -- passage into 
a subterranean world called Darkhollow. 

For more details on what befell those in Nektulos Forest, see today's story entry! 


~** Depths of Darkhollow Highlights **~ 

** Monster Missions ** 

- Have you ever wondered what it must be like to be a monster in Norrath? Now you 
can find out! Through Monster Missions, you are able to enter the bodies of a 
variety of characters and be transported into a different time to re-enact the 
past or play a critical role in Norrath's future. These missions are found in 
Darkhollow and other areas around Norrath, like Nektulos Forest and Butcherblock. 
- While you play in a monster mission, your main character earns experience and, 
quite often, rewards! The rewards you gain from monster missions appear in the 
inventory of your main character when the mission is successfully completed. 


** Spirit Shrouds ** 

- Shroudkeepers have learned to channel spirits in the ethereal world. They are found 
in the Plane of Knowledge and can offer you the form of one of Norrath's creatures 
through a Spirit Shroud! The Shroudkeepers can transform you into creatures in various 
categories, like Undead or Animal. The Spirit Shroud itself changes your form and 
gives you a specific set of abilities, like a fighter or healer, depending on the 
shroud you picked. Once you've selected a shroud type, you can choose to play a 
creature of that type of any available level less than or equal to your own level. 
- While you adventure with a Spirit Shroud, you will gain experience for your main 
character. When you remove your shroud, the items you collected will appear in your 
Shroud Storage which is accessed at a banker. Also, as you use the Spirit Shrouds in 
a particular category you will gain enough knowledge and experience to unlock new forms. 


** Evolving Items ** 

- As you adventure and advance in Norrath, you may find new items that will learn 
and grow right along with you! These Evolving Items change over time the more you 
use them, including their names and statistics. These weapons and worn items are 
marked as Evolving and will show their status in a percentage upon inspecting them.
You can watch that status grow as you kill monsters! When it reaches 100 percent, 
presto, you will have the next level of your item! 


** Intelligent Items ** 

- Imagine what some of your gear might say to you if it could talk. Now some will! 
Intelligent items, much like evolving items, are now found in Norrath and will show 
their status when inspected. As they grow, they change their statistics and even what 
they say. They can talk to you and, sometimes, people around you (you can customize 
these chat options). These items usually have something to say about your actions, 
so keep your eyes open! 


** Tradeskills ** 

- The gnomes of Corathus have amassed a collection of new tradeskill items. You will 
find some vendors with books detailing javelins, food and drink, and new ways of doing 
spell research. Merchants who frequently traffic in high quality ore have been taking 
a keen interest in the new ores and minerals of Darkhollow and often have surplus 
available for purchase by others. 
- The new spell research is a totally different system that covers a large majority 
of spells that were found in Planes of Power, and Gates of Discord, though not all 
of them. The new system may seem more complex than the way you are used to doing spells, 
but is much more systematic than the previous system and will be more consistent. 
- Additionally, there are new highly powerful augments for cultural armor? One of the 
Gnomeworks is a bit damaged and if you have something of interest to him, he may be 
willing to help you with a way to make them. Good luck! 


** AAs ** 

- New AAs are now available to players who own Depths of Darkhollow. 


** Spells ** 

- New Spells are now available to players who own Depths of Darkhollow 


~** EverQuest: Escape to Norrath **~ 

Are your friends bored now that the summer is coming to an end? Has their work, 
school, or in-laws plain taken the fun out of their days? If this is the case, 
invite your friends to Escape To Norrath to join you in your adventures throughout 
the world of Norrath. Our new tutorial, EverQuest: Escape To Norrath, is a FREE 
stand alone experience tailored around a fun and easy to learn introduction to the 
world of Norrath. 

There are several ways to play Escape to Norrath: 

- Invite your friends to play EverQuest with you by using the disk included with 
your Depths of Darkhollow box. Feel free to share this disk! 
- Our new EverQuest: Escape To Norrath website has a full download available, along 
with instructions on how to obtain account keys: http://escapetonorrath.station.sony.com/index.vm 
- Existing EverQuest players can play on the Escape To Norrath server by using the 
EscapeToNorrath.exe in their EverQuest directory. Join your friends and relive the 
experience of discovering the magic of EverQuest! 


~** Other Update News **~ 

** [EQ] Menu Button ** 

- We have added new functionality to the UI. The window selector is no longer available. 
The functionality is now neatly folded and tucked away in the [EQ] Button. Clicking on 
the [EQ] button will extend a menu that includes the most vital and commonly used 
screens in the game. 


** AAs ** 

- Based on player feedback, we?ve changed the way that Turn Undead and Turn Summoned 
work to make it more useful in normal grouping situations. Both abilities have been 
refunded and new versions are available for purchase. The new versions are 5-minute 
reuse, single-target DoTs that have a chance to do a massive amount of damage to the 
targeted creature when they land, likely destroying it in one hit. The core abilities 
are still level 59 class abilities and upgrades are available at level 65 for Planes 
of Power and level 70 with Depths of Darkhollow. 
- Due to the changes to Turn Summoned and Turn Undead, the AAs that decreased their 
reuse times are no longer applicable so they have been removed and refunded. 
- The duration of Divine Avatar has been increased to 3 minutes and the reuse time 
has been lowered to 36 minutes. 
- The reuse time on Rabid Bear has been reduced to 36 minutes. As part of this change, 
the ability will no longer have its duration increased by focus effects. Hastened 
Rabidity has been changed to lower the reuse on Rabid Bear by 4 minutes per rank. 
- Reduced the casting time on Wake the Dead and Army of the Dead. 
- Rhythmic Reflexes and Superior Rhythmic Reflexes had their double attack values 
switched. This has now been corrected. 


** Tradeskills ** 

- Added some recipes to create Soy Sauce for the Chef Chowderly quest. 
- Modified the stats on numerous pieces of the Cultural Tradeskill armor. 
- The Salvage bug when using world containers has been fixed. 
- Tradeskill recipes that result in a LORE item that you already have and is not 
a tool will now block with a message. 


** NPCs ** 

- High quality ore vendors will no longer fall for your tricks. 
- Volkara will now appear as a spider rather than a 20-foot human male. 
- NPC's in Halls of Honor should no longer gate home when there are too many pets in 
the nearby vicinity. 
- Made a minor modification to the Mata Muram script to fix a loophole in the gaze 
list logic. 


** Missions 

- Volkara will no longer grow in power if she is outside of her lair. Her encounter 
will now be the same no matter where she is fought. 
- Kessdona's manashard guardian adds should now activate correctly and in sequence. 
- Changed the required count for the kill and loot elements on the Dragons of Norrath 
mission ?Diseased Pumas?. This change was to fix a discrepancy between the number 
of items required for task completion compared to the number of kills and items 
looted that the task said you needed. 


** Quests ** 

- The Ancient Sebilite Protector in Sebilis should no longer double-spawn his helper-golems, 
and the event should despawn / reset normally again. 


** Items ** 

- All arrows and throwing items now are max stack size of 100. 
- All spell scrolls should now be stackable. Please note that if you try to scribe 
more than one spell scroll at one time by using a stack of spell scrolls, that you 
will receive an error message. You must use only one spell scroll to scribe a spell. 


** Spells ** 

- Modified Intensity of the Resolute so it won?t be overwritten by other, lesser 
abilities. 


** Tutorial ** 

- In case you missed it above, the tutorial has changed. Not only have we added new 
content and made it more user friendly and streamlined, we actually made it a standalone 
experience you can give to your friends to learn how to play EverQuest. Please refer to 
the EverQuest: Escape To Norrath website for more details: http://escapetonorrath.station.sony.com/index.vm 


** UI ** 

- There are now 4 Hotbutton windows that can be visible at the same time. Use the Options 
window to set keys for showing/hiding the windows, as well as setting keys for the 
individual Hotbuttons in them. Note to skinners, your old skin should work for the 
single Hotbutton window contained in it, but you'll need to update to see more than 1. 
- Item Links have changed format. 
- Bazaar search results, when the item is viewed, should now show the correct number of 
charges for charged items. 
- The Task Select window now autoselects the first task in the list. 
- The Guild Management Window level display bug should be fixed. 
- Changing video modes should no longer clear the Find window list. 
- The Find Window now generates a Find path once a target is selected. 


** Miscellaneous ** 

- Added new level gained text for lower level characters. 
- A fully looted corpse will remain in the game as long as there is experience that 
can be regained through an experience rez or until the experience rez timer has expired. 


***Special Thanks*** 

The EverQuest Team would like to warmly thank all the people who participated in the 
Depths of Darkhollow Beta. All your feedback, patience and good spirits have been 
really invaluable to us and the EverQuest community as a whole. Without your efforts, 
Depths of Darkhollow would not be possible.

.....................................................................

------------------------------
September 15, 2005
------------------------------

** Spells ** 

- Modified Abundant Healing so it should no longer have stacking problems with other 
regeneration effects. 

** Items ** 

- Placeholder items inside Monster missions will now display the highest level reward 
for reference. 

- New tradeskilled javelins in Depths of Darkhollow now have required levels. Some of 
them are now flagged as beastlord usable. 

- Slipgear's Gem will now properly calculate its stats based on the tasks you've 
completed for Cartographer Slipgear. 


** Miscellaneous ** 

- Fixed general login related issues. 

- Fixed an issue that prevented Lore and Magic items from dropping on Monster Missions 
on Firiona Vie. 

- Fixed an issue that caused quest and tradeskill recipes that resulted in an item of 
the same lore group as a component of the recipe from combining properly. 

-- The EverQuest Team

.....................................................................

------------------------------
September 16, 2005
------------------------------

** Skills ** 

- Language skills can now be advanced pass skill level 32 again. 

** Miscellaneous ** 

- Fixed a bug with monster mission shrouds and their abilities. 

- Fixed a problem that allowed the boar mount to go into dungeons. 

- Mounts will sink when in water as they should. 

- Fixed an issue with the /who command when people are shrouded. 

-- The EverQuest Team 

.....................................................................

------------------------------
September 21, 2005
------------------------------

*** Missions *** 

- Lockout timers for missions are now fixed. You will no longer get the 50+ day 
lockout timers. Those that have these long lockout timers need to log those 
characters into the game to have those timers reset automatically for them. 
There is no need to petition to get them reset, they will be reset automatically. 

- Orvin in West Commonlands should port players with the Zanivar quest. 

- The chance that you would loot the required items for the mission Desert Crawl 
was increased. 

- Corgoth has remembered his obligations and has returned to the Norrath?s Keeper 
faction. 

- Adjusted the experience reward for some of the monster missions to be more in line 
with the time it is taking to complete them. 

- Kathi Norman is on vacation. She will return to help Griffins find their eggs as 
soon as she can. (ooc: The mission she gave was just too easy and is being retrofitted 
with more fun and challenge). 

- Lowered the difficulty of Warlord Drellak in the second mission of the Walls of 
Xill mission line in Stoneroot Falls. 

- Some mission givers in Stoneroot Falls will now see through invisibility. You may 
now communicate with them while having invisibility up. 


*** Items *** 

- Evolving items that had the same recommended and required level will now only 
report the required level. 

- Some Illsalin level 70 hard mission items have been slightly upgraded. 

- A few belts throughout Darkhollow now increase the size of your potion belt. 


*** Quests *** 

- A few quest combines that had a lore result were failing. These should now work 
properly. In some cases, you will still have the container when you are done with it. 
Do with it what you want. This includes the combines for the Ranger and Druid epic 2.0 
that were eating their containers. 

- The unbridled fury of Korbuk Brimblade will no longer bring unwanted lag to Noble's 
Causeway. 


*** Shrouds *** 

- Modified the experience scaling for Spirit Shrouds, Evolving Items, and Leadership 
Abilities to grant more experience at lower levels. 


*** AAs *** 

- The AA description for some of the new DoD AAs will now show the proper required level. 


*** Tradeskills *** 

Eureka! Players can now learn some of the Depths of Darkhollow recipes that were 
so forgettable. 

- Nest Drake eggs now work with normal flour. 

- The new snake eggs found in Darkhollow make scrumptious dough, noodles, egg batter, 
and snake egg oil. 

- We have fixed an issue with a tradeskill combines where the container is lore and is
also given back to the player after the combine is completed. You will now be able to 
complete these combines again. 

- The EverQuest Team

.....................................................................


------------------------------
October 12, 2005
------------------------------

*** Headlines *** 

A new edition of the city newspapers is hot off the presses. See your local Town Crier! 

Lesser Faydark and Mistmoore Castle have been returned to their previous states. 


*** Missions *** 

- The mission, Brownies of Doom, has been made easier. We will continue to monitor 
this mission to see if it remains too difficult or too long. 

- A character that is out of the instance when one of the five Curse of Blood raids 
is completed can get their ?flag? and AA by zoning back in before the instance shuts 
down. There was a bug with the mechanism that handed out the AAs in this case and 
that has been fixed. The ?flag? was being given out properly on zone in. 


*** Quests *** 

- Many of the guests of Dreadspire were very easily satiated. Their hunger has 
grown and they can be fed more often. 

- Ergrez Shortpaw in Iceclad now asks for Fatty Walrus Meat instead of Walrus Meat. 

- There are reports of bandits robbing the Cargo Clockwork in Steamfont. Speak to 
Jarah in Ak`Anon to find out about the Cargo. (Cargo Clockwork?s quest should now 
work properly) 


*** Spells *** 

- Shield of Dreams is now a 451 pt. rune 

- The triggered effect caused by Fickle Shadows will now only effect spells which 
do not have a duration. I.E. instant direct damage spells. 

- The charges on the mage summoned Sphere of Air have been increased to 5. The spell 
that summons this item has also had its mana cost increased. 

- The ATK bonuses for Ward of the Hunter, Howl of the Predator, and Strength of the 
Hunter have been replaced with Double attack bonuses. 


*** AAs *** 

- The casting times on several of the wizard AA familiars have been removed. 

- Dragon Punch has been changed to a physical resist check, it should now be resisted 
less often. 


*** Items *** 

- The worn damage shield cap has been increased from 15 to 30. 

- The following augmentations now have solvents: Stone of Focused Rage, Heart of 
Darkhollow Wilds, Darter Stone and Solidified Shadow Spine Magical Taint. 

- The Illsalin Royalty Garment now has the click effect of Shield of Auras. 

- The Shiliskin Good Luck Charm will now yield a lower max value. 

- Pristine Illsalin Stonecraft Mask now has +3 regen and mana regen instead of Composure. 

- The Berserker Epic 1.5 and 2.0 effects have been modified. They now increase crit 
rate, strength (and strength cap), and regen health for the duration of the effects. 


*** NPCs *** 

- Entalon in the burning woods will now take you to his master on completion of his quest. 

- Though she has lived in Neriak since she was born, Ungia has decided to move to Grobb 
to follow the customer base she acquired during the troll exile. 

- Graktar in Iceclad is waiting for a letter from Vkjor in Kael Drakkal. 

- Earthcaller Stones should now appear in Shadeweaver's Thicket. This is related 
to a quest from Captain Karim. 

- Sentry Kedra Kai of Shadeweaver?s Thicket will now reward players for adventuring 
into the Paludal Caverns. 


*** Tradeskills *** 

- Alchemists no longer automatically throw a tantrum and destroy the small vials 
used to make some potions if they fail to make the potion. 

- Scrindites Mechanoinstruction Reader should now work as described in the book. 

- The page needed to make the Unfired Scrindite?s Holepunch Mold has been moved from 
Poxysmit's Book to Scrindite's Book. 

- Potters Unite! There are new culturally inspired charms made using the pottery skill. 
Consult the merchants that sell the culturally inspired books for a new book. 

- Refined high quality ore can now be converted between block, large bricks and small 
bricks. 


*** UI *** 

- A done button has found its way back onto the Merchant Window. 

Note: The updated UI that is currently on test will be pushed live in the next few weeks. 


*** Leadership Points *** 

- You will no longer lose leadership points if you are shrouded much lower than your 
regular level and you gain enough leadership experience to gain another point. 


*** Atlas *** 

- Depths of Darkhollow has been added to the atlas. 


*** Miscellaneous *** 

- The AC cap has been increased for bards levels 50+. 

- The return on AC over the cap has been increased for clerics levels 50+.


.....................................................................


------------------------------
October 27, 2005
------------------------------

*** Headliners *** 


*** New Default UI Skin *** 

- We have updated the default UI skin with new art and icons! This is the same artwork 
that has been on display on our Escape to Norrath server (www.escapetonorrath.com) 
and our test server. For those of you that prefer to use the old default UI Skin, 
you can type /loadskin default_old in your chat window and it will allow you to use 
the old default UI. 


*** Events and Seasonal Festivities *** 

- Zigan Ribshard in the Plane of Knowledge has a few friends he?d like you to meet. 
Speak with him for more information regarding seasonal festivities. 


Community Summit Related Items: 

- There is a new filter option on the guild bank to narrow your search. 
- Added a "guildbank" argument to /outputfile, allowing a player to dump the guild 
bank to disk. NOTE: This can only be used in the Guild Hall. 
- Players should now be able to withdraw items from the Guild Bank deposit area (if 
they're a Guild Banker). 
- Added Stun and Strikethrough filters/color selectors. 
- Players now have an option in the options window to determine whether or not they 
want other players to see them with their helm. "Show My Helm" 
- EverQuest now uses the system mouse. While in windowed mode you can freely move 
the mouse around as you can with any other application running in a window. 
Mouse pointer customization can be done on a UISkin level. Just make your own .cur 
files with the appropriate names. (Please see the default directory for the .cur names.) 
- There's a new command to launch a web browser from the chat window. Just type /www 
and check it out. Also for additional flexibility, /url is available. 
- There's a new command to launch an application. Check out /system for usage. 


New arena zone headed to Stormhammer! 

- Please be aware that if you login to Stormhammer and download the new arena.eqg, 
that file will need to be deleted if you want to login to a server other than Stormhammer. 
This file is located in your EverQuest root directory. 

- Raid invites can now be done across zones via "/raidinvite name" 
- Bandaging other players will appear to give a healing effect again. 


*** Audio Triggers *** 

Audio triggers are sound effects that are played when certain patterns appear in the 
chat window. You can make audio triggers to play any sound you want when something 
you want to be sure not to miss appears in the chat window. This might be /tells from 
specific friends, certain buffs fading, or any other event you can think of that has a 
text message associated with it. The window used to configure your Audio Triggers can 
be accessed via the EQ button -> Actions -> Audio Triggers. 

There are a couple key ideas that make up Audio Triggers. 

Audio Triggers are a collection of text patterns associated with a sound effect. 
The window shows a list of all active audio triggers. They are sorted by priority 
so that the first pattern that matches text in the chat window will be the one and 
only sound that is played. This allows patterns to be made, for example, "tells you" 
and "yourbuddy tells you" that may have different sound effects. The "Move Up" and 
"Move Down" commands allow you to control which patterns will be tested first. 

Creating a new trigger is a simple matter of typing text in the "Pattern" field, 
selecting a sound in the "Sound" control, and pressing "Create". 

The other controls include: 

* Apply - changes the sound selected for the current pattern. Note that changing a 
pattern requires a new pattern to be made. 
* Play - plays the currently selected sound again. 
* Delete - delete the currently selected trigger. 

Trigger Sets 

Trigger Sets are similar to choosing a UI skin. Each trigger set represents a set of 
patterns associated with sounds that is stored on a per-character basis. You can 
switch trigger sets by selecting the drop-down control and selecting among the listed 
options. Unless you have installed custom Audio Trigger sets, you will only see the 
"default" entry. 

Each trigger set is stored as a folder in the AudioTrigger folder in your EverQuest 
directory which can contain .wav files unique to that trigger set. The goal here is 
to provide a way for the player community to create and share their own Audio Trigger 
sets that people find useful for different classes or play styles, much like they have 
done for custom UI skins. 

An example of a useful trigger set may be a set of patterns 
There are many possibilities. Due to the differences in play styles, there is no 
way to predict what settings people might prefer so the default settings are empty. 
We encourage players to discover and share ways to make this a fun part of their 
gameplay. 

Notes on customizing Audio Triggers: 

* Any .wav files found in the folder .\AudioTriggers\shared will be made available 
to all Audio Trigger sets in the Sound selection control. You will probably want to 
put most of your custom sounds in this folder, unless you are making custom Audio 
Trigger sets. 
* Creating a new Audio Trigger set is similar to making a new UI skin. It's not 
complicated but it's not built into the UI. Create a folder in 
.\AudioTriggers\NewTriggerSetName and put any .wav files specific to this trigger 
set in there, and you will be able to start using the new trigger set the next time 
the program is started. 
* User settings for each Audio Trigger set can be found in 
.\userdata\AT_TriggerSetName_CharacterName_ServerName.ini. You can copy these 
files to other characters as needed. You will probably want to include a sample
of this if you make an Audio Trigger set that you plan to share because this is 
what contains all the details on each specific trigger pattern and sound. 

The above instructions are available in-game via the help button on the audio 
triggers window. 


*** Shrouds/Monster Missions *** 

- Tribute will now be properly disabled when in shrouded form. 
- GuildTribute is now properly disabled when in shrouded form. 
- You cannot guild invite someone who is shrouded. 
- Adjusted the power scaling of Spirit Shrouds level 55 and above. As you unlock 
higher tier shrouds you will see a larger difference in their power level. 


*** Items *** 

- Light Amphibian Hide Slippers now have the effect "Form of Protection" 
- Cultural Charms will now be able to receive augments. 
- Whisps of Potameid Hair will now drop occasionally from some of the Potameids in Jagged Pine. 
- The experience required on many of the intelligent items has been reduced significantly 
to bring them more in line with evolving items. 


*** Tradeskills *** 

- Charm Patterns now stack better! 
- Players will now be able to make journeyman?s charm patterns instead of cloth caps! 
- The spells Night Stalker and Night's Beckon now use the proper thickener. 
- Saltpeter and Crystallized Sulfur should drop about 10 times as often as they did 
in the past. 
- Pan Seared Orange Tuna will no longer magically transform your non stick frying pan 
into a stew pot if you make a mistake while making it. 
- Radiant Titanite of Quickening and Pure Quickening can now be made by rogues. 
- Scribe Rikik in Rathe Mountains found the inventory that he had lost during the 
move from Gukta. 
- The spell Light of Order will now use the proper ink. 
- The Darkhollow Geode task changed. Only Artisans will accept the Geode. 


*** NPCs *** 

- Cartographer Slipgear is reviewing his notes and discovered that some of his maps 
are not properly accredited. Speak with him if you have provided him with a map but 
not received credit for it. 
- The Knight of the Dread Sun will now make his appearance more often. 
- Atheling Plague has decided that heights aren't to his tastes, so he has left his tower. 


*** Quests *** 

- Added a new quest to reward players for completing the mission story arcs in 
Darkhollow. Speak with the old shiliskin fortune teller in Undershore for details. 


*** UI *** 

- There is now a button on the Options/Display page to "turn off" your helm?s graphic. 
- You will now see all text color options. 
- If you cancel a coin selection and then attempt to select crystals instead, the 
crystals will now appear on your cursor and not the coin. 


*** Miscellaneous *** 

- You will now be able to remove gold from your shared bank or regular bank if you 
die with an item on your cursor. 
- When using Find to find the Fishing Supply merchant you will no longer lock up. 
- Seru's animations are now fixed. 
- If a character dies while LD, Charmed or Feared the corpse can will be able to be 
dragged by the appropriate people. 
- We have fixed any remaining issues with setting a portion of your experience to go 
to AAs and then losing regular experience. 
- Client stability fix. This specifically happened while raiding with many many 
different types of particle clouds being used. 
- The issue involving the loss of a portion of a player's mana, hitpoints, and 
endurance after zoning is now fixed. 
- We have fixed the issue involved with the loss of half a player's mana, hitpoints, 
and endurance after zoning from a death. 
- Added some additional logging and error-checking to the Plane of Time. These changes 
should address the issue where an instance would not progress past Phase 1 in some 
circumstances. 
- Numerous raid management systems fixes have been made. 


*** Chat *** 

- Players in shrouded form will not auto-join class chat channels. 


*** Pets *** 

- Pets will once again receive HP from their items. 


*** Regen *** 

- Regen will work properly after becoming your main character after being a shroud. 
Iksars rejoice. 


*** PvP *** 

- You can no longer loot an item from someone else's corpse if you kill them in an 
arena. 


*** Evolving Items *** 

- You can now see the final result after adding an augment to an item. 


*** Spells *** 

- Detrimental spells will not be marked as used if used in a non-combat zone like PoK. 
- Several Ranger spells have been modified once again: 
* Ward of the Hunter - Replaced the ATK bonus, lowered the double attack bonus to 3%. 
* Howl of the Predator - Replaced the ATK bonus, lowered the double attack bonus to 3%. 
* Strength of the Hunter - Replaced the ATK bonus, removed the double attack bonus. 
- Greater Familiar is no longer an instant cast spell. 


*** Skills *** 

- Berserker axe throwing skills have had their timers modified. The stun and snare 
type abilities will now be on one timer, and the jolt and volley sets will be on another.

.....................................................................


------------------------------
November 1, 2005
------------------------------

*** Halloween Events *** 

- Corrected an issue with character flagging in the Halloween events. Previously 
only the Trick-or-Treat event and the "Out with the Old" mission were giving credit 
for completion. 
- Due to the issues in the Halloween events the time they will be available has been 
increased. The events will now remain available until the morning of Monday, November 14th. 


*** Tradeskills *** 

- Artisan Dosan Vis'Moor, Vivian Selgan, and Gart Okken should now be accepting 
items for the tasks that they give. 


*** Miscellaneous *** 

- Zoning out from the Corathus Mines will now place you at the location from which 
you zoned in. 
- Addressed character creation issues on Firiona Vie. 
- Corrected several issues with Veteran rewards.

.....................................................................


------------------------------
November 16, 2005
------------------------------

*** Depths of Darkhollow*** 

Many of the single group attainable rewards from the Depths of Darkhollow expansion 
have received significant upgrades. This includes more than 1,000 items from all 
over the expansion. Also, to allow players who have deleted items a chance to get 
them again, the rewards you get for completing a mission the first time are now 
given to you whenever you complete the mission and do not already have the reward. 

We've also made many tuning changes to the DoD missions to provide a smoother ramp 
up in difficulty over the course of the expansion. In general, earlier missions are 
now a bit easier and missions further into the expansion are now a bit more 
challenging, particularly the hard level missions. 


*** New Monster Missions *** 

- A gnollish zealot has been spotted near the bridge in South Karana. He speaks of 
the rift within Paw and the final whereabouts of the son of Ishva Mal. Perhaps there 
is still hope for the prisoners within. 
- The Solusek Mining Company has begun recruiting clockwork pilots for a special 
mission. Report to Clockwork Commander Widgetsworth in Lavastorm for further details. 


*** Spells *** 

- Several of the abilities used by NPCs in the Demi-Plane of Blood have been modified. 
- The Enchanter spell Apathy of the Nihil has been replaced with Dreary Deeds, an 
upgrade to Forlorn Deeds. 
- E`ci's Frosty Breath and Glacier Breath are now much harder to resist. 
- Blood of the Spire is now a more potent mana preservation focus. 
- Ravenous Hunger has been changed. It is now named "Ravenous Sloth" and is a 40% 
duration extender on the spell "Lingering Sloth". 
- The Aura of Arcanum line of spells should now have the correct spell description. 


*** Items *** 

- Pumpkin lovers rejoice! Pumpkin items now stack. 
- The spell Servant of Marr now properly requires Ink of the Companion. 
- Some of the ores that did not stack before now stack. This is from a list provided 
by the community. 
- The drop rate on Shards of Dark Matter has been increased. The high-end Gates of 
Discord bosses will now drop at least one of them every time they are killed. 
- The weight on all versions of the Mask of Horror for the Halloween event has been 
decreased. 
- Ensorcelled Great Sword of the Night should now proc correctly for players at 
level 55 and greater who can wield the sword. The Greatsword is also more visually 
imposing. 
- All none/none flagged containers in the game are now flagged as all/all. This 
should fix some issues with containers not showing up in varied item searches in 
the bazaar and item point vendors. 
- Some of the "Last Blood" augmentations now have stronger focus effects. 
- Darkhollow Constitutional will now return a normal cork, not the dissolving kind. 
- Statuette of the Tranquil is now called "Amice of the Tranquil" and is a shoulder 
slot item. The AC has been increased and the avoidance has been replaced with accuracy. 
- Woven Shadow Shroud is now called "Woven Shadow Stone" and is a range slot item. 
The item now has points in backstab damage. 
- Razorsharp Shortsword is now not usable by berserkers. 
- Dragon Scale Tiara is now named "Dragon Scale Eyepatch" 
- Azure Sleeves of the Diplomat and Azure Cowl of the Diplomat have lost their 
+attack bonus. 
- Azure Slippers of the Diplomat have lost their attack bonus and have received 
a +2 to mana regen. 
- Eulogy, the Bloodthirsty Blade now has higher hit points. 
- Bard instruments will drop less frequently in the Demi-Plane of Blood and a 
maximum of once per kill. 
- The Insidious Hooded Cloak now has its specialization modifier set to alteration 
instead of conjuration. 
- The Ancient Werewolf Skull evolving item now has augmentation slots at each 
stage in evolution. 
- The Sharpshooting VI spell effect on Soulseeker, Death's Sigh is now worn instead 
of combat. 
- The Polished Chitin War Horn now has an augment slot. 
- Ancient Cudgel of Slaughter now has resistance modifiers. 
- Though it is still magnetic, a magnetic metal brick will no longer stick to your 
hands. 


*** Missions, Tasks 

- Adjusted the experience reward for monster missions to better reflect the amount 
of effort the mission requires. Missions that could be finished very quickly are now 
worth less experience and missions that are taking longer to complete are now worth 
more experience. 
- High Seas Rogues have regained the ability to evade! 
- All Drachnid Hive level 65 missions should now give out the appropriate one time rewards. 
- Artisan Dosan Vis?Moor, Vivian Selgan, and Gart Okken should now be accepting items 
for the tasks that they give. 
- Additional text has been added to the "Investigate a Disappearance" task that begins 
in Freeport that should help clear up a confusing spot late in the task. 
- Aid Fimli in the Plane of Knowledge will now reward you with a cloak of lesser 
pernicity that matches the stats of the original cloak of greater pernicity. In 
addition the cloak of greater pernicity has been changed to be no drop. 
- The Misty for You quest now works properly. 


*** UI *** 

- The GuildManagement window has a new tab "Information", which contains the MOTD 
fields, as well as two new fields for Guild web URL and Guild channel specification. 
These new fields are changeable by the Guild leader only. 


*** Tradeskills *** 

- The spell Light of Order will now use the proper ink. 
- Poison Vials made with Crows Special Brew now show properly in the Tradeskill UI. 
- Players baking with pumpkin will now get their tools back when they mess up. 
- Players making Spiced Pumpkin Cider no longer have to hold it in their hands. The 
recipe now requires a bottle. 


*** NPCS *** 

- The Knight of the Dread Sun will now make his appearance more often. 
- Fixed an issue in Dreadspire that could cause some of the residents of the crypt 
to aggro through the roof. 
- Ogres will now be able to get the thread for their cultural armor without having 
to fight off guards. 

.....................................................................

------------------------------
December 13, 2006
------------------------------

*** Warping Fixes *** 

- Fixed the Eye of Zomm warping bug. 
- Fixed a warping bug while being charmed/feared. 


*** Titles *** 

- Corrected an issue that prevented server-based suffixes for the Cazic Thule server from 
being displayed properly. 

- The EverQuest Team

.....................................................................


------------------------------
December 21, 2005
------------------------------

*** Tradeskills ***

- Fixed a tradeskill exploit.


*** Miscellaneous ***

- Pathing changes were made to Dreadspire and the Demi-Plane of Blood to mitigate NPC 
warping.

- The EverQuest Team

.....................................................................


September 19th, 2006
_____________________


*** Highlights ***

Welcome to EverQuest: The Serpent's Spine, the 12th expansion for EverQuest!

- New Player Race: The Drakkin have been created from both human and dragon blood to protect the future of all dragon kind. Several colors and customizations will be available to make each Drakkin character unique, such as elegant scale markings and horns.
- Level Cap Increase: Players can now reach level 75, complete with new spells, abilities, raids and quests for greater power.
- Content for Levels 1 to 75: Play through every level of the game without ever leaving the Serpent Spine Mountains. The entrance to Serpent's Spine can be found within Highpass Hold.
- New Starting City: Crescent Reach is a fully functioning city with all that is required to learn and thrive in EverQuest, including merchant, quest, combat and tradeskill areas. All classes and races are welcome within the city.
- Dynamic Features: New zones, NPCs, destructible and interactive objects.
- New AAs & Spells: Experience new spells and Alternative Advancement abilities.

Spell Ranks: The new spells that you can acquire in The Serpent's Spine have different ranks to them. The higher ranks of a spell are generally more powerful and more difficult to obtain than the lower ranks. When you scribe a higher rank of a spell that you already know, the lower rank will automatically be overwritten by the higher rank and your spell casting gems and hotkeys will be updated to reflect that you now have a higher rank of the spell.


*** General Game Improvements ***

*** AA System ***

The AA system has undergone some significant back-end changes. The experience you get toward an AA point is now based on the difficulty of the NPC relative to you rather than being based directly on the NPCs level. This means that you will gain a similar amount of experience killing even con creatures at all levels. The amount of experience required to gain an AA is based off the current amount required for a level 70 character to do so, so players at level 70 shouldn't see much of a difference. Players below level 70 will gain AA experience at a rate faster than they were before since they are now gaining it at a similar rate as the level 70. Going forward, this rate will remain static so the amount of kills to gain an AA point at level 75 will be the same it is at level 70. Current abilities and points spent are not affected by this change.


*** Death ***

We've made a change to the way death works. When you die now you will be "hovering" over your body and can choose to stay that way while waiting for a resurrection instead of immediately zoning to your bind point. This is being done to help players on slow connections who take a big hit from having to zone twice when they die.


*** Character Creation ***

We've changed character creation to make it more graphical, allow characters to be created from a single page, and updated it to include features associated with the new Drakkin race. As part of this, we've set up some character defaults so starting point allocation, starting city, and starting deity all have defaults now, which can be changed if you wish.


*** Con Color Changes ***

We have introduced a new con color, dark blue, which represents a range of blue con NPCs that give a bonus to their experience due to being very close to your level, generally within 5 levels. The concept of a dark blue con NPC has existed in EQ for a while now, but we've decided to change the con system to visually include this range so you can visually see when an NPC falls into this "sweet spot". To properly display a different shade of blue, we've had to reorder the cons a little bit.  From trivial to highest con, the colors are now:

- Gray - This creature is trivial to you and will give you no experience for killing it.
- Green - This creature is not much of a threat, but will still give you some experience.
- Blue - This creature is below your level, but high enough level to give you experience.
- Dark Blue - This creature is below your level, but close enough to provide a solid challenge and gives you more experience than normal blue cons.
- White - This creature is the same level as you
- Yellow - This creature is slightly above your level.
- Red - This creature is well above your level.

In addition, yellow con now extends up to 3 levels above the player for high end NPCs to help casters determine what can be affected by their spells.


*** Downtime ***

As EverQuest has grown over the years, the amount of downtime imposed upon players has grown as well and we'd rather players find challenge in the fights themselves than in the time between them. Toward that end, we've created a new system that is simple to use, but powerful and flexible enough to control downtime as the game continues to grow.

The basics of the new system are simple. Once you have been out-of-combat for a sufficient amount of time, you can sit down (or be on a non-moving horse) and begin to rest. While resting, you enter an accelerated regeneration state that will quickly recover your mana, health, and endurance. For most single group content, once you are out of combat for 30 seconds you can rest. While dealing with multi-group content, that time is 5 minutes. The amount of time you have to be out-of-combat before you can rest varies for group content and raid content due to the different needs of the different encounter types.

There are a series of icons that will display by your character's name to let you know what your character's current state is.

- Crossed Swords - You are currently in combat.
- Hour Glass - You are recovering from combat and cannot rest yet. In addition to the hourglass, there is a timer bar beneath the endurance bar that will count down as you get closer to being rested.
- Poison Drop - You are no longer in combat, but cannot rest because of a debuff that is affecting you. You must get rid of the debuff before you can rest. Certain debuffs now have a yellow border instead of a red one. These debuffs do not affect your ability to rest.
- Void - The void is the default icon and indicates that you are not in-combat and you can rest at any time.
- Energy Swirl - The energy swirl indicates that you are currently resting.


*** Group Mentoring ***

Players can now share their group leadership experience with another member of their group.


*** Reward Window ***

Tasks within The Serpent's Spine have a new way of giving out rewards. When there are multiple rewards to choose from, you will get to choose which one you like from a selection window. If you don’t choose a reward immediately, you can bring up the window later to make the selection but you can only have a maximum of 5 outstanding rewards at any time. If you go above that, the oldest reward will be replaced and you will be unable to claim that reward.


*** NPCs ***

- Corrected a couple of problems in the NPC call-for-help code. NPCs will now call for help immediately when attacked regardless of when they were last aggroed if they are no longer aggro. Also, NPCs will now properly aggro on the owner of a pet if the pet is sent to attack the NPC.
- Shrewd halfling bankers have set up shop in the guild lobby.
- Coldwind in Nektulos will now offer a confirmation box to players when they try to remove their Curse of the Blood AAs.
- Various issues with the Trial of Lashing in Plane of Justice have been resolved.
- The balances in the Kvxe Pirik event in Tacvi will once again reset to full health between waves.
- The Alchemy vendors have set up shop in Innothule, Everfrost, West Cabilis, and Shar Vahl.
- A new vendor has appeared in East Cabilis that caries some basic adventuring supplies.
- Tani N`mar and Founy Jestands are now pick-pocketable again.
- The skeletons summoned by the Swarm of Decay ability are casting their spells properly again.
- Tegea Prendyn has grown tired of her ocean view and now rests near an inn.
- Char and Blaze in the ROTA raid now have their spells functioning correctly again.
- Many healer NPCs in Depths of Darkhollow now require some casting time to get off their big heal.
- The Vengeful skeletons in Everfrost should no longer evade the guards quite so well.


*** Tradeskill ***

- Made the Foldable Reinforced Medicine Bag a bit roomier.
- For clarity, the tradeskill trophies and carry-alls now list the lore group they are part of.
- The yield when making metal bits has increased to 2.
- Modified the recipe for Blessing of Reverence to make the spell line more consistent.
- Lost Dungeons of Norrath and Omens of Wars spells have become tradable. Additionally, Lost Dungeons of Norrath spells will have no token sellback value to NPCs.


*** Spells ***

- Stun-caps have been added to the various levels of the Strike of Opportunity spells.
- The Circle of Power aura effects will now improve all melee and ranged attacks instead of affecting only one-hand blunt.
- Wolf form illusions will no longer automatically make you KOS to guards.
- Illusion: Tree now uses a different, global tree model rather than the tree model it used to use, which was only available in older zones.
- The damage dealt by high level NPCs that have been charmed has been increased.
- Increased the regeneration of pets while they are out-of-combat to keep pace with the increases of out-of-combat regeneration for PCs.
- Translocate spells no longer require a reagent.
- The reuse on the warrior disciplines Bazu Bellow and Mock are no longer linked together.


*** AAs ***

- Most beneficial AA effects that last for less than 30 seconds will now go to the short duration buff window instead of the normal buff window.
- Improved Harm Touch and Leech Touch are now on different timers.
- The Shadowknight AAs Consumption of the Soul and Improved Consumption of the Soul now provide a greater increase to Leech Curse.
- Refunded all AAs that increased your chance to channel through damage. Channeling is currently set to 100% for all classes due to a long standing issue in how it is calculated, so the abilities weren't doing anything. This includes Channeling Focus, Channeling Mastery, and Internal Metronome. Item Channeling abilities, such as Concentration, are not affected.
- You will now get a message if you have the Stonewall or Willful Death AA and successfully feign death through a spell that hit you.
- Lowered the reuse time on the Monk AA Imitate Death to 18 minutes. Modified Hastened Death to reduce the reuse by 2 more minutes per rank of the ability.
- Increased the mitigation of the higher ranks of the bard AA Shield of Notes.
- By popular demand, removed Spell Casting Subtlety from the Bard AA lineup. Any points spent in that ability will be refunded.
- The Beastlord AA Feral Swipe has received a damage increase.


*** Skills ***

- Modified skill progression for many classes.
- Bards and Beastlords now have access to Double Attack starting at level 71.
- All bard instrument skills are now available starting at level 5.


*** Veteran Rewards ***

- Issues with the Steadfast Servant casting lower level effects at certain level ranges have been corrected.


*** Events ***

- The Aura of Destruction from Uqua and Prick of a Poisoned Pin from Demi-Plane of Blood will land reliably again and last their intended duration.
- Slightly reduced the hit-points of the third wave adds in the Sendaii event.


*** Items ***

- Changed the name of the "Stromguard Forge" to "Stormguard Forge".
- Many items that had extremely strong light sources have had their light sources reduced a bit to help with the issues where lightly colored surfaces become blindingly bright.
- Many spell reagents now stack to 100 instead of 20.
- Some items now have a new tab on them called "Lore" that will give extended information about the item.
- Shield of the Immaculate, Amulet of Necropotence, and Holgresh Elder Beads are now flagged all/all.
- Upgraded Stats on Class Specific Items in Demiplane of Blood.


*** Disciplines ***

- You may now learn combat abilities by right-clicking upon the Tomes instead of delivering them to your guild master.


*** Miscellaneous ***

- Race based experience penalties have been removed.
- You can you enable texture streaming from the advanced graphics options window.  This should reduce the total memory used by the client during any given play session.


- The EverQuest Team 
