for immediate release

THE SHAGGS
PHILOSOPHY OF THE WORLD
legendary album slated for re-release on RCA Victor

Reissue produced by Irwin Chusid and Terry Adams
February 23, 1999 scheduled release


PHILOSOPHY OF THE WORLD was one of Frank Zappa's favorite albums.
Rolling Stone's 1996 'Alt-Rock-A-Rama' book ranked it among "The 100
Most Influential Alternative Releases of All Time," "The Greatest
Garage Recordings of the 20th Century," and "The 50 Most Significant
Indie Records." 

The Shaggs -- sisters Dorothy, Helen, and Betty Wiggin -- hailed from
the culturally disconnected backwater of Fremont, NH. Having never
seen a live rock band, but having heard their favorite songs on the
radio, these hothouse siblings formed a trio playing two guitars and
drums. In 1969 they recorded PHILOSOPHY..., now recognized as a
monument of "aboriginal rock."

The Shaggs are a touchstone of unpretentiousness. Their music is
earnest, authentic, and refreshingly guileless. Hacked-at chords,
missed downbeats, out-of-socket transitions, blown accents, and
accidental convergences abound. And yet -- it all works! The Shaggs'
lost-chord wonderland has an internal logic that transcends the
conventional relationship between ability, technique, and originality.
PHILOSOPHY... crowns the Wiggin sisters as the legendary, if
unwitting, Queens of Outsider Music.

1999 marks the 30th anniversary of the rarely-seen original release. A
1980 vinyl LP reissue on Rounder/Red Rooster is long out-of-print. In
1988, PHILOSOPHY... was issued on CD by Rounder, but the songs were
remixed, the tracks resequenced, later (and far more proficient, i.e.,
less interesting) tracks were included, and the original album cover
art was omitted.

The RCA Victor package represents the first authentic reissue of the
original PHILOSOPHY OF THE WORLD, as conceived by the Shaggs' proud
papa, Austin Wiggin, Jr.  In addition to the original sequence, cover
art, and liner notes (and NO extra tracks), this package includes new
biographical notes by Irwin Chusid, and the first-ever publication of
a rare photo of Austin and Annie Wiggin, subjects of the Shaggs'
classic song, "Who Are Parents?"

The Shaggs
Philosophy of the World
RCA Victor 09026-63371-2

press inquiries:
IRWIN CHUSID <ghostown@ix.netcom.com>
