 Subj:  Doubles champs Date:  96-01-18 01:56:03 EST From:  KH0LARI         

 The challenge had been issued and aCause Critical Woundsepted. Kh0lari and Sylverion had been working their way toward the top of the Doubles Ladder and they were finally going to get their shot at Number 1. Sir Rellikk and Slayve had held the position for what seemed an eternity. But it was time for them to go down. It was time for them to feel the might of the Bregan D'Aerth.

Rellikk and Slayve chose the location of the fight: 0,5 WestBridge. Giants were everywhere, but the adrenaline was flowing and I had no fear. I realized that all of us would be invisible within our cloaks and that our victory would not come easily. Eager to get things started, I was the first to jump into the fray and I threw up a globe immediately. Sylverion was the next one in and he went straight to a potential ambushing spot. Slayve came in next and slowed me with a fumble. He was followed by Sir Rellikk who ran right passed Sylverion and into a copse of trees. As Sylverion came out to surprise Rellikk, Rellikk turned with a fumble spell ready. He had apparently suspected the trap and been ready for it.

Sylverion was taken by surprise and as hit full force by the clumsy. Slayve went again and threw a sickening cloud to prevent me from freeing Sylverion. I choked on the cloud and spent a few seconds clearing my lungs. When I looked up I saw Rellikk casting a spell at Sylverion and I. I hit the ground and the spell effect missed me. Sylverion was fumbling around and was an easy target. He stopped moving instantly. A CG Shaman had seen the commotion and was on its way over to check things out. I regained my composure and headed straight for Sylverion. I dispelled the effects of the hold just as the CG was about to finish Syl off. Sylverion jumped aside and threw up another globe to replace the one I had dispelled. Slayve ran by the both of us and headed away from everyone. A Storm Giant caught sight of him running and threw a lightning bolt that caught Slayve from behind and zapped him. A FG Mage saw the bolt hit and threw a FB which barely affected Slayve.

Sylverion and I saw that Slayve was hurt so we closed in for the kill. We both hit him with cause crits and he was down to 26 hps. Sylverion and I had lost our speed and Slayve took advantage of this by running behind a group of trees about 1/4 mile away. He created images behind the safety of the trees. Sylverion was trying to catch up to Slayve before he get anothe globe up. He stopped when he heard Slayve casting his mirror image spell. Sylverion targeted the area with a lightning bolt that hit Slayve through the trees and the images. Slayve ran further away and through up his globe. From there it was a foot race. Sylverion and I spent the next 10 minutes chasing Slayve around the board. At one point a FG Mage was within range for a silence. Having no other targets, I stuck a silence to the Mage. Slayve was cutting across the Mages path when the silence stuck. The mage, unable to cast, joined Sylverion and I in the hunt for Slayve. We all caught up with him at the same time. Sylverion hit him with a cause serious and did 5 Hps leaving Slayve with only 5. But the FG Mage had silenced Slayve and I both so we both headed in the opposite direction of the mage. He ran first and I followed close behind. Another giant came from the direction that Slayve was headed and he was forced to retreat a step. That was all I needed to catch him. I hit him with a serious and watched him fall unconscious.

It was two on one now and we knew that our victory was at hand. We chased Rellikk for a brief time until Sylverion slowed him with a fumble. Rellikk pulled out a slay scroll and hit Sylverion for some mild damage. But Rellikk was slowed now, and this gave that silenced FG Mage a chance to catch up. Sylverion released a stinking cloud over Rellikk just before the FG Mage arrived. Rellikk choked as the FG Mage and a CG Shaman trapped him in the cloud. Rellikk had nowhere to run and the FG Mage knew it. Rellikk was hit for 21 damage by the Mage.

Continued....



Subj:  Doubles Champs 
2 Date:  96-01-18 01:57:18 EST From:  KH0LARI         

He was silenced, choking and off balance from the blow. Sir Rellikk staggered around in the cloud and began to puke. I saw an opening between the giants and slipped in with a cause crit. BOOM! Rellikk went down and the fight was over.

Sylverion and I have claimed the Number 1 spot on the Doubles Ladder. We have proven our ability time and again. Let it be known that we have earned the right to call ourselves the BEST!!!!!

Kh0lari AGM of the Bregan D'Aerth Alurl Velg'larn #1 Doubles team PvP Ladder Council ::Struts around holding tag team belt in the air::